In colonial America , the house of burgesses, the mayflower compact , and town hall meetings?
What was Rudyard Kipling's attitude toward the British Empire?
how do i get musical roles without experience?
is this a good prologue?
How to change myself.?
My sister paid me to draw something for her, now she's taking credit for it?
The Outsiders - How do I answer this question?
how often do you draw?
Who did George washington capture at the battle of Trenton?
what was the last thing you drew?
What would you rate my drawing on a scale from one to ten?
What should I name my Snare Drum?
Should I play Guitar or Violin?
I wrote in public library books- will they notice?
I need help for a 911 call in my book?
what are your opinions on these types of people?
Can you name a great accomplishment that somebody did on their own?
What are the good and bad things John Brown did?
What should i name my guitar?
I love acting, I want to do it professionally, but I have a few questions.?
FBI - CIA or US Marshall for a character of my book?
Does Rocksmith 2014 actually teach you how to play guitar?
Short chapter by chapter summaries for bucking the sarge?
CAN SOMEONE PLEASE TELL ME WHAT THIS SYMBOL MEANS http://www.flickr.com/photos/115132640@N03/12076651393?
Poetry title for my book?
has anyone published a good selling book without schooling like college?? If so how did you guys do it?
What do you think of this?
I no longer desire things?
Do I have any chance of joining Cirque Du Soleil?
Any Title Ideas for This?
Would anyone be interested in test reading my book?
Im starting to wonder if my great grandfather was part of a mafia?
How do I get creative ideas for my story?
There comes a time in everyones life?
How are these names for my medieval fantasy?
Do you protect yourself by a fence?
Where the head goes..the feet will also go?
If you have unlimited wealth to create or do anything, what will you do?
The annals of history tells us that Martin Boormann was more evil and devious than even Hitler. Is this true?
how would someone who almost drowned (to death) react when regained consciousness?
How to build upon my instagram?
Why do I always hate what I've written a few days after I start writing it?
American History - Andrew Jackson?
Questions about Miami CIty Ballet Summer Intensive?
Would you make last minute changes, if God came back now?
Wouldn't an infinite amount of things occur in eternity?
Can someone paraphrase this for me ? easy 10 points??!!!!?
what is your opinion on high school senior or graduate photos?
Experts on The Great Gatsby novel PLEASE HELP !?
What was the very first civilizations?
Do you think people have gotten less empathetic over the years?
is tickle-torture a real thing?
Ideas for short Frozen fanfics?
How to join two metal pieces?
Is Boggs black in Mockingjay?
when should this story start off?
Which is the best name for this character?
Pol Pot killed 150,000 ethnic chinese. How come the Chinese government supported him till the end?
Can I do this or no...?
What is character analysis??
I need to read a french book, but I don't understand anything :)?
Was China the reason the USSR collapsed?
\Octopus\ repost: Will you please cc?
I Need Help In History Please..10 Points Rewarded!?
What was Henry VII's relation like with scotland?
Can you help me decide the perfect title for my new poem?
How did Charles de Gaulle risk his life for the lives of others during World War II?
Truth thoughts.. what are yours to this quote?
Are there any Workshops for Actors in London/U.K.?
Help with world history?
What is a good name for this character?
For an audition, is it okay to go a little over 16 bars?
which would you prefer to read about?
Need a story element ?
I need help with my story 10 PTS?
Good pop songs for an audition?
When do you suppose sad endings are more appropriate than happy ones?
How to show vs. tell?
What was the tax structure like in france AFTER the French revolution?
What's wrong with all these humans? Why can't they prove that they exist? Do they(we) exist? ANSWER ME?
What are some things that make you really sad?
Is it too late for me to have a career in ballet?
May I please get some real feedback?
Trying to find out if the Richard Stanley Beal recommended for a medal is my great grandad?
Did the dark ages exist?
Has anyone read Mercy by Jodi Picoult? If so, how did you like it?
Did McGonagall ever call Harry by his firstname?.?
Do you like my fashion photo?
POLL: What is your list of 'must-read' books?
What could the consequences have been if India hadn't helped Britain in WW1?
WRITING HELP!! How can a mafia boss, a photographer and a drug addict doctor can become related in a story?
Do you guys like my story ?
What do you want to achieve before you die?
What is your favorite color of paint?
What would you do if you found out your life is a reality TV show?
What if other people notice your voice sounds different recorded?
Are these really immoral? Why? *warning explicit*?
How does deTocq characterize liberty in relation to social equality?
Any tips on how my characters should meet? !?
Is my story any good?
fashion, graphic, commercial designer. help?
Is my story any good ?
What do you think of this story plot?
what is the meaning of dangerous knowledge? what can it do? why?
PLEASE I NEED FEEDBACK?
How to grab a readers attention when writing Fantasy Novels?
Name of this poem or short story?
Can i sing??? what to do to improve?
What book series am I thinking of?
I wanted to ask you guys a question about this book..!!?
What are you hoping will happen after you die?
Does anyone actually do what Augustus do in the fault in our stars?
Any advice for a new burglar?
should I live unhappy? loneliness is killing me?
What's the difference between a duke and a baron?
sometimes I like to seperate myself from other people on account to the way I think........?
What do you think of this?
How do I find out the tribal name of my Great Great grandmother?
Need one shot manga ideas!!!?
What are some books I can read that can improve my writing skills?
What happened at the end of the book crank?
who really blinked during the cuban missile crisis? was it kennedy or the soviet premier? why would?
Any ideas for a one shot manga?
What makes you happy in life?
I would like to know the existance of all things or maybe even hints i could possibly piece together.?
Why is it so fun to troll atheists?
Why is Twillight popular?
Can someone write a summary of my story for me?
huckleberry finn symbols?
A good title for this story?
Is the name Isabelle cliche?
TWILIGHT FIRST BOOK HELP?
What can I write about for my history paper?
What do you think of my poem? (Ugh, I know, but please give me feedback)?
how did Muhammad Ali remain independent during the age of imperialism?
Twillight is better than lord of the rings, am I right?
How did reforms made by sultans divide factions in the Ottoman Empire?
Any good books for 14 year olds?
How do I get started in acting?
How can I explain a kiss?
Please checkover my united states history? 4 questions?
What accesories do i need for a guitar?
As the mind is special, have you ever been trusted to much?
How do I get an acting agent?
What is a daemon in the book the golden compass?
Is it better to get the 18-200 mm lens instead of the standard 18-55? Nikon?
Are writer's conferences worth the money?
Establishing a main character in a multiple pov book..?
how did Marilyn monroe persevered?
what Does it mean if you Procrastinate on Career Choice?
Philosophy on the toilet seat: Will an outdoor toilet survive a earthquake?
Was Feudalism an effective governmental system in Europe?
A good title for this story?
Which book of the A Song of Ice and Fire series is the best?
Which was not a characteristic of the culture of ancient Greece?
Would you consider this a form of plagiarism?
things invented by Canadians in the 1900s-2000s?
Does evil stem from ignorance?
Nazi concentration camp freedoms?
Which of these protagonist's names sound decent?
Did we win the Vietnam War?
Was the German Empire (1871-1918) anti-semetic?
What do you think of a Japanese girl playing a bass electric?
Who was the best \First Lady\ of the US, and why?
Do you know of any professional pianist that are book writers as well?
Was Sacagawea taken by Hidatsa Indians or Shoshone Indians and where was she taken?
How can you say that you are not dead?
Would you feel \great\ if a wiener was named after you?
How to keep a great diary of teenage years?
How to put 3 pictures into 1 picture?
How to get used to drawing digitally?
what if we were all part of some guys imagination?
I need help with my story?
Phantom of the Opera question?
Creating a title for a piece of art?
what did great brittain and the soviet union think when we nuked japan?
What was this book publishing webpage?
Story about girls at a boarding school: plot ideas?
Would this novel structure work as a concept?
If Lenin did not die in 1924, how the history might be different?
Which should I do....?
Differnce between artist brushes and hardware store brushes?
What should I wear to an opera?
Becoming a professional modern dancer?
If my grandmother was from Mexico would that mean I have Aztec/Mayan ancestry?
Where does internal peace come from and do all humans have the potential to?
Should I catch up with the dwarves?
Are historic cave drawings a historic means of social media?
Which title for my story?
What do you think of this idea? (revised)?
Help me with my story please continue it please!?
what are the 6 different color classifications? (Ex: intermediate, primary)?
What does this sentence mean?
Book about a Russian guy named Vitia?
How do you make wolf ears?
What happened to the world?
What nationality am i ?
Character name ideas?
Can you look someone up on Ancestry.com for me?
did women play a significant part in early Hollywood?
Where can I get the outfit Chelsea Korka wore on The PCD show?
Recommended cross-body purses?
i just started cosmo school and everyone gets it on first try but me?
what would you wear with floral print boots?
Which of these purses do you like better and why?
Is it safe to wear used earrings?
How long should I wait after getting my ears pierced to start stretching?
I'm the ugly friend of my group? What can I do about it? How can I deal?
how to boost my self confidence?
Is okay to where the same pants/leggings as you did last week ?
Which of these purses do you like better and why?
Does this piercing look too trashy?
can i wear black button down shirt on prom?
why do girls were makeup?
Where can I buy an iphone case like this?
Is it bad that I like makeup at 14?
Lets swap clothes this second what would i end up wearing?
My nose is sooo big at 14!?!!?
Is it normal that I shave my legs as a guy?
Does healthy hair grow faster?
How to keep your hair healthy after a haircut?
stretch marks on back of knee?
I need help with a makeover?
Do i have good seats for this concert?
How can i make my hair curly,wavy,or something other than straight?
Can any PROFESSIONAL hair stylists tell me what to do about my situation?
Good Hairstyle websites for teens?
Help with my eyeshape!!?
why is my nose so oily ?
Snakebites? someone help please?
Does biotin pills help with hair growth?
Could i become a model? That is the question...?
does anyone else look different some days?
Color Oops and bleaching?
How to counteract acne from milk?
How do i persuade my mum to dye my hair?
Forearm tattoo price and time to finish?
I'm having H&M shipping issues?
Do you think selfies are annoying?
Which color should i dye my hair?
Do you still polish and shine your shoes?
Does drinking more than 10 glasses of water reduce hair falling?
Will cutting my hair make it thicker/ healthier?
What is a good store to get interview clothes for a mid-20s woman?
will I regret cutting my long hair to my shoulders?
Which dress do you guys like better?
What moisturizer should i get?
Cheap bridesmaid dresses?
Good shampoo's to grow your hair?
Can I transfer from Hollister to Abercrombie?
What is my skin color?
How long until I see results?
I have awkward hair and need it styling for prom i also need makeup ideas.?
HAIR PROBLEM - IS THIS NORMAL? PICS?
Which cambridge satchel should i get?
Are mens and womens jeans cut differently?
New foot tattoo? IS THIS NORMAL?
What is the purpose of a camisole?
Is there really much difference between cheap makeup and expensive makeup?
what kind of heels would look good with this dress?
which top is more pretty?
Do I need to get a nose job?
will I regret Cutting my long hair to my shoulders? please help!?
Why are my parents unfair?
Brown to blonde hair?
Would it be weird for a guy to wear a crop top?
which top is more pretty?
Why don't I believe that I am pretty?
Eyebrows help I am screwed?
How do you create your own fashion?
Homecoming in a few days !!!!?
I returned a pair of boots to a store and there saying they didnt get it?
Do I look okay like this for work??? Guy, pics included?
What could I do to hydrate my skin regularly?
Is tinted moisturiser better then foundation for people with dry skin?
What would be a good name for a disease that makes you \beautiful\ in a world of ugly people?
which headband looks the best among them?
do the bendy hair rollers work?
Why are my parents unreasonable?
I don't like my nose?
how to you get curls to stay in your hair?
First physical impressions if this guy? (asking females)?
Help with this ear piercing problem????!!!!?
would waxing make it thicker?
Is this mens hoodie chavy?
dying nearly black hair lighter?
is it okay to have a smaller butt but a bigger chest?
I got my belly button pierced 4 days ago, and it seems to be more red and a little more sore than yesterday?
I want to dye my hair blue?
How to dress a bit classy for a teenage guy?
Which is the best website where we can get fashion of streets of india?
how to get rid of acne red scarring?
Best makeup brushes & Liquid eyeliner?
I want to get rid of lice?
What is beautiful? do brown/black girls look beautiful?
what body shape am i?
which color is the best looking of these three totes?
Is beauty subjective?
Is spending $600 on a prom dress crazy?
how much would this tattoo cost?
Medium brown eyeshadow?Are any of those shades medium brown?
How much will it cost for a teen to straighten hair permanently for around 6 months?
What is handsome? do brown color skinned man look handsome?
Do you prefer your hair to be parted on the side or in the middle?
What color top and shoes would go with floral print jeans?
How bad would it hurt tongue re-pierced?
What's the fastest way to get rid of an infected belly button ring?
How do i cut my hair?
a guy wearing Skinny jean shorts to school?
Junior High Style Question?
I'm going to start my apprenticeship as a tattoist is there a website i could buy a good tattoo kit?
How bad does getting your nose pierced hurt?
Can green army like pants have any potential style?
How big is your bedroom?
Girls do you wear shorts under your skirts/dresses?
their should be men makeup that guys can buy.?
Girls, do you like this top?
Bobbin case on LSS-505?
Does a tattoo machine(gun) really matter when tattooing?
Getting my tongue pierced, questions!?
my nose ring stinks :p?
Where should I get my tattoo? (If I decide to get it)?
Women: Do you have sex in the daylight totally naked?
I need help finding a prom dress!!?
How to look vintage rustic?
My roots didn't lighten enough?
Going Hunting, should I wear makeup?
Which color of this blouse do you like better for spring?
What should I wear to a first date hockey game?
Light brown eyes vs Dark brown?
Brown eyes vs Blue eyes?
Is my tongue piercing normal?
Is it ok for a guy to get his eyebrows waxed?
Modeling tips/advice?
Can you reuse fake eyelashes?
Are nipple piercings attractive?
Is Maybelline dream matte mousse foundation any good?
Am I taking too many vitamins?
women - do you feel it is ok to have you bra straps showing in public?
Tragus piercing bump?
How do you by an empty MAC palette on the MAC website?
Tattoo ideas! Help please!?
What Body Shape am I?
Are these just highlights?
How to make my hair grow out by summer?
when you wear leggings or yoga pants do you wear a short shirt - or a long one to cover your butt?
I can't stop picking my scalp...?
My eyes get really watery when I put makeup on?
If we switched clothes what would I be wearing?
Women - which do you prefer - leggings, yoga pants or a tight skirt?
what do guys think of girls with scars?
What are appropriate color handbags for winter?
My eyes are puffy from crying?
I want to look cute without overdoing it?
Changing sequins on a dress?
how to be popular in middle school?
What are your thoughts on body glitter?
Can i leave the same piercing in ? How long?
Is my new cartilage piercing OK?
earring/gauge help!! 20g to 18g?
how do makeup gurus use all their makeup?
My gauged ear bleeding?
Online stores to look for purses?
How can I get myself to stop caring on what other people think of me?
Ladies: What is your favorite makeup brands?
Is shaving your face bad? (Women)?
Got any good sweatpants recommendations for men?
Online stores to look for purses?
What should short girls wear?
Great eye make up for blue-grey eyes.?
Good watches for under $150?
How do I ask to shave my legs?
Am I a good size or not...?
Do these purses look cheap?
What should short girls wear?
Do these purses look nice?
What Should i wear with my Miss Me Jeans ?
Would this be a good tattoo?
Do teenagers really need to do their eyebrows?
How do i make my hair look a natural curly?
How to do a top knot/ bun?
Why do some women look horrible without makeup?
my hair is being a pain *PLEASE ANSWER *?
Is vera Bradley really going out of business?
HOW TO DO MY HAIR FOR SCHOOL?
A career where you can study skin?
What foundation is great for dry skin?
HELP- Would I look good with blonde hair?
How do I grow my hair out fast?
What moisturiser is good for dry skin?
?57° Weather Outfit Idea???
Is my hair texture gone forever?
What type of shorts are in style for teens guys?
Help with acne on forehead!?
Will dark auburn semi permanant hair dye show up on my dark hair?
Why has my skin tone red and sore?
streight fluffy hair?
girl area. What do you do when pubic hair grows ?
Are heels hard to dance in?
does anyone know where I can get these jeans?
How much money should I save up before I move out?
where should i go to get my tax refund?
Question about PayPal's policy and prepaid?
If i buy shares what happens?
Stock minor account!?.?
Debt collector transferred debt on false information?
is stealing an atm a good idea?
Is momentis a legitimate way to make extra money?
What should I do about my financial issue?
Is silver a good investment ? To buy then later sell I bought 9 1oz coins for $21.70 per coin was this smart ?
How much percent do I take away from $500 in order to have $400?
do you get fee'd on ebay if buyer doesnt pay?
Could I qualify for a mortgage with the following....?
I sold a package on ebay and I am unsure when I will receive my money?
Statement of cash flows \X\ chart. Operating, Investing, Financing.PLEASE HELP. Accounting II?
What is the deal with extreme couponing?
Do i need to file multiple state income tax returns returns?
How much do you need to start an off licence nothing too big just a little shop really. Uk answers please?
File as dependent or Individual?
Do I have ground to stand on with rental issue?
Landlord lists heat as included, but I need to run electric space heaters in bedrooms?
Are bills more expensive when living in a bigger home?
my package is in RHODE ISLAND?!?
What is positioning in marketing?
Accounting Journalizing Transaction Help!!?
If you enter an amount for Federal Tax Withheld do you have to also for Social Security?
Can I put all of my money onto one gift card?
Is the Landlord Required to Provide Cleaning Service in my case?
How to build credit when you have none?
How to earn money as a teen?
Will my credit score go down when I am older?
How much can my wife and I expect to get back in a Tax returnt? Our gross Income was $49,000, we had a baby (o?
im renting a home in tx that's going to get foreclosure what are my rights what happens to are lease?
What is iphone demographic?
How much taxes would i get back or owe if i made 2,700$ and claimed 1?
How would a job require personal transportation if it's a medical office job?
help finding certified nursing assistant C.N.A job.?
If I made 300k per year, how much would I actually TAKE HOME after taxes?
I made a really stupid decision on eBay?
Myself and my partner want to move county!?
What is my job title?
Can I get refund money on my taxes for interest accruing on student loans in the past?
I am SSDI But thing is income tax?
Will i get in trouble if i used a debit card where it says to put a credit card infomation?
Real work concerns help?
Which real estate brokers agencies hire salespersons that they pay a wage to?
What skills should you have if you want to be a secretary?
Would employers hire college students as a secretary?
How Much Time Off Would Be Fair?
How can someone under 18 get a credit card?
How can someone under 18 get a credit card?
So Buffett was wrong to sell Johnson & Johnson?
Do you think I'll still be able to do some bedside nursing as a nursing jnformatics specialist?
Can I Take Holidays All At Once?
Are prepaid cards any good for a 14 year old?
For 2 sources of income, job in the US & income from overseas business, does Foreign earned income apply?
do licensed practical nurses have great schedules?
Um, don't force to me put down at taxes income?
What job do you wanna when you get older ?
any teen jobs that hire?
Can I get housing benefit with £18,000 in savings?
Would employers hire a high school student as a secretary?
EIC on Disabled Brother?
Tax Filing - Minimum requirement?
bluebird card fact....?
I have a 1934 Five Dollar Bill. What is it worth?
20 and need a new job?
When an apartment company does a background check will a felony that was dismissed by a 1203.4 stop them from?
Why does modern advertising promise to make you successful in everything?
what is paypal and how does it work?
how much money does it take to run a house monthly in albany oregon?
How possible is it to save 68,000 quarters?
How much trouble wpuld I be in?
Employed college graduates, what is your average annual income? just curious?
How to refund a money order?
What do you like to spend your money on after paying bills and food?
Email Creation Question?
I keep getting money, but there's nothing I wanna buy?
If an idea is not new, but has never been applied for, then can someone patent it ?
Is there a stock website?
job interview for Chipotle? what to wear?
i need help with mobile home value?
Do I have to take a different NCLEX-rn test to be a nurse in another state?
Would it be reasonable to quit job after getting hours cut?
How can i learn of earning from facebook?
How old do you have to be to make a Paypal account.?
Who Hires At 17... I need a job?
Buying a house cash in SA, Texas?
Should I get a credit card?
what kind of a job can i get?
Will a background check include reasons for leaving on the employment history?
If Warren Buffett is so smart, how come 2 of his biggest stocks; Coca Cola, IBM, performed so lousy last year?
Can a store manager's salary be a certain percent of revenue?
Pls help. the cost of international mail is too much. need a cheaper way.?
I have been working for my employer for 5 years, is it illegal that they haven't gave me a raise?
Is a 60% return in one year a good percent to offer?
Which first: get a loan, buy land, or have blueprints drawn?
How do you open a savings account?
I am filing my taxes and I am claiming my baby which is 5 months old. do I qualify for child tax credit?
Is ups opened on holidays like martin lither king day?
Does insurance cover eating disorder cost?
If you quit a job, do you have to put in on other applications?
Do you think warning labels are effective?
Is it possible to drop down a price on a used car at a dealership?
How to make a budget?
I am thinking about opening a Christian daycare. I need help with the slogan. The name is Garden of Eden.?
I cant find a job. Any suggestions ?
what does conditionally accepted into an apartmemt mean?
RBS group does each other companys have different shares or are they all under RBS shares ?
Can I do these jobs with missing my right forearm?
Difference between US money order and a money order?
I have a question about the Nursing major, please help?
A career where you can study skin?
I am a nursing student and need some help with my resume...?
Several bedroom house rentals in Knoxville tn?
Paypal dispute from a teamviwer paypal cam show (kind of) can I win?
Best Way To Sell My Stuff?
should i be a cop or porn star?
Why did I receive a negative credit score for applying to a credit card?
LIfe insurance for both of my parents questions?
Is this a reasonable offer?
I would like to know something about import/export to the UK mainly from Asia?
should i be a porn star or a cop?
What can I do with 500 dollars?
What should I name my fake restaurant?
Business loan VS credit?
Changeing the carpet?.?
solve for the missing amounts in accounting?
references for work applications?
all-in-one ecommerce solution.?
Do not wish to renew my lease with my tenants would like to let them know as early as possible.?
Oklahoma law tenant landlord?
How do you word this financialy (compound interest)?
Is this a reasonable offer to make on a business?
I ordered a supplement from Amazon but got it opened, is it safe?
Selling House Title Company Out Of Business Problems With Previous Owner What Now ?
I am 23 years old and I want to join the air force. What are great jobs to enlist in the Medical field?
First job interview ?
do you have to pay taxes to open a think or swim account?
How do I find the retained earning ending without knowing what the dividends are?
When you have a loan, do you only pay interest on your remaining balance or the initial principal?
HELP!! How much postage do I need to send something?
where do i pay sales tax in missouri?
Fed Income Tax Dependent? Student For Spring Semester Only; Qualifying Child Age Test?
What is 10000 x 4? It's hard?
What do I put on my w4 form?
Do law firms look down on JD/MBA graduates?
$12,490 a lot in savings?
felling really shit and unappreciated at work?
How is income tax collected in the US?
FIRST YEAR DOING TAXES HELP! !!?
Becoming a nurse and social life?
Can you please tell me how much money i will make using a saving account?
What are commissions for auto & home owner's policies in MI?
Need advice on finances with husband in college & 2 kids?
does anyone know the measurements for the jump seats on US Airways?
Does the amount you can sock away in a 401K also change after age 50?
USPS - \notice left business closed\ on my tracking information?
Do you need ID to use a gift card at best buy?
Why does American Apparel Stock suck so bad? APP?
How come the stock market is closed on MLK birthday?
Royal Mail \Something for you\ card - Missing parcel?
Young driver's insurance on a TVR Tuscan?
How do i quit my job in person?
Which turbo tax product is right for me?
Can the job centre section my JSA for not going to my weekly job search program, for going to a job interview?
How does the MCC credit work when filing Taxes?
During the late 90s, while the s & p 500 went up, the railroad stocks went down, why did that happen?
Is being a Medical Sonographer worth it?
California Tax return?
10 pts! EASY accounting question!?
how does one learn of foreclosed houses to buy?
Would insurance cover a water birth?
How does it work if you want to get taken off a joint mortgage?
Testing and Automation in IBM Career Guidance Needed?
Why list on ebay with a reserve price?
What will UPS do if I'm not home?
advice on first month rent in advance?
How does unemployment work?
How much does it cost to get into Cosi?
can i refuse to be searched at work?
border patrol jobs?.?
How to live and budget on $30,000 salary?
Does Job centre provide travel expenses?
I am sending £1000 to my niece through my bank but when I type in the amount it faults me. What must I do ?
Who has seen or bought products from HotsFree.com?
No information available for reference number?
What's the best online site to do taxes?
Real estate experts, what is the catch to this home?
Just a few questions about debits and credits?
Request for some business ideas and business partner to start business in Philippines.?
How to let my employer know that...?
What system(s) should I use to sell 1 Million websites a year?
I have a job interview tomorrow for a SALES role, therefore I have to be extremely confident?
When I get paid do I get a check or cash money?
what does it mean for employees if their store is unionized?
Can Fullers(pub) do this ?
school and tax credit 1098 from?
Is health insurance a total scam or what?
Looking to get an apartment any ideas on these costs below?
Do you know of any make/models of diesel outboard motors? around 40-60hp?
How to replace wheels?
can i run my 1987 chevy truck open headers in minnesota for a week without major damage?
Selling car - blurred license plates?
Does a loud exhaust help increase others awareness of you?
Will a dremel cut a grade 8 bolt?
How an rc jet engine continuous to run without the motor?
i have a question about Dodge trucks ?
Can any one tell me something compact that would cut a grade 8 bolt?
How far (distance) will car dealers go to locate another dealership to find a matching car?
What plane would you feel safer in 50 years ago an me262 or p51?
how do the auto-locks work on 2006 Honda Accord?
best 1000wat RMS dual chanel amp?
\Insured and named drivers only to drive\ - UK car insurance?
Is it possible to drop down a price on a used car at a dealership?
How to make the fuel pump on a 97 Cadillac keep pumping without the engine running?
What's a good sounding fairly cheap slip on exhaust?
Why does my aftermarket Water Temp Gauge keep breaking?
How would you release locked up emergancy brakes?
Why does my Truck have 2 Coolant Sensors? 88-98 Chevy Pickup?
Rust behind my tyre wheel?
How do I get the snow off of my car?
How much should I sell my 97 Accord for?
Can I read my Check Engine Light codes at the Computer? Chevy Truck?
Boeing 727 Throttle Friction?
Bmw help please need advice.?
I'm looking for Ford Focus radio code - m109388?
How much is Florida's car insurance each month.?
If you were given 20k to spend on a car what would you get and why?
1 ohm stable amp at .67 ohm?
If coolant spills when being drained or when replacing a hose will it cause it to get smoky and stink?
My 06 rmz 250 has no compression really and i bought it off some1 they said it needs rings but im not for sure?
Engine overheated, battery light on, steering wheel got stiff?
2009 Chevy Silverado Issue?
What is this motorcycle?
2005 Chevy impala headlights flashing, clicking sound under dash, & instrument panel dim, car won't start?
Are Porsche Caymans expensive to maintain?
I have a 2005 Kia Spectra & whenever it's cold it will not start.?
Hi I am thinking of buying the PURI Electric scooter and it goes up to 35km speed and someone said I can put?
Why is the central locking unlocking on citreon saxo ?
Motorcycle finance/down payment?
Are there any P-plate Legal Subaru Impreza WRX's in NSW?
Should I get a 1991 honda civic ef sedan?
1990 Lincoln Towncar Oil Light?
Should I trade my year 2000 mazda millenia for an audi a6 1998?
windscreen wipers question?
Sundown Audio X vs Kicker L7?
What guage wiring kit is required with a dx500.1 watt from kicker?
Whining noise when shifting into reverse?
Why wont my car start?
How will these speakers sound underpowered?
should i get a monoblock or 2 channel amp for my 2 12inch subs 1000watt rockford fosgate prime r2d4?
Why do my lights dim when I accelerate?
my truck rear shocks are blown. will putting a snowmobile in the box of my truck be bad for it?
My truck feels like the brakes r on while driving. And when I put it in neutral it takes a lot to move .?
Does the series matter?
How much does a taxi charge you to wait for you to come out?
Can a 18 year old drive a plow truck?
Which nissan maxima do i have?!?
What would it take to wind a 50cc scooter to 18000 rpm?
Can some else go to DMV for me?
My brand new pioneer 900w amp is in protect mode. Help!?
How can I manually adjust Tru-Balance leg lifts?
Does each ship/boat have its own table of offsets or are they a general rule for every vessel?
Help with subwoofers and amplifiers?
Which car to buy for my first car?
why does Honda civic Eg smoke high rpm?
dishwasher loud after cleaning?
Is a 1.4 inch drop too much for my 2002 Nissan maxima?
Why does my car keep stalling?
Is there a way to get your drivers license online?
Is it possible to drop down a price on a used car at a dealership?
what type of amp should i get for my 2 12inch rockford fosgate prime R1S412?
Is it possible to drop down a price on a used car at a dealership?
Failing an ignition interlock test sober?
Driving 70miles on Moped??
merc switched off itself while was on...now wont start.all lights come on dash but nothing happens?
Behind the wheel Drivers test can I rent a car for my 18 year old to use?
Is an Acura Rsx a hatchback or coupe?
Best way to lift a 4x2 tacoma?
How do trains get electricity from lines?
I have a 2008 Dodge Avenger and have replaced my alternator in Oct and my starter in Oct, Dec & Jan.?
Can I use blue silicone on a water pump gasket , my tube of red has hardened .?
What is the maximum watt amp I can have?
Im looking to buy a car but dont know what?
first day of driving school?
1997 Jeep Grand Cherokee Won't Start?
What oil should I use?
1997 Nissan Pickup Turning Over but won't start?
Why did my battery and break light turn on, airbag light start blinking, and then my car shut off?
how long does road salt stay on the road,once it has been put down?
Why doesn't the Electric start unless the scooter engine has been warmed up?
How do i pass a driving test?
Difference in motorcycle gear.?
What is the hardest hitting 12 in car subs?
Note 3 streaming music via USB through car radio??
350 in 1973 chevelle malibu 4 door.?
what is this part of a car? how much to replace?
What are you Top 5 Car Sounds?
is the morgan 3 wheeler street legal?
Can a 1997 Chevy Tahoe get tootled by a smaller car?
If I book train tickets in advance can I collect them on the day?
How do people get insured with provisional licenses?
What is the life span for an electric fuel pump on a car, 2000 ford Windstar?
Is it possible to buy a Hyundai i40 estate wagon in the US?
What is the best things to study for when taking a drivers test?
How much do car washers make.?
Disconnected coil pack while car was running now car wont start?
Cheap ways to get spilled motor oil off driveway?
Am I loosing Fuel Economy without Car knowing Engine Temperature?
Can someone please tell me what kind of radiator hose this is?
My estranged husband crashed my car(he's a named driver) into a parked car whilst drunk.?
Need help choosing a car?
Lamboghini Aventador vs. Ferrari 458 italia?
got a spare key for a 2002 gran prix. will unlock doors and \start\ engine, but car shuts off.?
Why does Virgin Trains not advertise their Class 221 Super Voyagers?
Porsche PDK vs Ferrari transmission?
how should you put out a fire in car engine? pouring water on a oil fire is dangerous?
honda had 16 x 6.5 rims...?
i'm buying an old car?
Buying a used car need answer to registration question. Missouri?
What is the outcome of this car accident? Insurance question.?
I don't want to drive anymore! I'm terrified and feel unsure of myself, help?
Does anyone know where this is?
Do I 1st need car insurance to take license test or does the car I use for the test just need to be insured?
can i get a car insurance quote over the phone UK?
Alpine MRP-M500 not working?
Is something wrong with my furnace?
ford 9 inch rear end?
When I turn my subs and car audio off does it still use energy?
What will the grader ask me on the TX DPS Road Test?
My height is 4.5 feet...Can I ride Pulsar 200 NS?
Does Amtrak still not inspect carry on baggage?
My car is in the impound. Any advice? No insurance.?
What is the brown sludge under my coolant reservoir cap?
2014 chevy vs 2014 Explorer?!?
How many watts of power is my Sony amp?
I have a 1998 chevy 1500 truck i put wires on and plug and new distributor and cap sometimes it hard to start?
Is 87 octane Regular Shell Still Superior?
How long does it take for oil to reach the engine?
Leaking oil from the engine block?
Hi, I have a Vauxhall Vivaro where the hot air blower works on setting 1-3 but not on 4. Any ideas? Thanks.?
car top speed turning off music?
need help with interior lighting on minivan?
What should i call my MC?
bad car paint job help?
I have a kicker 300.1 amp with 2 12 inch kicker comps in a box together running both at 2 ohms?
do new cars have a first service these days?
Which is the best bike in 150cc,need milege,pickup,good looking?
Subways in Europe vs. Subways in America?
why railway monitoring is necessary?
Toyota highlander hybrid pros and cons?
What is the best way to travel?
A locker for my Ford Differential?
Turbocharger vs Supercharger? Which one performs better?
should I buy a nicer car before I start my own business.?
How do I get my car title back from my dad that has both our names on it and was payed for entirely by me?
In Californa is there a 5 day grace period when pruchasing a vehicle from a private party?
Changing a head gasket on a 2001 firebird trans am ws6?
is it harder to maintain and work on a diesel than a gas?
Mid grade in unleaded only tank?
Does new lower control arms come with preinstalled bushings? or would I have to buy bushings seperately?
How to get a title for car with a lost title in NC?
Will BestBuy replace my amp they broke?
Will the police move a car if it has no insurance?
Whats the best advanced auto code reader I should buy?
can an automatic transmission be made to have extra gears just by altering the valve body?
Why are thumbtacks so expensive?
I got a 305 block with a crank that matches a 350 and a 305. the motor is bored 30 over.?
Why do people follow so closely on the freeway?
Why do a lot of guys think a lot about cars they will never drive?
When substantially increasing hp should gears be set lower or higher?
Any advice on fixing up a high mileage car?
Will I get a settlement from insurance company? How much should I expect, it anything? Help?
Can a 1971 dodge challenger have a front trunk?
Right Rear Blinker does not work on my 2010 Ford Escape. What's wrong ?
nitro rc keeps dieing after 10 seconds of use?
nitro rc keeps dieing after 10 seconds of use?
People always say Lamborghini 'OWNS'?
Is is my starter or something else?
Is getting a 2 wheel drive tacoma lifted dumb?
I like the 2006 Pontiac GTO for my next car, would you suggest that? If not, what would you suggest?
Which bike should I get; DRZ 400sm or Husqvarna Te 449?
Why can't a new vehicle be returned for a refund?
Should i get a 300cc or 600cc street bike?
How can I close my trunk door from the inside?
need help with audiovox overhead dvd player?
my 2002 Chevy Silverado redlines immediately after starting. why?
How much money can I make as an auto mechanic?
How much is average mechanic labor? Replacing car doors?
First Sound System Questions?
my coolant reservior is not circulating.?
Would flipping a 1977 grand prix be a smart, profitable decision?
Best flagship Iphone 5s or samsung galaxy note 3?
Why does my stereo cut out?
Should I get a 2014 Fiesta ST or keep my 00' Monte Carlo SS?
2005 Ford Focus ST, 125,000m, the engine light came on. Could it be a reminder to have the car checked?
having a vent tube problem?
Which is better vehicle?
How do I take the permit test?
Do I need anymore upgrades for my computer?
How do you see \friendship\ on Facebook?
What is something that works like an Ethernet cable but is longer and more durable?
Need Gaming Laptop under 1,800 USD?
Why does my PC get's progressively slower the longer i leave it on?
Does anyone know if there are any real celebrity's on facebook?
how much watts do i need for my PC?
How to pull up these videos..................?
HP Computer help. Windows 7.?
How fast is this? Opinions? Help?
What are some good javascript project ideas?
When I right click files it takes about 10 seconds to load, why?
Is it possible to get fiber optic internet in the U.S.?
Is it possible to get fiber optic internet in the U.S.?
the sound on my asus laptop suddenly stopped working!?!? help please!!!!!!?
Does anyone have a pinterest account that I could have?
Custom computer build needs revisions?
Does google hangout charge you?
What is the best way (service provider) to receive online donations?
How the HELL do i delete overwolf?
Can I use Microsoft office 2010 on Windows 8?
Do you have any idea of the depth with which youtube, google and yahoo can KNOW everything?
That MandiantUSA Malware thing popped up and I restarted without safetymode, Am i okay?
Easy Way to tell GPIO?
why are my pictures too small thats all I have?
why does my computer shut off by itself??
HDD to Hybrid Hard Drive?
javascript while loop?
Is Google Hangouts free?
How do you transfer your hard drive data to another including the Operating System?
chromebook can you increase the resolution i.e make words bigger?
Instagram hijacked.. Help?
Will my PSU support a Nvidia GTX 760?
Is the Cheshire Police virus from my computer completely gone?! Scared! {Best Answer gets 5*}?
Why are my neighbours so mad at me?
Have I been blocked on Facebook?
Which is more important to upgrade? CPU or Video Card? Which one should I upgrade?
What program can I download to unzip files?
Why do people make fake Facebook account?
Help !?!?!? i need help writing this java class/ or a nudge ?
My CD Can only fit 80mins but 700mb ?
Facebook timeline..why does n't mine include 2014?
Why is if(i%2) the same as if(i%2!=0) in javascript?
Question about Twitter..I know I've asked a lot but please answer this is stressing me out SO much :'(?
About my computer project , the difference between a gaming and normal PC ?
Im 15 and want to start learning programming languages?
where can i find a selector like this that affects price for website?
Help! If I searched something on a public network can they see it?
What is the Solution? x4 + x3 + x2 + x = 0 ?
Help! If I searched something on a public network can they see it?
Is it possible to disable the feature where holding down the power button forces a shutdown?
iPad Mini or iPad Air?
How much money am I going to make from youtube?
Shader/memory/GPU clock, help please?
can i overclock my laptop proccsor?
I cannot delete an ikmage from the dropbox on an s3?
How to watch youtube video on android 4.2.1?
Constant 60 fps in CS:GO?
If a downloaded/ torrent file requires one to extract a zip into system32 folder, should I be suspicious?
Firefox wont load error can't loadXPCOM cant remove firefox in control panel. what is this?!!?
All my friends question why I'm not on Facebook?
Key on HP laptop not working?
how can I receive my channels over deleted youtube chanel?
How can I differentiate between two keyboards in Java coding?
Which one is better intel core2 quad Q9505 or amd fx 6300?
Should I get a faster CPU for this build?
Paint.net No Plugins are Installing?
Microsoft Word, any suggestions?
How do you make chrome extensions?
installing adobe audition CC, problems??
What's a good youtube account name?
Will someone confirm that my java project is correct (hot dog stand)?
I want to upgrade My graphics card?
How do I make a group abbreviation show up next to the display name in steam?
Having problems installing my new HP laptop. Need help!?
is this computer good for gaming? and if so what tier of games can it run.?
How to change my name in facebook?
Is it better to leave my computer on all the time or to shut it down when I dont use it.?
Screen Resolution Question?
How to fix a jupad in mixater?
Would an Haswell-E processor bottleneck a GTX 780?
Can anyone identify this font please?
Is \Viber\ safe to send personal Documents & details?
Why there are no mini-ITX form factor for LGA2011 sockets?
Is \Whats App\ safe to send personal Documents & details?
when i copy and paste text into a pages document.....?
BSOD possibly caused by USB wifi adapter?
Visual Basic 2010 - Save text line to array?
when i open my pendrive in the PC, it show files, folders in shortcut format & show the size only 1KB?
Mouse left button not work properly.?
How can I load any OS after dual boot?
reinstalling acer aspire one d255?
help! I vaccumed my laptop (compaq cq60 415ee) vents and now the fan seems stuck?
What about epson l210 ?
How to tell whats causing WHEA_UNCONTROLABLE_ERROR?
Is watching porn illegal?
Any sugeestions for my 3D video to the mp4 video format?
how can I add gnome 3 to bodhi linux ?
Best history searching search engine like Google...?
Are the formulas in Open Office Calc the same as in Microsoft Excel?
Any Website Which Can Detect my Computer / Mobile Screen Size and Provide me the right Resolution Wallpapers ?
I want to clone a video on my DVD but what is the best way?
Should I remove my laptop's battery while playing games ?
How to make those valentines?
How do i scan photos into my laptop?
ebay beyer protection question?
How to make those valentines?
What do you recommend for FM2 Socket Heatsinks?
How Do I Change The Language Of Internet Explorer 11?
Yo computer geniuses, show me steps about modifying the windows 7 registry to reset the duration of trial apps?
Is \Google it\ the answer to EVERY question?
Will this run like a Core i7?
What do you look for when you watch videos on youtube?
How to burn a DVD of a 2.35:1 aspect ratio mp4 vide file without distortion?
Is it better to connect my CPU radiator to cpu fan socket or pump?
is a lexmark 2580 printer compatible with a mbp 15\ 2.53?
What to do with small screen?
Printer Problems: Printer printing incorrectly.?
How many youtube accounts can you subscribe to?
Want to reactivate my Facebook account. Can they see me online?
Computer Science Java Help?
Bsod when playing games (LoL)?
CPU Cooler Installation?
Gtx 770 2gb for dual monitors?
My question is how to do a factory reset on dell xps m1530 on windows vista?
How to deauthorize Google Play Account?
How do you get on YouTube Poop?
What is the selector bar on the left of the screen on Ubuntu called?
Should I learn HTML for fun?
Can someone explain this to me in plain English.?
How to find more information about fb account?
What is good editing laptop?
Why does my 250 GB hard drive show up as a 74.4 hard drive? (Windows XP Latest service pack)?
What's the Dell i660-6988BK capable of?
starting with the ip address..?
Laptop doesn't have a disc drive?
Will an iMovie project play on pc?
Simple java \else\ statement not working?
Difference between notebook and laptop?
Can I fix this computer battery issue?
i cant delete an app on my pc?
getting fps drops after restoring my comp?
Can someone help me with a Tumblr problem?
The Oldest Desktop Rig You Use?
i downloaded a software that changed my registry?
How to kick someone off wifi with iphone?
Can anyone point me towards their favorite gamers on Youtube?
should I let my macbook pro with retina display battery to die ever?
How do i know if the parts of a Toshiba C855D-S5344 are compatible with a Toshiba C655-S5082?
My puppy ate my iPad wire?
Microsft office on flash drive?
Internet Explorer Error Message :Stopped working?
PLEASE READ- how long will wifi stay?
I clicked on a police virus page, should I be worried?
How do I fix loading problems on Facebook?
If It Isn't Blue Screen of Death than What Is It?
Can I reinstall Win 7 without affecting boot menu?
How do you format an ssd to NTFS?
What specific drivers do I have to get for a new laptop?
Is the Corsair CX500 compatible with the Asus M5A99X EVO R2.0?
Am building a budget gaming pc I am a starter at building pc so I need help?
Odd Google Chrome history problem!?
Should i get the Mac Book Air or the Windows Tablet?
If I backup my laptop will it save all my favourite bookmarks and/or channels I'm subscribed to on utube?
Need help with writing a program that involves arrays in C language?
Where have my itunes songs gone?
after installing new hard drive and windows 8 no internet (Wi-Fi or LAN)?
Where is my inbox in youtube?
Where is my inbox in youtube?
I got a NEW Asus computer, help with Administrator/Standard user permissions?
Can I dual up A10-6800K APU and XFX R7850 Core Edition?
removing microsoft visual c++ 2010 x86 redistributable - 10.0.30319?
I need help on making videos?
Is it illegal to film a video that was in youtube?
Is it illegal to create fake people on the internet?
Should I learn python 2 or 3?
how to cancel startup repair?
Do you know a website where i can watch Pirates of the Caribbean 4:stranger of tides free?
What Ethernet cable is best for 10/100Mbit Ethernet Interface?
I'm looking to buy a computer?
Why have you deleted the ability to print an article?
How can I resize my hard drive past the allowed amount on Windows 7?
Computer Shuts Down 3 Seconds after Turning On?
Is the MSI GTX 760 Twin Frozr Gaming 2GB a bad card?
Hard disk S.M.A.R.T command prompt failed?
I think somebody is watching me through my webcam?
My Hiberfil.sys, pagefile.sys and swapfile.sys are infected whith a virus. What shuld i do?
Question about reporting malware?
Arduino / Simple electronic question?
What is wrong with my computer and Minecraft?
Looking for the ideal laptop for me?
Do main computer and laptop have the same ip address?
iwork for snow leopard?
Is there a program that can put all my music at the same sound level?
Is Macbook Air good for my needs?
What do you think would be a good graphics card upgrade?
video card high temp?
What is better? Gaming pc?
need new tumblr blogs to follow?
There is a guy my mom is friends with on facebook and he is really dirty.?
Is there a delay between retail and Nintendo eShop release?
What are some good racing games for PC?
My Playstation wont pick up my Wifi!?
Help with Emerson 19' inch Flat Screen TV?
Where can I buy an iPhone case like this?
Need Help About Buying A Camera?
What's the difference between urbeats and urbeats se?
Playstation store under maintenance?
The battery in my iPod lasts for less than 2 hours. Is that normal?
Why won't it let me download O2 tracks?
What's a DSLR camera?
Is PS4 better or Xbox One?
XBOX 1 or PS4? Need help deciding..?
where and what kind of camera should I buy?
How do I connect an old original Xbox to a Sony HDTV. It has no yellow port?
Is a 4gb Xbox 360 enough storage space?
Can i play fallout 3 on this laptop?
Can I switch carrier but still keep my cell phone number in US?
Is it possible to upgrade the hard drive on the Xbox 360 E?
Which camera is this?
Do higher contrast or brightness causes a television to consume more energy ?
Cold weather effect shipping battery?
The apps on my iPad won't load?
Cheap but good microphone?
Should I get a smartphone, or HTC Android?
Suggest a Camera for a beginner.?
230V for 15 PC Fans...Is it possible?
Droid RAZR screen went black?
Is \BBM\ safe to send personal Documents & details?
Portable power socket?
If iphone drops calls sometimes,how to know fault is with service provider or phone?
will it be a good gaming pc please help me?
How can I put music from my Ipod onto my PC?
I Need Help For My Pc please help?
if i have 21.49 on my xbox live account can i buy a 14.99 thing and a 4.99 thing with tax?
Internet speed required for ps3 online gaming?
Need Help With My Samsung Galaxy S3? (10 points best answer)?
Do hdmi cables matter. For ps3?
Assembling a gaming pc under Rs.35000/-?
Way to track a number from an app?
Its about my ps3 and i need an answer.?
which is laser is more powerful/bright red 5mW green 5mW or purple/blue 5mW?
How do I permanently force close the app Samsung Music on my Android?
Plz tell can i use ubon u31 chinese earphones with iphone or not?
Canon T2i microphone?
will starbound be coming to ps4?
How to upgrade the system online?
I just recently switch from IPhone to a Galaxy S4, and i'm having trouble with my messaging?
What kind of tripod works for GE X450 Power Pro Camera?
Where to buy Xbox 360 slim shells?
Does the LG Optimus F7 (Boost Mobile) have NFC/Android Beam capability?
What is wrong with my ps3?
Three PS3 questions: AV, Type and \Light Gaming\?
What video game should I get?
when do these games come out for xbox one?
Good PS2 games? recommendations?
Anyone know why my HDTV has this weird picture problem (Picture)?
Why won't my nokia lumia 521 show as 4g?
BFBC 2 runs great, CoD: Black Ops not so much..?
Is this phone unlockable?
Why won't my tv switch to the HDMI input?
gta 5 help - buses help thanks?
Nexus5 or iphone 5s or note3?
Can I buy film for this Polaroid Land Camera?
If u could make an any app. What would it do?
can you text people in another country?
Is the Nintendo 2DS just for kids?
2 Player Adventure Game On Xbox?
I Need Help Choosing Tablet!?
Borderlands: A question about the humor?
How do you pause a game in Madden 25 for the PS4?
Upgrading my Phone through Amazon?
What happened to my S3, should I be worried? 10 points for best answer?
What is the generation for the iPhone 5s?
What is the generation of iPhone 5s?
Is the level 10m gaming mouse good?
Why is tmobile 4g/lte slow?
what to use tablet for?
What makes iPhones so great?
Wii U: Mario 3d world question?
Poll: Samsung android vs Nokia android. which will be your choice to buy?
Wireless adapter for Xbox controllers?
How to order a bundle on PC PartPicker.com?
What is the full dorm of tv?
What can I do to get the best tv antenna signal?
How much is it to upgrade to a new phone and how much is it to start a new contract with verizon?
If I put an AT&T sim card on an iPhone 5 will it work or do I have to unlock the iPhone?
Can you transfer compatible Android apps from iPhone to Android?
samsung exhibit questions and feature problems.?
Why does it say pending then sending when I try to send a MMS text to my boyfriend?
New phone with Verizon?
If you put your mobile phone against a security card does the security card stop working?
which phone carrier is cheapest for the iphone 5c?
Can iPhones download music not bought from iTunes?
Gaming settings for my samsung 26-inch HD led tv?
Is the moto g with tmobile?
Is it possible for a 60hz HDTV to cause soap opera effect?
What camera buying for myself?
My TV won't change channels.?
How to record TV with the JVC DRMV-80?
give me instructionss on how to download add-ons on xbox 360?
How can I connect xbox one or ps4 to a iMac?
call of duty ghost clan recruitment !!!(ps3)?
can you run emulators on xbox 360?
Will my Pc be able to run Skyrim at all? Please answer quickly :D!?
Is this a better gaming pc setup?
Help with low lighting conditions. Nikon D90?
How do I update Team Fortress 2?
Is the Wii U really a failure?
Does xbox one need same kind of xbox online redemption card as of 360?
I need advise on sending a current into a 12v battery using a doc motor?
How do I protect the Moto X?
Shall I buy the Xbox 360 or wait for Xbox One price drop?
Are you allowed legally to play a ps2 game on an emulator using a game (physical disc) that you own?
Can I Mod my ps3 versions of gta?
ipad sometimes loses wifi connection?
Can I record a video on my mac all day?
PS3 turned on at 3 am?
Can ps3 play online with someone with a ps4?
My phone was on airplane mode, will I be charged?
Is the next iPhone coming out soon or should I get the current iphone?
Why is Surface Pro 2 that expensive?
iPhone Vs Android OS?
Shall I get a 2DS or 3DS XL?
Can this receiver drive my Speakers?
Why Won't My iPod Turn On?
Are there any fable (like 1,2&3) or oblivion type games being made for ps4 or xbox1?
Borderlands: How to kill that stupid runner boss?
I recently baught an iPhone 3gs from some guy on craigslist and i think it might be stolen?
Just bought used PlayStation Vita and the parental code blocks me from reformatting.?
JPEG and Canon Photos?
My philips gogear ariaz SA2ARA04K/97 is not starting?
Will my pc run skyrim on ultra..?
if i do this will my xbox break?
I recently bought a Wii U?
Confused between Nikon AF-S DX 55-200 mm, AF-S DX 55-300 mm lenses And Nikon AF 70-300mm?
How many icons can you fit in iphone?
what games will run on...?
cool names for PS3 online ID? i want to make new account, five start to the best answer?
Trade samsung s3 or nexus 4 16gb for my iPod touch 5g?
If my family all got smartphones with verizon how much would it be a month for a phones data plan?
Is there any calling apps that work without wifi?
how do you upgrade a pay as you go phone?
My brother's Xbox friend has a crush on me...?
Wireless Headset for PS3?
My PS3's fan is blowing louder than ever?
Can I connect my wii to my computer?
How do I get my Wifi Calling app back on Nokia Lumia 521?
Where to get an I-Pod Classic for a good deal?
Instagram compatible phone?
How can I fix my beats solo?
A lot of messages in my iphone?
Help with FujiFilm s4830?
Why doesn't my electric guitar amplifier work right?
'Camera Failed' on Samsung Ace 2. Please help~?
safe way to backup my iphone text messages and notes? (+10 for best)?
Is the Lg g2 a good phone?
Where should I keep my polaroid films ?
What does \download\ mean on an iPod touch?
Problems and confusions Regarding my tv..?
How to logout from all my accounts of different websites from Sony Xperia Tipo?
Does Sony PS Vita Version 2.60 play FLV Video and read SRT SUBTITLE files?
Galaxy S III or iPhone 4S?
Which earphones are better ?
Should i buy different ND filters for my lenses?
My phone acts cray!Is it hacked?
How much could i get from gamestop if i trade in a ps3 with games and a xbox360?
Plz tell how can we know that previous owner of used iphone?
How many years later ps3 games will be made?
Can I run 2 audio wires to one speaker?
Call of Duty ghost xbox 360 question?
Is doki doki universe on ps3 still free?
My androide phone getting hang help please ...?
How to choose between these phones?
My friends tell me trading in games is pointless and I should sell on ebay, are they right?
Will Apple Give Me a New iPad For This?
My ps3 keeps freezing while In FIFA 14 career mode menus?
Motorola moto g vs galaxy core vs any other?
I have an old sony wega tv, model kf50we610. The picture just turned into a bunch of scrambled colors?
What exactly is the Steam Machine?
which phone is better samsung r micromax ?
Which is the best photo editor and camera app for android?
What temperature should my PC be?
What's the differences between the LED TV and LCD TV?
Can i run Gta IV? PC INFO INCLUDED.?
Sony Xperia L or Micromax A117?
Lumia 1520 vs iPhone 5s?
Anyone want to help with Need for Speed: Rivals achievements? (Xbox One)?
Before Caller ID and Call Return, could a switchboard operator tell you who had called?
My Iphone 5c screen came out a little ?
where to download free android games?
Gaming New PC Configs Pls Help me friends?
Questions for new flat phones (including Iphones) that are unlocked and/or have no contract...?
how do I change the email I used for my xbox without changing the gamertag?
Can I trade a PS3 at GameStop without an A/V Cable?
How to move to my Straight Talk service from a SIM card to a Micro SIM card?
Can i use a Wii cable as an Hdmi?
Dishonored: Does the game have perks?
If i digitally buy COD Ghosts on Xbox 360 and pay the 10 dollar fee on XboxOne, do I get it for both consoles?
My jailbroken iPod Touch 4th Generation is stuck at apple logo screen, help!?
What is the most expensive and fancy restaurant you have ever eaten at?
I recently was hired at Carls Jr, I was wondering what exactly do they go over during orientation ?
Refrigerating Subway Sandwiches?
what is the size of a pringle chip?
What do you like to order from Subway? What ingrediants?
Is it Andina restaurant in Portland Oregon expensive?
During an interview at a fast food restaurant?
Buffalo Wild Wings interview?
best time to go to panera bread?
I need some prom advice where do I take her to eat before prom?
BIG MAC LOVERS! WHAT SHOULD I CALL MY IDEA FOR THE BIG MAC?
How much would you tip a waiter in India?
Good video grapher in jayanagar bangalore?
What do people do in lounges?
How much are the Sausage McGriddles at McDonald's?
When you tell a waiter to \keep the change,\ what do they actually do with it?
How much should i tip the waitor at red lobster?
Reptile friendly vet in Los Angeles area?
is it true mcdonalds salads are more fating?
Have you tried the fish sandwich at Burger King?
how much would you pay for this dessert bar?
Bfs 19th birthday..dont know where to take him?
What motivates you to buy McDonalds or Chipotle (fast food)?
What's a good restaurant to visit?
what are some good restaurant names?
Can you go to Olive Garden and get unlimited salad and breadsticks without ordering anything else?
How do I send a complaint to Mcdonalds?
Restarunts with dress code?
Recomend any Starbucks Frappé's?
Which Burger do YOU like from Anywhere?
Stress at Dairy Queen?
What do you do at Taco Bell orientation?
does anyone know how to make real New Orleans pralines?
Do you find the Burger King mascot creepy?
Which items on McDonald's breakfast menu taste good?
What restaurants pay bus boys the best is massachusets?
does manitoba KFC serve grilled chicken?
Can you pay in cash at any restaurant?
Which will come with dessert?
big mac lovers! what should i call my idea for the big mac?
What dessert is on Chili's 2 for 20 menu?
Does this mean they will hire me.?
Would you get this at chipotle?
Why does this diner I'm in have a music box at every table that you put a quarter into?
I love chicken i swag to it?
KFC or Popeyes chicken.?
Whats the prices at Dave & Busters?
Can I use my KFC card at a long john silvers if its a long john silvers and kfc combo shop?
San Francisco to LA on highway 1 next April (four adults)?
Would you date someone that only took you to fast food restaurants?
Do fast food restaurants only hire people of certain age?
What take out dinner do you get once a week: pizza, sushi, chinese or fast food?
Tips for applying to mcdonalds?
How can I hide my food at the dinner table?
To those who work at Burger King?
What jobs are available when you turn 16?
I want to know... Is it possible?
Anyone that knows good popular clubs in London?
Did McDonald's use higher quality meat when it started in 1948?
what is good to get at california pizza kitchen?
Please help me with this!?
You have enjoyed sardine sandwiches smothered in ketchup on whole grain bread?
where do subway meats come from?
Where can I find a dance club on long island for 18+?
good Manhattan restaraunts?
How old do you have to be to be a cashier in CT?
how long is mcdonalds hiring process?? feels like its been forever!!?
In Vegas World how do you chat at the tables?
Poll: choose your favorite thin crust pizza Dominos or papa johns? And what do you like on it?
where can find gas dryer in oxnard,ventura and camarillo?
Kansas City, MO cuisine?
Do popeyes have online application or is it a print out?
Date ideas in Big Bear?
I ordered pizza and it was never delivered?
Do you like Starbucks?
How much money could i get at mcdonalds.?
Who is the brunet girl on the subway fit commercial?
why is it that at fast food places the meat on burgers is so thin now?
Anyone know any nice hole-in-the-wall places to eat in ATL where you don't have to tip? no wait service...?
do anyone know any jobs that hiring in the los angeles area?
Which fast food restaurant would you most like a $20 from?
is there an age restriction at the restaurant momo's in london?
Do you have the mcdonalds chicken legend with salsa or mayo?
I need to know about Wall St. Please?
what is the best brazilian steakhouse in san antonio.?
How much cleavage is appropriate?
How much cleavage is appropriate?
How much cleavage is appropriate?
Mujhe kon sa rashi ratn pahan na chaiye, my dob009 101989?
does anyone know if Burger King pays holiday pay for New years?
Is there any good tamilnadu style hotels in koramangala or madivala area in bangalore?
who is sarahosmond90?
Cal Poly Pomona OR UCR?
Places to rent out for a 16th birthday Indianapolis?
is there a Boston Pizza in Boston or is it just a name us Canadians came up with?
Why has my pizzeria slowed down so much?
How often do you go out to eat?
Is there anything world famous in Portland, Oregon?
What did I possibly do wrong in my Pizza Hut interview? They didn't hire me :p?
In downtown chicago for weekend. Help!?
My Friend got hit by a car what do I do?
What makes a restaurant worth your while?
when do waffle house employees get paid? I know they get paid weekly in cash, but is it on fridays or mondays?
Where can I get the most cash back with debit card purchase?
Does anyone know any good black swinger clubs in Houston me and my wife can go to ??
Can you staple a resume to a Burger King application?
Where to go on a first date besides a movie and dinner?
why can't i get a job, fast food, retail, non white collar?
What food do Mcdonalds serve that isn't available in the UK?
Not been receiving TIPs at work.?
how much is coke is in McDonalds?
Starting at Subway today?
in Bronx NYC need help?
How much does a big Mac cost in your country, state, city?
which is better? Dominos or Papa John's?
when u eat a hamburger how long does it take from entrance to exit?
Best places to go on a night out in London?
Best clubs in London for chart music?
can i get a list of old stores in the 90s?
What do you think about people who dine alone?
im 14 where in sydney is the best place to apply?
wut are the best restaurants in karachi ?
Where can I find business values, code of ethics, etc., on the Burger King website?
Any Subway employees know about this?
Restaurants/Attractions Near Briar Street Theatre (Chicago Il)?
Bottle Service, Clubs, VIP?
How to memorize the Jimmy Johns menu?
Did I not get the job? subway?
why did golden carrol in san bernardino ca closed?
Is there something signature from Sonic Drive-In?
Can Burger King food be any healthy?
Who sold the \Super Taco\?
18th birthday dinner in nyc?
What is the nicest restaurant in Grand Rapids?
Does anyone know what kind of salsa Pizza Hut uses for their nachos (UK)?
Where to star gaze near Richmond, Virginia (VCU)?
Romantic Hotel/Dining Packages in Boston, MA?
Why doesn't any pizza restaurant in Kentucky sell cheese sauce?
Delivering Pizzas for free?
do you need experience to work at panera bread?
does Burger King sell smoothies at night?...?
Fuddruckers for my 17 birthday tomorrow ?
Is red robins more cheap or is ruby Tuesday more cheap?
How can I find the ones that have worked at the Hard Rock Cafe at Universal Studios In Orlando?
Has anyone recently dined at Blue Elephant Thai restaurant in London?
What is the best restaurant to take a date to in San Diego?
What are some good victorian, gothic or quirky restaurants/bars in London?
Can you photocopy [fast food] coupons with no bar code/number code? (Arby's)?
Can i work in Mcdonalds and another fast food restuarant?
Do McDonald's sell hotdogs?
Where can I buy Bavaria Premium Non-alcoholic Malt (0.0%) - 24 x 330ml bottles near St. Louis, MO?
Hooters, Tilted Kilt and Twin Peaks?
name some Jewish Restaurants in Toronto?
Answer this................?
Where to take mum for her birthday?!?
Where is the best place to stay in Neyork?
Is there a McDonalds in Bangladesh yet ????????
what is the comparison of customers satisfaction between mcD and Burger King?HELP!?
Is forgetting your leftovers at restauraunt a waste of money?
How do youget to sf using bart from san jose?
what task do you think they will give me at hungry jack's?
is there a dress code for pub moon and stars romford?
What task do you think they will give me at hungry jack's?
Suggestion for 60th birthday program/itinerary?
I work at McDonald's and why my name is on their cash register machine?
Spaniards, I need your help?
Best place, best prices for ordering parts for your car online best prices, quality etc?
When do food borne illness symptoms start to appear?
Is it safe to eat raw cow intestines?
Shisha place for all age in MONTREAL?
Are there any teen nightclubs in or close to Boston?
How can I tell if a phone interview went well?
*10 POINTS FAST!!!!*will it mold or something?
how long is McDonalds orientation?
What are the pros if Starbucks?
What buffet in Las Vegas would u go to BACCHANAL Buffet or village village at Rio?
interview for fastfood?
What can I do to gain respect from coworkers?
Breakfast at a strip club?
is the bubba gump shimp placed owned by the forest gump movie people ?
Accidentally ordered food at panda express without money, any consequences?
What's good at Domino's?
Mississauga Ontario. No good poutine found after a year! why? :(?
What's your favorite item on the Dollar Menu & More at McDonalds?
restaurants accepting EBT in S.F., Ca.?
$5 footlongs vs. party sub for birthday party?
Are these good seats at the Tacoma Dome?
Are stuffed nachos really good?
Portland Beaverton area Childcare, Am I underpaid?
What does PST mean on restaurant bill?
Pizza Hut delivery driver interview?
how much money should i bring to a cheesecake factory?
is sushi good? please tell me !!?
Do restaurants always throw away their left overs?
Where's the best place to try Absinthe in New Orleans?
Where Can I Get Chicken Wings In Saudi Arabia Riyadh!?
what do you usually order when you get subway?
Do you like to eat unlimited pizza at Ahmedabad?
How much money should I bring to the Cheesecake Factory?
Where are good places to eat in Ballina or Foxford?
Did I solve this differential equation correctly?
systems of equations word problems!! please help??!!!?
High school people are so.....?
A.A vs A.S in Natural Science?
Need answer In 1 minute- ' Hoards ' is an example of a?
how many ap classes do most people take?
What is meaning of 'There's More To It'?
How many litres of alcohol are contained in 465 litres of a gasohol mixture that is 5.3% alcohol by volume?
find differential equation?
My school gives to much homework?
Pre-AP class before AP class?
What does \Hours: 32F/11P-7A/EOW/EOH\ mean?
Can you help me with these questions ?
Would this question be grammatically correct?
Should I take college morning or evening classes?
What part of speech is \Make me your Aphrodite\?
Are these sentences correct? ?
Did Mrs. Dalloway, 1997 film, recieve any awards?
Help! Question about china for homework!!?
Anyone else club seals?
Please need help with 2 logic problems:?
Girls gym class (beep test)?
How do you find a function given its local min. and max.?
Best locations in France to study abroad?
Help with math questions?
Can someone help me? (language arts)?
How long does it take for Global Forever Stamps on letter to arrive?
Confusing trig function problem?
Is this a good science project for Junior High?
Help! College tuition is listed per semester or academic year (spring and fall semesters)?
what is goood moral value?
Do you \make do\ or \make due?\?
paying for school online but i only have a debit card?
How to determine semester hours?
Solve 3/4(d-8)=2/3(d+1)?
Will a B+ affect my future?
another way to reword this sentence?
Urgent - maths help please!?
Is there a single word that describes story-writing, like the idea of writing your own life story?
my college application/ just curious?
In the state of Ohio, are there any additional requirements IEP students must fulfill in order to graduate?
Should Smoking Be Banned? Persuasive Essay Help I will give points to first good answer!?
another way to reword this sentence?
Are Regular Bees more dangerous than Killer Bees, Another Question as well!?
What does the 7th Cent. A.D. mean?
Help with writing an essay? I don't fully understand what I should talk about..?
History, Hitler question?
Please help! I need some advice about my GCSE's?
Is this grammatically correct: \Everybody shall sat down\!?
I don't even know anymore?
Where can I find primary sources on imperialism in India?
Is there a word for the literary device whereby a character's name reflects their personality?
In flvs(florida virtual school), can I submit a blank assignment to take a zero?
A curve has the equation x^3y^2 + x^3 -y^3 +9y = 0 . Find the coordinates of the three points at which dy/dx=0?
What is the world hardest word?
How can I improve this introduction?
Colleges better than IU but worse than Ivy League?
what is a word for cave dwellers?
what does the fox say?
how important is foreign language class to colleges?
Is putting a comma before \and\ optional?
How to get good grades?
should i go back to public school or stay home schooled?
is it ok for a teacher to call me this?
Where can i find scholarships?
do you think I am I dyslexic?
List all the ways we use rivers for enjoyment and leisure?
Should I begin my college essay as a sophmore in high school?
GCSE Probability Questions? HELP!?
If A U B = empty set, what is the relationship between sets A and B?
Math Help!!! Find the discriminant of 3X^2+2=-62?
Does college prowler have accurate nightlife rankings?
ESL: \If he comes in now would you help him?\ or \If he come in now would you help him?\?
Should I give college one more shot?
can someone please help me figure this math problem out?
Help rewording \I do not appreciate your humor in this\?
Homework help please?
would someone check my grammar if correct?
How can i thank a teacher through words?
Writing an article on cyber bullying?
Math homework helpppp please :)?
Does it mean something?
Trigonometry Identity Help: cos^2 3x - cos^2 x= - sin2xsin4x?
Should I drop Math Analysis class?
How to concentrate or get focused on studies ?
English homework! Due tomorrow!! HELP!!?
Can I schedule a tour around NYU?
Do collages look at your grades for 9th grade?
Can you help me to understand this text please?
Pls help to make the correct sentence?
Pls help to make the correct sentence.?
My son who is in kindergarten was taken to the library by his School.?
Which sentence is grammatically correct(English)?
I have a few questions of my physics home work. I am in grade 7 please help me.?
I just felt a drop, I think it is raining or I just felt a drop, I think it is going to rain?
Is it bad that I'll be placed in beginning Algebra in college?
How much is it for a UK student to study medicine in Canada?
can someone explain me the meaning of decadence in easy to understand? xD?
Which sentence is grammatically correct? (English)?
Question to Inequality?
Pls help.. I don't want to go to class (tuitions) tday..!?
Aviation management after B.Tech in aeronautical engineering ?
I want to study abroad and i have 2 options. Should i pick Germany or America/Canada?
Do you have to pay for homeschooling?
Hello everyone! I am a final year aeronautical engineering student. I Need great suggestions regarding career.?
How can I fix this sentence(10 points)?
need help with class 12th biology.?
What is the full form of SEX?
What uni course would be best?
How do you pronounce the word 'subtle'?
Is The SAT Hard? please answer I need help!?!?
I need some help with Algebra please! ASAP?
How to score better in SAT?
I need help explaining a quote by Plato?
Of Mice and Men homework help?
What are some big, cool words?
Help with student loans?
is it better to go to a community college or a 4 year university?
Two lines cut by a transversal????? 10 POINTS?
I NEED HELP STUDYING!!?
Human Interest Story?
How many numbers in pi can you remember?
What does \a lush woman\ means physically speaking?
What can i possible get the topic of my group discussion tomorrow?
I have the flu and might miss first day of college?
is it \i accept your apology\ or \i accept your apologize\?
Can a hockey stick and a lacrosse stick be used as weapons?
Is the word dime short for dime a dozen? If so does if mean youre a 10 on 100 if someone calls you that?
How can I move to canada for senior year of high school?
Why was the constitution important in the time period in which it was created?
Transferring college because it's too easy?
Public speaking tips?
Is homeschooling right for me?
What are the Preparations ??????
Is getting in trouble with your teacher for doing something the teacher did bad?
What's meant by \keep up to date\?
I need help with possessive forms...?
I need help writing this as formally and professionally as possible.?
high school student in Florida. thinking about Online school. help?
Is this a good essay? has to relate to a chosen quote.?
How can u explain density in one small paragraph? PLEASE HELP?
I need help I am terribly lost on this problem below?
Simplifying rational expressions help?
What song should i use on my power point about the state of Indiana? ASAP?
How to solve tanx=?1-x^2?
What is a simple predicate?
What is a simple predicate?
Listening comprehension problems. Will you help?
How to teach a class the 13 colonies, in the order in which they ratified the Constitution?
find differential equation?
How do you find the PERFECT college?
Find two points that have distance 3 from the origin and distance 2 from (2,0)?
Ten points! What is it meant by 'qualified' here in this context?
What AP classes should I take ?
Any advice concerning autodidactism?
How can I bring my grades up?
What were the three important cities of Edo Japan and what functions did they have?
Instead of saying \conquer yourself\ how can that be said in a more positive way?
How to solve this equation using logs?
Should I do electrical or petroleum engineering?
is online school better for people who don't learn the same?
A woman is a widow, a man is a ...?
Suppose $400 is deposited in an account on the first day of the year 2000. This same amount is deposited each?
University of Ottawa Re-registering in a course question.?
PLEASE HELP!!! I need algebra help?
link words quiz can anyone help me please?
Are community service hours really important to Universities?
how many licks dose it take to get to the center of a tootsie pop?
Can teens with special education still get into a good university?
High school physics question. Please help!?
Which should I go for, Pharmacist, Teacher, Therapist or Speech Pathologist. (Im a SR. In High School)?
Help with alegebra questions?
Please help with my homework .. HELP !! Please and thanks !!!(:?
CAN I GET OUT OF THIS?!?!?! PLEASE PLEASE ANSWER!?
Biological Science Degree to BSN?
did I do this trig question correctly?
Argumentative essay/speech topic?
Is there a word that means: You as a person?
I don't want to go to college.?
I need help editing this paragraph (grammar punctuation spelling)?
What are the educational and skill requirements to be a Veterinary Pharmacist?
help me with a name for my story?
I owe $20k in school loans. Don't have associates degree?
specific steps to becoming a plastic surgeon?
How to get good handwriting?
What Are Some Good Words For The Word Sad Or Mad?
What is the height of big show?
What is the full form of hspa?
What do I need to get in order to pass the semester?
Have a crush on a teacher?
What does it mean when a guy ask you if you drink ?
Can you have 2 major careers?
Are these considered/counted as girlfights?
Why is Christmas greeted as \Merry Christmas\ instead of \Happy Christmas\?
what does conditionally accepted into an apartmemt mean?
ASAP SSAT HELP PLEASE?
***10 PTS!*** Topic Sentence for Personal Narrative?
What is the slant length of this pyramid?
Fill-in-the-blanks of the following two-column proof?
Grammar help please? 10 pts to best answer!?
Why we cant download & save free music in particular app in windows phones like apple?
What if you were a giant?
Why windows phones are so crap that they need computer to make email account?
what was the movie called?
LIBRA MEN: DO YOU PLAY GAMES WITH GIRLS YOU LIKE?
Who do you want to be your prince charming?
The Legend of Korra: Avatar Wan is...?
The Legend of Korra: Avatar Wan is...?
The Legend of Korra: Avatar Wan is...?
Did you ever notice in the Star Trek TV series that no one ever went to the bathroom?
How difficult is it to find a cat obedience trainer in the phone book?
Survey - Did you ever lay down on the grass and looked up at the sky?
Octave range? Help music ppl?
In your opinion, how many years is one generation (as in having grown up with the same stuff)?
RHH: Is Big K.R.I.T.'s mixtape 4 Eva N a day really free?
True or False: You have school tomorrow?
have you ever had to go through divorce?
What are these people actually doing when they make an anime?
Survey:Who is your favorite Sacha Baron Cohen character?
how do females feel on her mans stag night?
Do you have more than a handful?
poll: party now and study later or study now party later?
What song/instrument is this?
Why did you go to the Emergency Room?
What is the best word?
Straight Guys: What would you do in this situation?
Poll:Do you like ownagepranks on Youtube?
How come some marijuana smells like a skunk and some has a normal pot smell?
do you think this is average/thick/curvy/fat/ HONEST?
-poll- Which of the codes below do you find LOL funny and which ones not so much ..?
With all of the dirt he had to deal with, did Mr. Clean have a filthy mind?
Poll: What would I give to live where you are?
Do you know any drug dealers?
Does it make you feel better about yourself to give people a thumbs down?
Poll: Do you thumbs up everybody's answer when you ask a question?
Describe yourself in one word?
What was the name of the amphibious car on this weeks The Bachelor?
Poll: How come when someone says they're ugly when they're not?
Have you ever slipped and fell walking in the snow?
Poll: Do you think you're ugly?
Would you rather have many friends and have an average amount of money or be rich and have 1 or two friends?
Poll: Your thoughts on this...?
Poll: What is your body type?
Do you ever get annoyed at someone just by looking at them?
I literally feel like I'm going to be sick do I have your permission go miss class this one time?
Like or Dislike: girls in bikinis?
When was the last time you cried?
Poll: Do you have big breast?
So question on libras!!!?
Poll: Do you have a big butt?
poll, how often does this happen?
Poll: Are you a cyber bully?
Do you have any weird interests?
Degrassi 2014 Season Premier Question?
What is the meaning of life?
Why are all my records that i buy warped?
Poll: Do you have good comebacks?
Im black and I listen to rock music?
What is something your family makes fun of you for?
Do you like girl scout cookies?
Do you like spicy foods?
What is this songs name?
Do Claire Danes, Thora Birch and Drew Barrymore kinda lookalike?
My Dad yelled at me because I like KPOP?
What do girls do when guys kiss their necks?
Are All Time Low concerts safe?
What colour is this actress' hair in this picture?
How old do you have to be in virginia to go see a rated R movie?
Tittle of a movie question!?
are women with daddy issues easy to pull?
What is the best use of $10?
Describe Russia in one word?
what does it mean when a leo girl say they miss you?
Would you come if I invited you to a gourmet meal?
Have you ever considered moving to Azerbaijan?
Describe Azerbaijan in one word?
Country Songs to sing for a School Talent Show?
Survey: How would you react if?
Poll: Why are you acting salty?
Do you watch Family Guy?
list favorite to least favorite.?
In your opinion, how many years is one generation (as in having grown up with the same stuff)?
What is it that makes you decide whether or not a person is extremely smart (as in a genius)?
Are people on y!a oversensitive these days?
what are some korean dramas that are sad and romantic on dramafever.com or anything that has a 5 star lol?
For the year you were born, what movie won the Academy Award for Best Picture?
Do you have kids «O»_«O»?
What is the name of the movie where a guy is obsessed with a model/actress.?
Whats with peoples anime taste?
Good anime to watch?!?
Question time if you want a comparison?
In your opinion, is childhood over at by age 18?
In your opinion, is childhood over by age 17?
Which sandwich you like most?
Trying to find song that goes \uh oh, uh oh\?
In your opinion, is childhood over at 13?
Who do you like better? Rihanna or Beyonce?
If you were to eat at McDonalds right now what would you order?
What things are inappropriate to do in front of babies and pets even though you think they.....?
Do you care if I tell people that we are friends and hang out all the time?
When you talk to people do you ever maintain eye contact with them for 20 or more seconds?
In the movie Hunger games:Catching Fire why was the mockingjay sign so bad?
Would you eat a potato chip found in the crack of your couch knowing that you last ate chips two days ago?
i missed the grammy's who won?
Many hindi or bengali movie lip to lip kissing,so is it original kissing?
Is the sky falling&#32;&#32;?
Poll: Life is one big party when your still young so wants to get drunk and party it up?
Should I quit my day job at the astronomy observatory where I work? Nothing is showing up on the telescope.?
ANIME QUESTION: Link to an unanswered question?
What is this song called?
Is it just a cosmic coincidence that the Universe is expanding at the very same time my waist is?
What happened to the Little Engine That Could.\ Did it start a new career as a motivational speaker?
Which band is better: Nirvana or Soundgarden?
Choose a Movie from this List?
Do you look back at high school and laugh?
When you see a couple making out or kissing in public, what do you do?
Who decides what is \trending\?
Is this a typical teenage thing?
some tv show like prison break?
Can you make homemade brownies without waking roommates?
Should you ever let someone leave the house angry?
you are the best person in the world?
Could i successfully cosplay as Katara from Avatar: The Last Airbender?
what are some of your pet peeves?
Is it rude to talk on your cellphone while at the checkout line?
Anime guys and girls please answer!?
What do you think of this song?
Whats your mood right now?
What holiday is your least favorite?
What's a word or phrase that always makes you laugh?
Poll: Which is better:The Simpsons, American Dad or Family Guy?
Have you ever held a boomerang?
Poll: Do you sometimes want to punch reporter trolls in the face?
Who do you think will win the Superbowl?
Poll: What is your relationship status?
What is the shortest book you ever read?
What can I do to clean my guitars?
Survey: What's your pick. students?
Is Pascal's Wager a safe bet on a soft 17 when playing black jack?
Poll: If you were a celebrity...?
Why seeing a person sing live give me chills but recordings don't?
I got 99 problems but ____________ aint one?
Am I supposed to feel air passing through the mouhpeice of my Flite?
Because of his obesity as a baby, where was Governor Chris Christie baptized?
What do you think of my joke?
Which of the Robertsons on the Duck Dynasty TV Show is most likely to believe in existentialism?
Does your dream feel better than real life?
What music do you like?
Can you make a sentence describing yourself using these words ?
Who do you think are the future legends?
Is a gun/pistol a melee weapon?
Have you ever snorted Smarties candies?
which part of your home is usually messy and which is the cleanest?
What do you guys think about on your first day of class?
Does anybody know know some songs?
Which Parent Trap movie was better?
What is a song that contains a steel drum/ drums?
Would u consider 32 young or middle-aged?
What is the best way to get urine out of clothes?
Who would you rather spend your time with?
What scenes in Titanic did you like?
Does anybody know the movie or actress in this video?
what animal has the biggest ears?
what are pervert ecchi action and english dub anime to watch i like pervy ecchi action anime?
Would this idea for a manga be too similar to other mangas?
Who do you like, Dakota Fanning or Kristen Stewart?
Did you know that by answering this question...?
How can I make my own tv show?
RHH : What is your rap song of the day?
If you can't have your cake and eat it too...?
Have you tried the new carmel flan frap at Starbucks?
Artists/Songs like this?
How much does a set of men's thermals cost at Dollar General?
what's your favorite young adult book?
What is it about this question that keeps getting it banned?
Why are the female species so obsessed with cheese cake?
What makes my friend very horny in his birth chart?
what is the best way to sell an antique piano?
Have you ever heard anything about the birth control pill causing cancer?
Who sings the henry hugglemonster theme song?
Is my PSN name creative?? 10 points short...?
RHH: Explain Why Nas Is Better Than Hopsin?
10 POINTS: Does my story like a rip-off of Attack on Titan?
Do you ask someone out or wait for them to ask you?
POLL: how do you get straight As' on your report card?
How come I'm not getting any reviews?
Is the nature scenes in The Hobbit movie real ?
What's your favorite or least favorite Arnold Schwarzenegger film?
what type of phone do you have?
Poll - What comes to mind when you hear the word \Heaven\?
Poll: how can I talk to my parents that I don't want to do an arranged marriage. ..?
RHH: Too 10 Rappers Ever?
What does it mean when someone asks me if I was \flicking my bean\?
POLL: Are you or a family member or someone you know - diabetic?
what are some country songs about falling for your best friend?
is paradise kiss any good?
What is bred in the bone will come out in the flesh?
I need new list of good anime pls!!?
who are all 12 diary owners? MIrai Nikki?
Why do girls not like nerdy looking guys?
Should land be owned?
If the temperature of the earths atmosphere?
if i was born in 1997 what year was i in 1st grade 1st grade year?
About earths energy balance?
What is the climate of Iceland? (The coldest & warmest expected temps, and average if possible) tyvm!?
Do you think I'll have school tomorrow?
Do people who believe in Global Warming also believe that you get to keep your doctor.?
Do people who think Global Warming is fake believe in other conspiracy theories?
Does shadow have a colour?
how many in here do you think are truly interested in this topic?
A question for Global Warmers?
A question for Global Warmers?
Is shingle on the beach more likely to be of an irregular size before or after sea defences?
At what stage are you?
How come people who believe in global warming are big polluters?
Is science broken, according to cracked it is?
Are engineers most skeptical about global warming?
If Niel Young really wants to change the world?
How come Global Warming has turned out to be Global Cooling?
Why did the U.S. have warming between 1909 and 1939?
Did you know that CO2 in the thermosphere?
How come Global Warming believers don't consider illegal aliens in their efforts?
is there a maximum point of heat that a certin fuel can produce?
What is a term for he average condition in an area?
So if you have rats in your house for a while then they have to get their period eventually so is there...?
Why have polythene bags replaced paper bags?
Just read there's gonna be a new little ice age.?
Is nuclear power plant the only energy solution for future?
What are the winters like in Calgary, Alberta?
Is It the Sun after all?
Is there climate change corruption?
What evidence do we have that CO2 is causing warming?
Climate Change In California?
Is there any evidence that could possibly counter the theory of Global Warming?
Is the fact about the government and Global Warming?
Is there Natural Attenuation in Global Warming?
Can you list any of the scientists that advocated for Global Cooling AND Global Warming?
Examples needed for Global Warming Speech?
Is Global Warming just a planned HOAX?
Question about Climate Change and Global Warming?
how much energy can we generate by a homemade windmills?
Does this help you visualize the Polar Vortex?
Which is more environmentally friendly option (there's more)?
Can you charge solar panels with phosphorous light?
How many of the climate models from 1990 predicted the 15 year flat lining of temperature increases we have?
does national geographic lie?
Where can i buy marijuana recreationally in Colorado?
What are your experiences with a rainwater harvesting system?
Information on two organisations that help the environment?
What car is the most fuel efficient and reliable to drive 500 miles daily?
What is Mankind's survival most threatened by--huge asteroids' strike,global warming or nuclear wars?
What's Better for Recycling Plastic Bags ?
Does a single train journey produce less carbon dioxide than a higway ride on a small car with one passenger?
If Global Warming is a hoax, who stands to gain from it and how?
i have 50watt solar panel and 80amp battery, how much time would it take to charge?
What do i need to do as I feel I needed a break from this hectic life?
If polar ice melts will we have more or less heat from the sun?
What do you think about this guy shooting an endangered black rhino?
What do you think about this guy shooting an endangered black rhino?
How did they get hydrogen for a zeppelin?
Is Smokey Bear still around?
How many users of the Global Warming section qualify as real Meteorologists?
How do Humans impact The climate be specific?
How is global warming a bad thing?
Does the record heat prove global warming? Note: Sarcasm?
Does the EPA chief know if the planet has got warmer?
How do wind patterns change as a result of climate change?
Is global warming a back door to socialism?
Who knows whether any scientist has already calculated how many more years this planet will be livable?
Do global warming alarmists support genocide?
Should I wear boots or tennis shoes while playing airsoft?
It's been awhile since this type of question has been asked in the GW section.?
Dolphins are our friends?
How to be Popular in High School?
pls suggest me a conclusion for a project on solar energy?
Is this our climate sensitivity to CO2?
how are vacation homes helpful ?
quaga is a separate spices or a subspecies of zebra?
name for robo race in sanskrit?
So-Called \Climate Change\ and Terrorism?
So-called \Climate Change\...... and our children?
how does kinetic energy change to potential energy (urgent)?
What is sound energy?
Am I the only one to consider deforestation as even worse than any other environmental problem?
I've never see a change inTechnology?
I feel so ignored in my history class.. read description?
can a raccoon that's been dead for a month?
WHY DOES MY MOM HATE ME?
Question about electric bill in Mesa Az?
Anyone on the northern east coast?
Why isn't more use made of hydrogen?
What animals live in the canadian shield and why?
What would happen to the global fight against climate change if WW3 break out?
What can you tell me about 'layers' in the atmosphere?
How the 3 Rs can prolong petroleum supplies?
Tell me everything you know about typhoons?
Why are Electric cars better, in terms of oil? + points?
dose passive transport requires the cells own energy?
How does carbon in the atmosphere relate to climate change?
How can I find out where to pan for gold legally?
i dont think can get high?
What's a brownfield site called if it's clean?
D'you have water charges in your country?Expensive?In Ireland we didn't,they're introducing them?
Why do people get emotional when they see Whales and Dolphin related topics on internet?
Environmental Senior Project for High School??
In a food chain, which trophic level contains the greatest amount of energy?
how to choose motor rating for electric car?
why is there conflict onto whether global warming is caused by human activity?
How can a peaceful and contained place be linked to the wider world?
Is Inconvenient Truth a bunch of bald faced lies?
Can someone make a bird fly at the camera?
Best ideas on rhino conservation?
Apart from Mahanagar Gas which are other players who provides pipe gas services?
in which cities mahanagar gas is available?
can i get an explanation on industrial pollutuion along with pollution?
Who's with me on this?
can peole tell which windmills are the bird safe slower ones just by looking at them?
being Canada produces 20% of the worlds clean drinking water. Are Canadians concerned about he massive tar san?
Will the next ice age start within 2000yrs?
how do i get drunk without consuming alcohol?
What wildlife do you see in your neighbourhood...?
Please answer.....hunting question?
Are We Living In The Last Days?
How many animals used in research are protected under the Animal Welfare Act?
Aim and conclusion for change in locality?
Which do you think is more dangerous?
Want to be independent but cant keep employment?
Eucalyptus dalrympleana Mountain Gum.?
Why don't they desalinate sea water to provide fresh water to arid and drought affected areas?
Opinions on society these days? READ!?
I stepped on a spider, and don't know how to get its guts off my shoe please help!?
I am at my parent's caravan in a caravan park and it's so lame?
Is climate change specific on the place that pollutes the most?
How can you not be afraid of the dark?
How to clean maggots from bone?
what are the 5 different energy transfers?
How long does it take for a headstone to be added on a gravesite?
the recycling process?
how does climate influence mass wasting? Also, intuitively, it would seem that rainy climates would be most s?
deforestation increases the greenhouse effect on earth because deforestation causes the atmosphere to contain?
The actual goal of the climatism is to liquidate democracy, freedom, and prosperity in the world?
Why are future tellers like Nostradamus and climate scientists so negative about it? Sure there'll be bad?
what is one thing a community can do to lower their emissions of carbon dioxide?
The ability of estrogens to effect certain cells?
When 2015 is over, will denialists still be saying that it has been 17 years without statistically significant?
Describe one management measure that can be used to conserve the biosphere?
What are the best ways to conserve solar energy?
Would you help greenpeace?
Need Help With Civilian Conservation Corps?
what can my neighbours do about my loud music in the daytime?
Sky Rocketing Electric Bill?
Is this a valid climate projection comparison?
Does CAT have an engine which will use Sweet Light Crude oil for fuel?
how come half of the nonorganic oranges taste so bad but nonorganic orangejuice tastes ok?
Almost five years ago, the \pause\ was ten years long?
how does nuclear energy impact the environment?
Who's fed up with UK fuel being expensive like petrol?
What does thick smoke smell like?
For those who complain about extreme weather, what would they think after taking a trip to Venus and Mars?
What are your global surface temperature predictions for the next 15 years?
Did you realise that 40% of the Brits?
has the black rhino officially gone extinct?
Did dinosaur's die because of man made climate change?Didn't they eat enough Greenies? Was it natural?
leiomyoma with hyaline change?
The game is finally up for carboncrats, is the global warming hoax on it's last legs?
What are some of the endangered animals with any letter you choose?
what environmental hazards from hosing down cleaning solvent spills?
human induced disasters in India?
Does the National Scientific Academy?
Should I go to sleep?
So do we really kill our planet?
Do you think man made climate change is real?
In terms of energy, what is the difference between glucose and ATP?
Why are blue crabs expected to grow larger shells due to climate change?
Are you really an environmentalist?
Is reduced solar activity causing the non existent global warming pause.?
what are some suggestions to help out the food system?
Tips for first time smoking weed?
Tips for first time smoking weed?
use a battery as an example to explain the law of conservation of energy?
How does global warming effect the USA?
Where are paying recycle canters in Minnesota!?!?! PLEASE HELP!!?
is there fire in cells?
How is climate change connected/related to physics?
How is climate change connected with chemistry?
Is climate change driving cold snaps?
examples of potential energy?
How is climate change connected with physics?
What species have suffered catastrophic consequences through AGW?
WHY Is This girl keep staring at me ( were both girls )?
do you need shots if your going to europe from america?
Has the climate change supporter the Sydney Morning Herald?
In which case will electric current be induced in a coil of wire?
Is anyone doing a giveaway?
What is so bad about fracking? (Not a typo!)?
What is the law of conservation of energy?
Solar electric go kart help?
Is recycling bad for the environment?
What did Albert Einstein say about global warming?
How to get more Responses for My Survey on Global Warming ?
I like this girl overseas and i can't see her?
Why do females chase after guys they cant have ?
I feel like what my school did was unfair...?
Guys, what does you're ideal girl look like?
How can i stop liking her?
Is it okay that my bofriend and his ex are best friends..?
What do I tell my brother about him being engaged to a girl who doesn't know what she wants?
read this conversation and tell me what she meant please.?
My boyfriend wants to take a break?
Being harassed by ex-crush? I'll answer yours?
scared of future??help?
guys what do u think of me ?
I could use some help please?
Is she a bad friend or am I?
I think forming a family is a stupid idea?
Cheating Boyfriend & His Messy Bothers. I Need Advice. NO Rude Advice :\\?
Men, how do you know a woman is dominant?
Should i trust him on this?
Why did my friend just leave us?
Women only please need help with a women.?
What is the proper way to ask a mature woman out.?
This girl I like keeps calling me a dork?
My crush started ignoring me?
How do I work on my cruelty?
I have a boyfriend but I am still deeply in love with my ex? Help?
My girlfriend still logs on the dating site we met on, should I be worried?
Was is it with men that never reply??? Why don't they reply?
My grandma prefers a molester than her daughter!? help!!?
guys opinions please?
my gf is rating people on instagram?
She responds to my texts, but ignores me at school?
why are boys/ men are so whiny now?!?!?!?
A teacher saw me and my boyfriend kiss?
Girls what do you Think about guys that hang out by themselves?
Is there a song that describes my breakup?
Is my dad considered an old father?
Need some answers? Please :)?
Is it bad to have 3 crushes?
i need help so bad, my ex and our problems?
Mom told me to shut up, so I said it back. Now what?
I went my first date tonight with this girl but she wouldn't kiss me, why?
What do I do while my boyfriend kisses my neck?
My parents get in a lot of arguments?
My gf says I have a big butt?
When a woman won't date you but says i wish my boyfriend was more like you. What does this mean?
I am confused about this guy?
I feel \embarrassed\ because my girlfriend is fat, advice?
General Question for help?
If a man becomes physically violent towards their partner while drinking should they quit drinking?
I asked her to prom and she said \I'll see\?
Should I get back with her?
Pleass help: boys???What does it mean when ur friend purposely picks ur test to grade???
So confused.......help?
Is it crazy to be crying?
Why do people get mad when you say i only date inside my race?
How to talk to this girl I like? please help!?
Confronting the girl who is flirting with my boyfriend?
hey Apple its michelle with the teddy bear picture ...you online ? i added u ask a contact! can we talk the an?
Did she just get a crush on me or somethng?
Should I disobey my Mum and go visit my friends?
Nervous, I don't know how to flirt?
why does she seem to complain when around me?
My mom doesn't trust me? Best answer will be chosen tonight!?
How to talk to this girl I like? please help!?
how do guys feel when rejecting a girl who has feelings for them?
What does it feel like to kiss a guy with a mustache?
How do I get my boyfriend super horny over text?
My husband won't give me food, controls me. Is this abuse?
Something sweet to text your crush?? GIRLS?
How do I tell someone I'm not their friend?
Why can I not stop thinking I messed up?
Did he brake up with me?
I just got fired from my job. What excuse do I give my Mom when she finds out?
How can i resolve this problem with my family, before my wedding?
Boyfriends Birthday..HELP?? 10 points for a helpful answer.?
I asked a girl to a school dance and she said that she was going with a group, is that a rejection?
Explain why it seems nice guys never prosper..including myself? Is it true a asshole is more appealing?
How would you ignore everyone at school?
17 years old and haven't had a girlfriend...?
Is it wrong to be friends with a racist?
Is he still going to ask me?
What does it mean when he sends you a nude?
How come everyone is dating someone, but me?
Why do men like to kiss?
Was I a jerk or did she overreact?
How do I make talk interesting with a guy?
my boyfriends parents have a picture of my ex hanging on their wall?!?
Any advice on how to talk to girls!!!!??
Why is he acting weird all of a sudden?
why is he acting this way?
I think he's interested but...?
Feel like a misfit in school?
Is it okay to have guy on the side when your hubby is driving you nuts?
What do I do about this situation with my boyfriend?
How to get a guy to take a hint?!?!?
My Friend Starting Cutting Herself?
You stand by your friends in their hours of need?
I can't deal with my best friend anymore! Help!?
Not really a question! :)?
What should I get my boyfriend for our 6 month anniversary?
Do I still like him and if so, what should I do?
Does he like me as a girlfriend or just a crush??
GUYS what does he mean?
My girlfriend left me because she has feelings for someone else :-(?
How to be popular? 10pts?
How does it feel to be in love?
Please help...I'm really bothered by this. I will answer your question.?
My Wife Fulfilled My Fantasy. Any Advice On How To Handle Things Going Forward?
My boyfriend thinks calling him is better then texting him.?
Please answer! I'm confused and don't know what to think?
Hearing Love songs when in love? Good or bad?
Can i sue my \friend\ for invasion of privacy/emotional distress ?
Does my dog have a crush on me?
I just obey to family and friends are hate me?
what do i do??i am not a slut?
Never met My father.?
Relationship advice preferably from a psychologist?
My mother takes out her frustrations on me? What do I say to her?
Ex Boyfriend wants to meet after a month apart?
Does my father love me?
Would you rather date someone that was poor but earned their money by working?
Why Would Her Dad Do This?
Can someone tell me what the hell is going on between us?!?!?!?
What does it mean when you look at a girl and she blush?
What does it mean when a guy does this? Please answer?
Abuser Wants To Come To Wedding?
My boyfriend cheated i dont know what to do?
Girls Only, please be honest, does it turn you off if a guy gets nervous and shy around you(10 points)?
Before my friend gets married and moves on, I want to pay him for a small sexual favor. Is this ok?
So tired of being single. Why don't men approach me?
At what temperature does fire freeze (i.e. turn from a gas into a solid)?
Is he a hard face cheater?
HELP PLEASE?! IM SO SHY :'(?
What's his problem?
Why does my ex keep bothering me?
She has boyfriend? what now?
Need help from a girls point of view what to do next please & thank you ?
I met a local guy on the internet help?
are all men about respect and why is it so important?
What should i get my boyfriend of 6 months for valentines?
What does this mean?!?!?!? Please help!!?
Does she want to watch a movie...or more?? 10 points.?
Friend will not stop talking about the same topics and keeps bragging?
i wish i could be a virgin for him?:/?
When should i expect it?
Any advice or help please?
Your experiences of finding someone who loves you when you're overweight?
What's normal? What's weird?
Do you think he cares about me again?
What do i do in this situation?
is it ok to try and ask a friend on a mutual agreement to try sex?
what should I do about my girlfriend being on dateing sites online?
who would you kiss in your contact list?
Guys, am I being played?
guys what is your opinion on this?
My mum is becoming crazy these days ?! its not a joke ..?
my girls pussy is really loose and deeper then it used to be is she cheating?
does he like me at all?
Fat, lonely, what do I do?
How to reject a guy nicely?
I think a lot...about everything!!!?
guys what is your opinion?
the guys i like's grandfather passed away?
If a fully black person dates a mixed person, is it still a interracial relationship?
ladies would you have a problem dating a guy?
??w often do you change your bra/brassier in a week (ladies only) answers needed?
What do u think about dating a nerd ?
iv had a crush on my bestfriend for a year now, what should i do? should i tell her or not? HELP PLEASEE?
He cancelled the wedding we planned after we had court wedding.?
All my friends saw me naked... what do I do?
Low cost or no cost gift for 8th Anniversary?
How does she know how i look like. She sending me nud pics should i report this to the police?
Is this good present for my boyfriends 18th birthday? please read!?
Guys, would you choose a Fat girl over a Thin girl?
What can I do for my friends mom?
How do I stay in the middle of the group?
My best friend is not nice to me.please help and advice me.?
Is my guy friend into me or just looking for a good time?
Parents, should I look after my disabled sister for the weekend?
What should i do? 10 points for sure?
how long until the withdrew from weed goes away?
This girl I sorta know keeps bothering me...?
Why does my ex feel the need to apologize then call me names after he has lied and I found out about it?
My best friend has changed so much?
Can you possibly like two people at once?
Have you gotten a hug from anyone online or offline yet?
why do i feel so jealous of everyone and put myself down so bad?
Do you Think my Boyfriend will be surprised that I am a virgin still?
im 20 and never had a girlfriend what should i do?
I have been with my boyfriend for 6 months now all we do is fight and argue but I love him so much .?
Is it ok if I have sex with him?
Are short replies necessarily bad?
Anxiety / Break up problems?
what do girls think if a guy does not smile back at her?
Everything is just SO Beautiful now that I am in Love?
I thought I would be okay with my husband going to a strip club.?
how to say \i like you\ without actually saying it?
Should I get back with my verbally abusive partner?
Was this a bad idea on my part?
Is kissing considered cheating?
Was Crystal Pepsi good?
What are the negative side effects of eating animal by-products after years of being vegan?
I want to become vegetarian but my family lives on a meat based diet?
Can tamales give you gas?
Where did I do wrong with my homemade biscuits?
Do they make a dingleberry flavor of pop tarts?
I made a pound cake that called for 1 1/2 cups butter or...?
What are some popular American dishes/recipes?
What are downsides and upsides of canned vegetables vs \fresh\?
Can i make tortillas with only flour and water and vegetable oil?
Grilled cheese or egg in a basket?
Pasta bar buffet ideas?
Food: What are the tastiest dry beans?
What can I use in place of cream soup?
What makes \Virgin\ oils virgin?
What is one pizza chain that you would not want to order from?
if alcohol kills u then why are there competitions for how much can u drink?
Any unusual toast toppings?
can I ask the takeaway to put less msg in my chinese?
Would you play brandy with sea urchins for a million big ones?
Espresso machine; cleaning out crusted milk??
Cooker not working - Engineers advice..?
How can I make smores without a chocolate bar?
1.4 litres of vodka in one nite/morning?
Does this sound like a good chicken dinner?
How much does it takes to start a brewery in india?
Does Homemade cookies turn soft very quickly?
Why doesn't wine have vitamin C?
If fridge items has been put in the freezer by mistake?
Meatball batter is sticky and gooey what should I do ?
I'm a vegan...Is that good?
does drinking coffee make you stop growing?
Unopened yoplait yogurt? Month old?
What is your favorite type of cake?
Is it healthy to pop popcorn in a brown paper bag?
will water dry up in a 100% sealed bottle? why or why not?
Which do you prefer, Vanilla or Cookies & Cream Ice Cream?
Is it okay to freeze deli rotisserie chicken?
What is a good salad dressing or vinagrette to put on a garden salad?
Has anyone taken pure ether?
Is olive oil with the green pulpy stuff even better?
Being the child of an alcoholic father, when I am 21, could I abuse wine?
How to get a list of unicue exotic antioxidants?
Honest Green Dragon tea or :P Orange Mango Tea?
What is the name of this candy?
Am I the only one who likes to drink straight buttermilk?
Is there an easy way to open oysters?
If you drink, why do you not also smoke weed if it's safer?
does distilled water need to be refrigerated after opening?
Is it okay to have breaded chicken if I run twice a day?
What's an easy and good recipe for milkfish/bangus?
I am trying to make vegan cookies...I need some substitutes for eggs and butter...help!?
How can i get some food?
Do you think its possible for cattle, pigs and sheep to show affection towards humans?
WHERE CAN YOU FIND A M&M CAKE PAN?
What would you serve a raw vegan?
What is corn sweetener?
Favorite cookie recipe that uses minimal sugar?
Admiral Ron here: When will tartare sauce be available as a condiment in every cafe in the UK?
How to make chewy bread.?
How can eating meat be justified?
Are you careful what you eat?
How much do you love your Tatter Tots?
Why are you a vegan/vegetarian?
What type of Pasta have you had on Top of a Pizza?
What Is In Papa Johns Spicy Buffalo Sauce ???!?
You have invented a new juice?
Any tips on my vegan diet?
How to boil and egg to medium softness?
Is my obsession with jolly ranchers to much?
Bread dough won't rise?
how to hide the smell of wine?
Does pipe tobacco called Latakia color Meershaum pipes very quickly ?
Worth of Bud Light glasses?
What grape are people referring to when they say only \Pinot\ ?
what brand of can spaghetti & meatball has no pork?
Even without milk, coffee makes me sick. Why is that?
Why would someone make their pets vegetarian simply because they are?
I want a delicious pumpkin pie recipe?
What was the clear fluid came out before the Pepsi at weather spoons?
anyone know a great alfredo recipie?
What should I order for dinner?
what are the procedures of adding a new dish to the menu at a restaurant?
What do you guys think of the Double chocolate chip frappe?
what food tastes good with and without pepper? (more details inside)?
Was I really drunk or was i just kidding myself?
I just had some TASTY red potatoes, but what's the green specks in it? Parsely?
What are some unusual truffle flavours that I could try?
Meat Ball Soup Recipes?
have you ever had honey on toast...because i havent...im 59?
What are most popular local street vendors food?
Why street food vendors are so popular locally?
What are the signs someone has an eating disorder?
What can I do with a bottle of Peach Smirnoff?
Accidentally left frozen shrimp wonton soup in lunchbag for 4 hrs--ok to eat?
Becoming a Vegan (UK)?
What flowers make for the best honey in your opinion?
Is there something wrong with our oven?
Would a New Yorker use the term 'porridge' or 'gruel'?
How do I avoid Walmart refusing to sell me alcohol?
Chocolate Diet Soda Cake?
Is it okay to eat bread or is that too fatty?
Is it ok if I drink Monster drinks every other day?
What are some REAL organic foods?
Good cigarillo with a nice flavor?
Is it okay for my boyfriend and I to drink for fun?
Freezer Cooking Question: Baked Oatmeal?
Does raw organic cacao contains phytochemicals and phytoncides?
i need a conclusion on bottle water and tap water? something that brings both of them together!?
Cheese-wiz expires... Is it still fine if I eat it?
Need link for yahoo article of 1-18-14 re how to reheat leftovers?
How do I properly reheat a chicken wrap and fries?
Where can i find macaroons?
What are your favorite restraunts?
How do you like your burgers cooked?
What are the benfits of Biotin supplements?
Do you prefer to drink Soda? or Juice?
Are there any good men in local dive bars??10ptz?
Chicken Breast for Dinner and no pasta or rice....more?
how many drinks can a 130 pound woman drink?
Help me find this chocolate cake's recipe?
Best water youve ever tasted?
15th Birthday Garden Party for May :) >.<?
Why healthy food stores never advertise on TV?
What is a reasonably prized Sonona Valley wine?
What is Baked Alaska Cake?
What are the best recipes for Christmas that you know?
Where can I order TVP online?
What is a tasty and simple recipe for a fish pie?
honey soy pork adding apples cooking question?
I used a chicken knife to cut food by accident?
I'm hungryy. What should I eat?
Drinking coffee with a new lip piercing?
Does my breakfast sound good to you?
Do you wipe the tip of drinking straw especially in restaurants?
My girlfriend and her mom, immediately upon seated, will begin the ritual of wiping down from the table?
Does anyone think those disposal bamboo chopsticks are recycled too in those small noodles shops?
Gluten free?? Celiac......?
What's wrong with eating whale?
Do you also like eating just bread without anything on it because you can taste the good bread better?
Do you have any good recipes for horse meat?
Is Starbucks good for kids?(Ages 11 and up?)?
How should I season my chicken soup?
How do I make hot fudge sauce without butter?
Amateur opening bottle of wine?
How do I stop the walnuts in my Banana Nut Bread from sinking to the bottom?
vegans and becoming a vegetarian?
Should I add flour inside the apple juice bottle to attract wild yeast more easily?
sourdough bread problem. Here's what I'm doing, and the conditions...?
baked beans in nachos?
red wines that are good for cooking?
red wines that are good for cooking.?
I ate too many cookies?
What are some good simple ways to drink tequila for a first-timer? (Not myself, a friend I am having over)?
What goes good with Cornish game hen?
how many cookies do you usually eat at once?
What is your favorite Middle Eastern restaurant?
Can you buy japanese melon bread in asian stores like super king?
how often do you go to takeaway to buy chips ?rr?
Why don't alcholics stop drinking?
looking for a good fried chicken recipe?
What is a person who doesn't eat fish called?
What to do with our roaat chicken?
Do you eat or drink soup?
When making ice cream from snow, does the snow contain industrial pollutants condensed in it?
Hollandaise sauce too thick... what to do?
School master chef recipe ideas?
Is Artificial Sugar worse than Real Sugar?
Crockpot recipe/advice needed?
Is paper glue edible & does it dissolve in stomach?
Fish or chicken? What do you like more?
What will be on your playoffs menu for this afternoon?
Anyone Got a Recipe for Egg-Free Egg & Chips?
Could you realize if you are halucinating?
Would this make a nice soup?
Sunday night baking ideas?
Help! 16th Birthday party!?
New Ice-cream flavour ideas?
My mom is sick what type of food should I cook for her?
What are other good Thai foods besides Chicken Pad Thai?
Protein breakfast bar recipes?
Is RedBull energy drink halal?
What is your favourite Soda/Soft drink ?
What is your favorite type of alcohol?
What kind of foods can I buy from the grocery store for under $25.00 that will stretch until next friday?
Has anyone here ever tried flavoring honey with spices?
what is your favorite dessert?
Why don't I like the taste of lager and what can I drink instead?
Where's the origin of French fries?
pitfalls of eating expired tins of fruit?
Homemade ramen flavour recipe?
Can someone tell me more about Protein shakes. ?
Can you keep oranges fresh in plastic containers?
can you preserve food forever by constantly boiling it?
What foods do you put ketchup on?
What kind of milk do you prefer to drink?
Do you prefer white rice or brown rice?
Stacking a two tier off centre cake?
I'm really hungry, nothing to eat?
Do you like cupcakes, or do you think they usually have too much frosting on them?
How do you visit neighbors on the sims free play on iPhone?
Yugioh xyz summoning question?
Hey have a yugioh question. Can Synchro monsters be used for an XYZ summon like Number 9 Dyson Sphere?
People who play Pokemon video games?
Is there a mod that imports Battlefield 3 maps into another game?
Can you costomize planes on gta 5??? Or helicopters?? And how about a jet can you get a jet on gta5??
Why is Zachary Comstock in Booker DeWitts reality in Bioshock Infinite (Spoiler)?
what game is better? Far cry 3 or AC4?
Why did Half Life copy Cod?
how can i create a good action adventure game similar to pokemon?
What's the name of this Elmo toy?
Is Tales of Vesperia in english?
Does Rocksmith 2014 actually teach you how to play guitar?
I can't activate skyrim on steam?
Is Michael De Santa from GTA V Hispanic?
Pokemon X and Y - Ditto trade/safari for Xerneas?
Do GAME sell PS4 console only?
I'm playing skyrim I'm bored what can I do?
Video & Online Gaming: Do most of the people who complain about Microsoft's Xbox One even own One?
Red and Purple Link's?
Why is dead rising 3: operation broken eagle unavailable?
D&D: Should I upgrade?
Gamestop Question.Help!!!!!!?
Buying airsoft guns if you're under 18.?
Sylveon troubles, please help!?
How do you use the pose player for 2 people or more in the sims 3?
D&D: Hardest monsters?
Im addicted to minecraft! Help?
Moveset for Vulpix/Ninetales in Pokemon xy?
who was that fourth charcter in gta v that was always locked ?
Nintendo 3DS XL Battery Questions?
Is Catherine Worth Buying?
Why amazon tells me that ps4 is available from these sellers why isn't amazon selling ps4?
Would it be dangerous if I broadcast myself playing a game on cam on the site called Twitch?
4pic 1word...someone help me...level 41...?
How do you plant a tree on minecraft pe?
Should I take my mom to Disney for her birthday?
Question about Pokémon X and Y online battling?
Could the game \Rust\ run on this computer?
how old do you have to be to play poker?
Epic FPS game moments.?
I'm not sure what i should do...it really overwhelming :P?
I need help with a new ps4 username?
what are some fun hobbies?
PLEASE HELP with my SIMS 3 DOWNLOAD? (5 Stars for best answer)?
Skyrim Khajiit Character?
Does Gmod have built in online or do you haft to play with friends?
Fun things to do at a sleepover?
Help, I Cannot stick to any hobby/ sport?
What are your favorite Nintendo consoles?
super nintendo help!!!!?
What determines the points you get when leveling up a Pokemon?
Dragons Dogma Dark Arisen?
Why do online passes exist?
SIM 3 SUPERNATURAL HELP!!!?
Do you have OCD when it comes to Pokemon?
Is it worth it to upgrade my sneak to legendary in skyrim?
Is the Xbox 360 359 times better than the Xbox One?
if in gta 5 franklin died in choice c would that change your opnion on the game if yes then who would you kill?
how can i convince my mom to get me something thats.......?
I have a fish. I want the bones. How I do dis?
Is it possible to still get catwoman code for a used batman arkham city?
Ps4 games by my b-day...?
Why do you love or hate Pokemon?
How much can I get if I trade in CoD ghosts at GameStop?
How many different Pokemon cards are there for each Pokemon?
Tips for first time morrowind players on the xbox?
What video games should I get?
Modern warfare 3 or black ops 1?
Is there a Pokemon card collection folder?
Why is my Pokemon Y game freezing?
is this rare and will this be rare ?
How do you get the lovely phone in animal crossing new leaf?
Is there a game of just exploring? Nothing popular like Gta, fallout etc. Or a game of earth fps.?
Animal Crossing:New Leaf ~ Where is the Donation Droid For the DreamSuite?
kirby dream land 2 or 3d classics: kirbys adventure?
Supper Secret Settings?
I Made A Huge Mistake?
dc universe online stuck in combat rating?
need help please anyone?
How can I increase my FPS in Minecraft with mods?
Wha are best websites for sewing patterns?
What's the name of this game?
How should my character look like?
How many stamps do I need for a 9x12 envelope with 1 piece of paper inside?
Help with MLP card game?
Is the banish effect of Evil HERO Infernal Gainer a cost?
Any good games I can play with my toy soldiers?
Sims 3 how to turn a cheat off?
Is it possible to still get catwoman code for a used batman arkham city?
machine gun tips for battlefield?
Are there any female cops in GTA V?
is there still people playing MW3 on PS3?
wolfquest help!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!?
Does dark souls have any cheats?
Ok. What can I store water beads in I'm not currently using but are already full Soze?
Buying a PS4 in the US to use in the UK?
Should i get black ops 1 or left 4 dead 2?
Yu-Gi-Oh Deck for around 125$?
skyrim difference between speech and speechcaraft?
I killed the wither end dragon what now?
If I download GTA5 on my PS4 will I be able to play GTA Online ?
Should I get Empire: Total War, or Napoleon: Total War?
what is the lock combination in silent hill downpour?
Is it possible to still get catwoman code for a used batman arkham city?
How do you look nice on Stardoll without being a superstar?
Delete game on Pokemon White?
What am I supposed to do with my stickers?
Will I be arrested for recording M rated games?
why won't my xbox one play this game?
What is the best stats for sorcerer in dark souls?
Is there a way to alter a sweater pattern to fit?
Bought fifa 14 and it wont load saying error?
The Decline of Nintendo?
How to convince my parents to let me play GTAV?
Do original Xbox games run on the 360?
Uplay passport not working after i download it?
My eBay order still hasn't arrived. Should I be concerned?
Is slowking better than slowbro?
How do I delete an XBL gamertag?
Whats Best Remote Control Helicopter For Kids?
Dragons dogma dark arisen ps plus?
can i use intel (R) g33/g31 family chipset for batman arkham city?
Do you have to pay to play Online on the PS4? :O?
Will there be a new Banjo kazooie game?
D&D: Druid leveling system?
Will there be a new \The Elder Scrolls\ ?
Will The Undertaker ever gonna lose at wrestlemania? if Yes, Then who is gonna beat him?
what are your favorite Mario Games?
Is it normal for college students to act like children when partying?
What hard drive do I need to play old xbox games?
If a pokemon with an altered ability, ir tepig with wonder guard, evolves... is that ability erased?
Video & Online Gaming: why are the Achievements for Dead Rising 2: Off The Record mediocre?
Video & Online Gaming: Why can't Rocksteady Studios create a Superman Video Game like The Arkham series?
Minecraft Not responding HELP!!!!?
Old school Dungeons and Dragons tips?
Poll:what do you think of these games sequel?
Can some one compare the Fallout leveling system to the Elder scrolls or Skyrim leveling system?
Where to buy EXO pillow?
Can two different pokemon one having the hidden ability give the other a hidden ability?
Should I still get Red Dead Redemption (spoiler ahead)?
Does breeding with ditto's imposter to get another pokemon hidden ability actually work?
what are your favorite types of games?
what are your favorite game consoles?
what are your favorite Mario games0?
where can i download 3ds game for r4i?
Dark Souls multiplayer ?
what's your favorite 3DS title(s) so far?
Do you think people who win the lottery are Christian?
What changes do you want for elder scrolls 6 and are my suggestions possible?
Should I get an Xbox one or ps4 just for kingdom hearts 3?
Help with Sims Freeplay?
Am I the only one who gets Bored of Grand Theft Auto quite Quickly?
Help! GTA 5: Online or Story Mode won't load for me!?
Street Pass and Bravely Default?
should I get animal crossing new leaf?
Heroclix: My Lobo has 1 action token, Thor is adjacent. It is on my turn.?
What are the most memorable games you've ever played?
Where can I get a hearthstone beta key?
Some please help me understand how the score in bowling is added up?
10 easy points - Is my minecraft server online?
Can anyone tell me what brand and color way this yarn is??
Dolls and/or doll stores in Paris?
Doll Collecting? Weird or not?
what were your favorite video games when you were a kid?-?
I dont have a harddrive?
Snooze you lose patch call of duty ghost?
D&D: Can I make my own creatures?
what should i do about a 6 year old who plays gta v all the time?
What's with Mindcraft? Why so popular?
Where can I get moonstone in sims 3?
How do you troll in call of duty ghosts?
How does Rockstar decide which songs to be included in their GTA games?
What Marvel games are there?
can glossy mod podge be used on black wood?
where can i buy the japanese version of pokemon Y?
Darksouls Chaos servant co-op and pyromancy?
Is there a way to play old Madden games on XBOX 1?
Why are my save spots limited on Mass Effect 1 on the Xbox 360?
how to get a picture of my sim for my profile pic on youtube?
Is trevor from gta gay?
How to find out a disney employees real name?
Professional Sports Gamblers. How often does ...and how do you perceive the situation?
i need help to find a game?
What is the best third-person shooter game?
Is it possible to save a game played on the Unity Web Player to your computer to play it offline?
How does Saints Row III compare to Saints Row IV?
Good online games to waste some time?
eb games return/exchange policy?
Do you think this project is a waste of money...?
Games for two like Who Am I or Pictionary games?
What happened to Nintendo, Why are they failing?
Gamestop PowerUp Rewards?
Pokemon Trade? Need event items, members card and azure flute?
how much should i sell my nintendo dsi for?
does joining a faction have a huge impact?
xbone vs ps4??????????
Gta 5 working dns codes?
What does de-priming a nerf blaster mean?
Is there Create-a-Class in Call of Duty: Ghosts campaign?
So where should I start concerning bulking up?
Where's my period?
Healthy Breakfasts That...?
What is causing the breathing problems?!?
whats the best detox at gnc !?????? that works!?
Don't methadone clinics have to make sure the person they are treating really is an addict?
is cevical mucous supposed to change on birth control?
Is it normal to sleep a lot while having a fever?
Why am I having a really light period?
Do I have longer than average legs?
I am worried about puberty! please dont laugh?
My eyes are watering everytime I sneeze?
What to do if you've been exposed to mercury?
Is eating 2 eggs everyday bad or perfectly fine and healthy !?
How many calories in 2/3 of a cup of sugar if 1 teaspoon has 15 calories?
DO I HAVE ANGER PROBLEMS??? ADDERALL CRASH?HELP PLS?
Should i be worried nipple has turned inverted and a lump has developed behind it with a small red rash please?
I'm scared to get braces. Is this normal?
Sinus problems please help?
Is there something wrong with my skin?
Is 5'10/5'11 tall for a 14 yr old I'm only 130lbs?
How do i slim down my chubby fingers!?
I have very bad anxiety all the time, can anyone help?
i cant pay medical bils, help?!?!?
I HAVE A DRUG TEST IN TWO DAYS, WHAT WORKS BEST AT GNC? PLEASE HELP?
I Don't Think My \Diet\ Os Healthy...?
can you lose weight and eat anything you want?
If you have a mild case of genital herpes and you give it to someone else, will they have a mild case too?
Does the process of getting a black eye hurt?
So scared that my mom will see my self harm cuts and scars!!?
Why can't I sleep?? It's so hard for me to do so?
Why do I feel unmotivated to do anything when I'm not alone?
How much power difference is there between SPH -0.75 and -1.00?
suicidal...everybody says im ugly PLEASE HELP!!?
15 and only one of my balls have dropped?
I keep having panic attacks and can't calm down?
is it true you can only leave a tampon in 8 hours?
How long can THC be detected after smoking?
how can i gain confidence with the way i look?
Is It okay that I suck my fingers??
hard lump under my tooth?
Pain just above thigh and just below hip?
How to break my ankle?
should i use cold or warm water for brushing my teeth?
Condom comes off during sex...?
Am I sick or am I just paranoid?
what would happen if someone took tamoxifen if you didn't have breast cancer?
How many times should u shower in a day if active?
Is this a disorder or grieving?
how long will my period last and am I supposed to b bleeding all day and night!?
I think somethings wrong with my body?
PCOS but regular periods and normal hormone levels. Do I really have it?
How could I have herpes? please read?
I was frightened and then felt really light-headed. Is this normal?
Orgasm!!! Help!!! Need to know what it is!!?
I shaved my genitals and it hurts and itches help!! ASAP I'm scared?
Help with retainer please?
should I get my self tested for TB ?
how to lose weight with no time?
Can I make my penis bigger naturally?
Will I get cancer if I quit smoking suddenly after 2 years ?
Help with strategies to not cut!!?
Irregular Periods? whats wrong?
Is it possible to lose your consciousness?
do dentists get commission for a referral?
How can I get my muscles bigger?
If ypu eat a set amount of calories but you drink soda everyday, will you gain weight?
Why does caffeine make me feel euphoric?
Will 20 pushups a day for a month help me lose weight on my upper arms? Im a girl?
What would happen to my body over a 60 day time period if I did 200 push-ups 100 chin-ups and 400 chair dips?
if im allergic to this?
My Tummy Really Hurts..I Just Got My Period?
What can I eat that's high calorie but not Carbs?
14 years old with floaters?
I have such an urge to start cutting again!!! PLEASE HELP!!?
Do you think I am going crazy?
Chronic Pelvic Pains?
how can I incorporate healthy eating into my family meals?
Is it safe to take about 1000-2000 mg of tylenol a month?
why do meth addicts tend to bark a lot?
I just lost my 12 yr old molar?
Why does a woman's butt wiggle when she walks?
Will i get sick please help?
Riding a bike makes you burn belly fat?
Ain't applying Vaseline on face to reduce pimple is a Big Fat Lie?
Why are my periods so long?
I am 15 and want big biceps?
Restoring my foreskin! I need help!?
Is a black eye forming?
i decided to put my wife on a diet after she has gained weight?
shoud I do p.e with a foot injury?
Pin in foot coming out!?
Who was the first person to recognize diabetes?
Is teeth grinding common?
Do i look small ?! , am i that bad ?...?
self help for panic attacks?
Why do you freeze more if you are thin and skinny?
Doctor pressuring me to get the mirena coil?
when i was 13 i decided to overdose on paracetamol..?
when exactly do i start my birth control?
I'm sick of my life, I just want to end it all :(?
I'm 16 years old, will I grow taller ? ( how many inches ? )?
I want to make my penis bigger, is it possible?
What are some good facial acne prevention tips?
17, wanting to restore foreskin.?
Models please answer!?
how many calories should I have including the ones I burn?
hi I need a good fast easy and simple way to lose weight fast?
husband hitting something during doggie style sex?
Help Im skinny but im obsessed with eating how do i stop?
been told ive got throat infection given anti botics?
Can you get a doctor's note for a panic attack?
Hungry for depression?
Am I overweight or fat?
What could be wrong if a person's breath stinks to high heaven?
Having Tampon troubles?
My period is late 2 days late is this normal?
I'm worried, yellow stuff comes out of my penis randomly??? Sorry..?
Slimming My Stomach!?
I have recently started birth control and have quickly became sick. Is that normal?
How can I lose weight fast?
does anyone have ADD?
Is smoking weed worth it?
Chest Tightness (I'm so worried,please answer)?
My daughters schoolmate lost his mother to cancer last summer and has been getting in trouble at school?
Will drinking a bottle of white wine once a month make me fat?
Hi is this an illness, I am suffering with?
Nothing is helping my stomach?
whats wrong with me??
I bleed during sex, why?
If you have a food intolerance, how long does it take for your body to react to the food your intolerant to?
Should I go to school with a hurt foot?
constant panic attacks!!!!!?
Out of all the yearly abortions about how many are not for health but for convenience?
can people chew with cracked incisors?
Can I listen to music while getting braces?
Why am i in a horrible mood?
how do i a male grow breasts naturally without medicine?
Body on different schedule, can't get all of my sleep out?
Answers please!!!!!!! X?
Do some people grow slower than others?
Labcorp? can i just visit them and ask for a cholesterol test?
can i put 2 heat patches on different areas?
periods???? weird cycle please help?
500 Crunches a day, everyday, unless hung over!?
Tips for working out my bum?
Is it normal to feel like dying (committing suicide )?
How can I get toned in 60 days with only my bodyweight?
Is minoxidil safe to use for beard growth?
Would Pancreatic/Stomach Cancer be rare?
I really hate gym class?
Will I ever be normal again?
how to treat attention deficit disorder (ADD)?
Will salt get rid of a cold sore on my lip?
Ejaculation By Command Review - Has anyone tried it?
a friend broke her finger and had surgery the same day but no one gave her an x-ray, normal?
Does it matter if your teeth are crooked/gapped as long as they're healthy and white?
feel like going to die went i do this shit?
why does my penis goes 7 inch when its normally 6?
End Your Depression Review - Hot New Product! - Is It Any Good?
my mums survival rate of lung cancer ?
Poll : Working out for exercise in gym for 3 hours is good ?
Is Starvation mode a Myth ?
swollen lip after scratching it with oily finger.?
Why does eye glasses power increment by 0.25?
Haven't Been Eating Alot Lately...?
i have a bump on my vagina?
Why i can't sleep at night?
Should I go to hospital because of dehydration?
how to get larger muscles?
Why is so goddamn hard to quit smoking meth...3 years and I hate the stuff butitdoesntcareweatherornotihateit?
Not sure if period came(brown)?
How do i get motivated to work out?
Sweet 16 & I Want to loose weight fast?
Guess my weight (overweight, average or underweight)?
What should I do about my stubbed toe?
How to gain weight? Atleast 20lbs?
Do you think there's a cure for cancer, but someone covered it up?
Is using your laptop on your lap okay for a male?
How to lose man boobs and bouble chin fast?
Does medicine help with anxiety and depression?
Does medicine help with anxiety and depression?
anxiety attacks and insomnia how can I help?
How far back should my penis retract?
Can a penis break, even though there's no bone?
ASAP. Why do I lack sleep. It's late.!?
how to get perfect legs?
How can I get abs and good muscles in my chest?
I have been peeing every 2-3 hours? Is it normal ?
Does peanut butter and jelly help when running long ways the night before?
Question about masturbating (I'm a girl)?
i blew my nose to find blood?
I cut on my boobs to hide from my parents?
Will retrograde ejaculation cause infertility?
Is it normal to feel numbness in your head when smoking marijuana?
What could cause lack of emotion and libido?
Okay i took 12 midol ?!?!?
Does this mean anything ?
how i feel better without medicine?
Can someone please explain what happen to me ?
How to remove a stain from a t-shirt without washing the whole thing?
What is your fav scented soap?
My name is Sandy. I have a Bosch nexxt100 series washer that will not spin dry my cloths what should I do?
NYC, NJ, and Long Island plumbing and electrical licensing?
Is it possible for Connecticut to grow/have palm trees?
Drywall - better to have butt joints at corners or on flat section of wall?
When should I considering air duct cleaning?
Whats the difference between high efficiency furnace and mid efficiency?
High efficiency furnace installation?
How efficient is my furnace?
How do I keep a rose looking fresh all day?
Are soldering only used for circuit boards?
can a wet towel help to block noise from traveling through a vent?
What type of soap do you use?
Tankless hot water heater?
How to open my backyard fence door- it is stuck in ice?
Will Sharpie wash out of denim?
I just got a cordless drill... I need things to do!?
how do you diagnose a kitchen sink clog as a food/oil build up ?
The best way to grow a tree inside?
how to make heavy duty rope?
Debate décor help please?
What else can i use to dry myself after i took a shower besides a towel?
why do bananas ripe faster in newspaper than in the open?
Which direction are my hot water circulators pumping?
Washing machine Hot water pipe?
Knob stuck to screw, trying to build pull up bar?
Washer machine leaking (dripping) from front?
What potential PROBLEMS do Front-loading clotheswashers have vs. Top-loading units?
Will swiss chard grow in the winter indoors?
should i prune my lemon tree?
What colour looks good with leopard print?
how do you unclog a clog that is deep in a toilet?
Some new butterflies & moths have been discovered?
I would like to know if you can install an over-the-counter microwave over a range?
Found this in the woods on a cut tree, what does it look like?
20 ft of 8 inch pvc how much wt can it hold?
how do i remove super glue from my son's glasses?
I want to create a cordless tabletop fountain. Any tips?
Do I have to install baseboards while installing laminate flooring?
how often do you have to season cast iron skillets?
How do I kill/get rid of squirrels that are getting in my attic?
neighbour problems! help I need good answers?
my vivarium wont hold heat help?
where's the best place to buy burlap tablecloths?
How do you remove gel from fabric and paper?
What kind of thread or string do I use when hand tying a denim quilt?
What type of flowers would you buy for a funeral?
How much confetti would I need for my confetti cones?
people that are good with mix matching colours I need your help!?
what do you call that string that you pull to turn lightbulb on?
How do you prevent a folding chair legs from making dents/impression in carpet?
Help! I think I am a tree!!!!?
neighbours trees are causing exessive shade to my garden,what can i do?
are rosary pea necklaces safe?
storage heater help ?!?
What can I do about a solar installation rip off?
black polcotton v white polyester clothes?
Why does some food rot faster in my house?
My skin feels irritated by laundry, help?
where can i find a place that sells teen room decor?
How to make wood biscuits?
What type of insulation is this?
Frigidaire Electric Dryer suddenly stopped working---?
Where can I buy cheaper wholesale flowers?
How much does it cost to install?
How to get a perfect bedroom?
Is kadota fig tree self pollinated?
Mice in my garage a big deal?
does anyone know how to take care of a sago palm? i never had one before and if someone could tell me how to?
is this dangerous at all?????
how can i get insulation off sheet metal?
How to Remove Fevikwik from Finger?
Why is very warm (almost hot) water coming out of my cold water tap on my sink?
Propane Gas Generator Question (OFF GRID POWER)?
What are these two white slots on the back of my washing machine?
Room Heater Smells Like Stale Rabbit Pee?
how to cut through a bobby pin with regular scissors!?
Can someone tell me if this is a San Pedro cactus? Id highly appreciate it :)?
what are some CUTE things i can put on my cork board ?
How much does a hoodie shrink after washing for the first time?
Should I put drawer pulls on the faux drawers (panels) in front of my sink?
Anyone know how to take this wheel off of the chair I tried to just loop the head phone wire around it but???
My moccasins stink! I want to wash them, but will they get ruined?
Why do Ball mason jars have those 2-piece lids instead of a regular lid?
Which laundry detergent is better? Tide or Gain? Which do you prefer?
need advice on building a tiny home on wheels?
How to smooth a wall that has cracked and peeling paint?
On Mattress sales, is it \Urine\ Clearance or \Year End\ Clearance.?
What fabric besides cotton shrinks?
Vintage room design ideas for teens?
why do my H&M shirts shrink after washing?
When does St John's wort first start blooming?
how do you grow a bonsi tree?
how can I come out to my parents?
What is possible cause of aluminum gutter on a house, shocking someone?
Wiring: why do i have 2 of every wire?
Is it bad to put something in front of a fireplace in an apartment?
How to grow your own corpse flower?
Is it possible to get a slimline intergrated fridge freezer?
I have a new electric water heater but my water is warm? Please help! PS We turned tempature up to to 130?
substances that instantly kill mice?
What are these flowers?
Coffee pod machine with timer?
Is this a termite? What is it?
Rust or poop, can't tell?
Vinegar vrs bleach, in your opinion which one is better for household cleaning?
if i keep my clothing in plastic bags with moth balls in, will it protect my clothing?
how many bricks do you need for bbq?
Will an old silver chest still prevent tarnish?
If you suspect that you have bedbugs, should you move anything you own into a new house?
glow in the dark clear glass \whiteboard\?
Where can I find a refrigerator door seal for an obsolete Fridge/Freezer?
Can anyone identify this morning glory flower?
What are the best ways to buy a Christmas Tree?
Workbench finishing?
What are these tiny bugs?
could i grow marijuana i a fish tank?
Hardside Waterbed frame: How wide are the boards?
I find one small black SHINY piece like a seed on my window sill?
How can you get sunflower oil out of a coat?
are there any terrarium compatible plants that produce flowers?
What kind of plant is this?
Can I go to sleep with the dryer hose disconnected from wall?
I have a gas fire with an internal flue in the block as it's a modern house , want a wood burner?
Can I build a house with used (recycled) lumber in my walla walla washington county?
how hard would it be to have a front door open on the other side?
My house has an adt alarm system purchased by the previous owner. I did not yet reactivate the service, I had?
Best Electric Wall Outlet?
what to do if my blanket is beyond repair?
How to en corporate 2 different themes in home?.?
How does one choose a good electrician?
washing machine leaked water?
Can I use my unactivated honeywell security alarm as just a sound alarm that is not monitored?
what's the best sewing machine with automatic needle threader?
what's the best sewing machine with automatic needle threader?
Got a new kenmore fridge today and it is loud?
Where can I buy steel cable?
I need 128 yards of carpet. At $3.00 a square foot, what will my carpet alone cost ..?
is 35 gallon container good for a ultra dwarf peach tree?
How do I nail a new ceiling light box into a stud?
is it safe to box in a central heating boiler?
How is a bonsai supposed to look like?
How do I grow moss the easiest?
Firewood: curing and such?
Pine shavings good to add to a tomato garden?
Dryer doesnt have a plug?
i can't keep any fingernails, but I want to paint them?
strawberries plants for a small window?
Where can I find 1940's stuff and accessories for my room?
What is in my front door?
should i get a metal or wood platform bed?
Cleaning up spackling dust?
i need something to grab to a tree ?
What is this tiny bug that is snooping on my wooden clothing cabinet?
How to do laundry please help!?
How much does it run to upholster an old victorian chair?
Installling handrails around an porch?
Does anyone here know where to buy an avocado tree in Texas?
after popping caramel corn in microwave it now gives off orange stain is microwave safe to use?
To get use out of the AC filter do you have to at least run the AC fan if you dont use the hot or cold air?
What size pressure cooker/caner can I get?
How to get rid of mold?
should I wait to plant my shrubs?
How much will my flooring cost ?
Call before or after painting?
Bedroom furniture require! Where can I get good bedroom furniture sets? Any bedroom furniture sale going on?
question about using tiolet bowl waste?
Does anyone know if Blue Dawn/green Dawn and Green Fairy are the same product?
Small bugs in my bed?
How to iron clothes faster an more efficiently?
How to remove the lens from the magnifying glass without damaging the external ring?
How to get rid of mice please help?
How do I remove a lock screen wallpaper?
Scratching a design onto your pick guard?
Is rayon almost the same like cotton?
How do I kill spider mites in strawberries?
What are the Types of Insects that might Attack on plants in my Garden?
How do I control the humidity and temperature inside the sealed garden?
Need help with asap with collar and motor shaft?
What is this house plant?
What color comforter with pink pillows?
My sentry safe isnt sealed tightly, you can lift the top and it opens a little. how do i fix it?
What kind of Christmas Decorations can I put on my apartment since there is not a lot of room for major stuff?
White or pink walls for my bedroom?
How do I keep my water heater on?
How much water is necessary to irrigate your garden?
I am buying a clothes rail for my clothesm?
Dewalt Dw660 Heavy-duty Cut-out tool, cutting out sheetrock?
Apartment buzzer uncontrollable ringing?
How often are Roof shingles replaced?
Is this true about central air?
Becoming a residental painter?
What is the best way to join a 2x4 glue up style table top?
What is this called on a roof?
What are the pros and cons of using metal as a primary building material in a house?
What wall colour goes well with baby pink blinds?
I know of no good way to clean window blinds, any ideas of how to deal with this?
Can you use scrap steel to melt down and pour into a mold to make bullets for reloading?
can you say bad words as a kid?
If I'm a package requires a signature(UPS), can someone else sign it for me using their own signature?
is ellie throwing a party ?
What is the difference between stamp and postage?
Is it possible to live in Mumbai (as a foreigner \Mlecha\)? Would it be very expensive?
What is a good coupon website for Toronto?
Is it worth paying 100 for an IPhone 4(or 4S) locked to O2?
Hey are there any good jobs, that are not scams, that are in Clearwater, Florida?
Where can I find a retail store that will hire at 17 in Jacksonville, FL?
Any plumbing assistance in Dallas Texas (Garland)?
I'm 14 should I work at publix part time after school from 4-6 or 4-5?
Does anyone know what kind of financial assistance New York has for families with low income?
Where else can I buy an iPad Mini case beside Amazon?
Hi!How much will it cost- to get a license to grow medical marijuana in illinois?
Where can I buy Lee Minho posters?
How accurate are the apartment reviews?
How can you get to UCLA from Torrance?
Where may I find a free credit report and score at?
When will I get my package?
UPS tracking number not working?!!?!!?
What is ISC CHICAGO IL (USPS) phone number?
sikoknyo gigiv dio hua tula ?
If a package is \out for delivery\ will it come today ?
Who provide best and cheap Security Service in Delhi and Delhi NCR ?
Professional Bra Fitting/Lingerie Stores in Houston TX?
What places will hire a 14 year old in maryland?
what the price of PCs in the market Cindai?
Does a state farm investigator have the right to request copies of bank statements when you file a claim?
Does Jamba Juice drug test new employees?
Where Asian Chair Craft Located in India?
do they use straight jackets and padded rooms in hospitals in Canada?
any abortion pill for 1month 20 days pregnent...plllzzzzzzzz help me?
where to buy nice pakistani suits for womens in punjab india?
Trying to find pension Wash Natl in 1997 located in Evanston, IL?
what website do i buy carmax employee apparel from.?
Where in tacoma.wa what place will buy a cracked flat screen?
I can type 110+ words per minute. What would be an ideal job for me? I live in Las Vegas, NV?
How many stamps do I need to ship this?
How much does Hydrogen Peroxide cost in India?
Is there a difference in dvd movies I buy at wal mart and second hand ones I buy at a video rental place?
Can i call the post office to check my package status?
Where is this area code and number from? 417 522 0190?
can i buy a flat rate box and take home to package?
Place that sells high quality/trendy clothes in bigger sizes?
Private/Secluded beaches in Deerfield, Pompano or Boca Raton Florida?
How to get a mall job for summer time?
is whitney houston a good role model?
is clientcomm inc a recruitment agency?
Will fed-ex deliver my package today?
I would like to have a Telephone Directory White and yellow pages delivered To my home from Miame Florida Help?
berea ky urgent care?
Postal Service does not know where any of my mail is?
The best investment bank to work as an intern in London for?
When will my package get here?
What stores or restaurants hire at 14?
I forgot to add my Suite # for my package i can't change it now?
99 Cents Only Store near the Pearland Town Center?
Where can you buy the rainbow loom kit from in Dubai ?
Is there a store where can i buy a regular Sikh turban in brooklyn, new york city, or queens?
Please HELP me find my homeless brother in San Diego CA?
In Toronto Canada do you need to learn French language to work?
who is a good/less expensive transmission repair shop?
Complaint against shopkeeper or distributor?
Hathway 50Mbps DOCSIS 3.0 broadband plans review?
I'm 15, so don't have any qualifications, what should I put on my CV?
Is there any Charted bus from Ashok Vihar to greater noida?
My genral manger called my uneducated?
Should I move to Ketchikan alaska for a summer job?
Does Servpro have random drug tests?
where can i buy plantronics in san diego?
Where do you sell a car for scraps?
Where can a 17 year old get a job in NYC?
Is $25 an hour a good wage in Southern Chicago suburbs?
is the merch sold on kpoptown official merch?
where can I locate a medicaid provider in Ohio?
one more.. i need all info about price ?
bexar county jail san Antonio texas help please?
wher i can buy original pc ?
Oil changing place interview!?
at home call center agents?
how does community service work in Illinois?
Can my sister pick up her package at 17?
Where can I find cheap 40 ft. steel storage container to be shipped to LA?
Can I send this through regular mail?
Where in Houston can I order Apitong wood?
Where to find a DISCOUNT DRUGSTORE?
Can I open a live poultry in NYC ?
I ordered Sofas and no delivery?
can i go into the o2 arena if im under 18?
Would you start looking for a new job?
Can I hire a security guard with license from Arizona in Gilroy, California?
How to raise the security of our neighborhood in Sunnyvale?
How to deal with shoplifters?
where can I find replacement glass for gas space heater in chicago area ?
How to get customers in a shop that is located in unattractive area?
What should I expect at Soundwave Festival (Brisbane)?
Is it legal to hire security guards for a small shop in San Francisco?
what time can you start cashing moneygrams at walmart?
What's it like working on the tills?
how much would a 13 year old make at jb hifi?
Do you need a permit to be a street vendor in Chicago?
Where can we get Manuka honey in chennai?
How can I find a job in Chicago? 17 year old teenager.?
Which is the best organic shop in chennai?
i want to open a food truck in delhi, india...please help?
In usps trackinfo says 'notice left'.will it say delivered eventually at the status?
Procedure of registration for eCommerce site in Navi Mumbai?
Are there any good translation services that are actually in Houston, Texas?
Do lottery are played in Delhi and from where I can buy lottery tickets in Delhi?
What is the absolute latest UPS delivers?
Is it illegal to buy a tobacco pipe and get it shipped to your home in wisconsin?
how can i find a good honest startup lawyer in boston that wont take all the money i have left?
Does Office Depot sell Collegiate dictionaries?
What company marks utility lines in Southern Illinois? I believe its UCS or USC, or somethign to that effect.?
How long does it take for mail to arrive from Florida to Grenada?
41/2 yrs ago I did time in Atlanta Ga for misdemeanor shoplifting charge.?
How long does it roughly take to fill the O2 arena London?
Delivering parcel to the post office?
My partner has been offered a job in Daisy Hill Brisbane?
Does Boca Raton, Florida have a cool exercise gym?
how can I find a website to have australien visa?
How can I pick up mail from another location, like a Mail-Storage-Service?
Where can you smoke at the McNamara Airport Terminal in Detroit?
Vocal Teachers in Athens GA?
Plumber or Electrician?
what if i get massage like this on phone?
What jobs hire a 19 year old, With no experience?
exact list of tier cities 1 2 3 in India?
Has Underground Construction changed much in the past 5 years?
How safe is it to send some items through courier??
What is a musically \happening\ neighborhood in CHicago?
Tehsildar office in bangalore - pension ?
jobs who hiring in the bay area?
How to get into part-time modeling in LA?
are there any strip clubs in new york that allow 17 year olds to enter?
Are there any good antique/craft/gift shops in the Chicago Area...?
Can a Repairman refuse to provide me with a receipt?
Is their brown Lucruse spiders in Yakima,WA?
Are people hired based on looks and social skills in America more than skill and competence?
Where can I go practice / target shooting with Revolvers in Ireland?
Best wedding photographer in los angeles???
Is $7,000/mo enough for living in NYC?
the best quality tempered glass, gas ovens or electric?
are there any places in waxahachie that are hiring 14 year olds? thank you!?
Can I pick up mail from my friend's po box?
should I apply as a full time or part time waitress? this local sports bar is hiring girls with no experience?
Hi...Someone is offering me a job contract in Canada?
Cheap condos in Clearwater, Florida?
living in downtown atlanta what are the odds of me seeing celebrities?
I need a job for the summer but I am only 14 years of age so where can I find one in Alexandria Louisiana?
Record stores near San Francisco?
pending transaction question wells fargo?
Ampera gridlocked today ...?
Ampera gridlocked today ...?
MC Donald Hyderabad contact person name?
Job for 14yr old in UK?
2014 Jobs for 15-16 year olds in chicago? Need one badly!?
Best selection and Priced Jewerly Store - Houston?
how do I report 7/11 for roaches on the ice machine?
can my employer stop me going off site for a paid 15 minute tea break?
Is marriott hotel toronto canada looking for new workers?
I was driving ran up on side walk do I need to replace the whole frame ?? Who can fix this atlanta ga area?
Can my company force me to move if I do not want to?
Random ....question..but feeling some type of way?
How do I collect mail from the post office if I no longer have a p.o. Box?
Will Glen Park Farmers Market be closed tomorrow ?
What is a store decal?
how do I increase my income when I can not find work under the table and on disability?
How can a 14 year old get cash?!?
My policy no. 10790434. how much amount received when I sarrendar my policy documents?
My policy no. 10790434. how much amount received when I sarrendar my policy documents?
what stores sell Pentacle's in las vegas nv?
Where can I work with children in Miami Fl while still going to school?
Can I put a prepaid envelope into a usps mailbox, or do I need to go into the post office?
Where can I buy band merch ?
Why has my Priority 2-3 day small package taken 5 days so far?
Is there a minimum amount of hours a part time employee can work in a day in CA?
How much does it cost to make (or buy) a night club/bar in manhattan or near-manhattan?
Question about pawn shops in Buffalo NY?
tel number 01454 772155?
Is gays are good for work with girls?
Are packages that are delivered to your home can only be delivered on a weekday?
does fedex make you sign for a package or drop off at door?
Mr Steve Bertamini,is the finance manger of that bank?
Is there a way to stop people from sticking flyers at my place?
Houston TX, is there any DPS where you can just walk in and get your DL w/o scheduling?
can I manage with 185£ in London for 3 days?
What's something amazing and exciting to do in Los Angeles?
Why would US Post Office Tracking say package from Northern CA to Southern CA be processed in Rhode Island?
Why would a package mailed with USPS going from SW MO to FL go thru the Des Moines IA sort facility?
I got hired at Barnes&Nobles, what do I bring for the registration?
Business supply website?
Is Atlanta Georgia ghetto?
Where can I buy ligther fluid for my Zippo in NYC?
Where can I find women's waist length jeans in CT?
Where can a 15 year old work in NYC?
wat store do they sell condoms for 13 year old?
What are the requirements to work at Disneyland ( Anaheim)?
Wages and work in Australia?
Does anyone know where to buy clove cigarettes in the Tampa/Ybor area?
my package id processed to jamaca since last december 23 2013 the tracking number is lc298976172us how long it?
what is a current ongoing controversial issue?
Fox News vs. Al Jazeera vs. Russia Today?
Why was there no coverage on the news of the 5th anniversary of President Obama's inauguration?
So according to Eric Holder, we need to send more white kids to the office?
If anyone has heard or read about the radiation in fish?
In terms of current events, what's happening in the UK?
What kind of filthy society is that eats,relishes mice and dogs in its cuisine like the Chinese and some Orien?
A racist attack on a Sikh.....why are some people so intolerant and violent?
I entered a usa contest and I live in Uk. I have completed it but it says phone format?
What do you think of Obama doing the reverse Nazi Salute?
About the bloke who writes the TV listing for Coronation St?
Is this a sign of the cost of living crisis in Britain?
Should more corronation street characters be given the right to die?
Should Pub Be Allowed To Open On The MotorWay?
Difficult to clean? Is that a reasonable excuse for not cleaning?
BBC bias question - indulging Stalin (Uncle Joe) and making light of Gulags?
Should the Muslim Terror Fanatics who'll be freed from Anti-Terror Restrictions just be put in Prison?
Is Doku Umarov dead or alive?
I have some questions about Snowden?
How are zero tolerance policies racist towards minorities?
Why is North Korea trying to go to war with the U.S?
What is exactly the iranian nuclear program? Why should they have nuclear program?
What do you think about Iran?
Do you think Chris Christie still has a shot at the presidency or is he finished after all that has come out?
why does invading another country not constitute terroism?
Why is it when the US invade a country they never ever leave?
Will George Bush and Tony Blair ever face prosecution for their war crimes?
a news article where a comapny has engaged in activities that increase its profits, but cause social harm.?
Is Cesar Chavez worth giving a Holiday for and renaming streets?
Why does Jesse Ventura seem like he's always going to rip someones head off?
Can somebody explain obamacare?
An example of a time when medicine was shipped elsewhere to stop an epidemic or disease?
Why is Martin Luther King special?
I Need yearbook headlines theme ideas for the the following:?
What are the benefits of mass media?
I know nothing about Scottish law?
When will the international community start talking to Iran about important stuff(Syria, Iraq, terrorism)?
Where in the USA is America?
Do you agree with Labour's plan for the jobless?
Why would you eat someone's leg?
The Kipper in Chief insults working mothers, what is your view please?
What do you think about Cleggy suspending Lord Renard for touching up staff.?
Why did polly stream suspend me?
Why won't wealthy Gulf countries take any syrian refugees?
Do you agree that the Sunday papers pushed the boundaries over the Mikaeel Kular case?
Why are manners in a man now considered rare?
Ware in Hertfordshire has the highest ratio of people watching 'porn'. What is it like where you live?
Would the phenomenon Nick Clegg be president if he was an American?
Where to buy Detective Conan purse?
Do you know of any companies that sell anti-virus software for fridges?
Does this mean the Social Service already were watching this Child?
What do you think about the rise in criminal gangs 'hot-wiring power supplies' to help cut bills?
Is Indian sub-inspector a good carrer?
Do you think OJ Simpson should be free by now?
what is exceptional cause in Afghanistan about war that shift the demand curve?
why are people still talking about Romney?
Do you Believe that the \Bible Basher\ U.K.I.P. Councillor might be a Conservative Plant?
should i cite sources about the blog that i'm writing?
You think the MLK Jr assessination was an FBI and Police conspiracy, as JFK's, like CNN showed it could be?
I asked just awhile ago about those that will not pay for their health care?
What are text features in a commercial?
Why good horror films have bad ratings?
Do you think that expensive public schools should lose tax exempt charitable status?
Do the left and right TV media really balance each other?
Can gay marriage be used to positive effect during a drought?
NHS patient information for sale, so much for data privacy now?
I have a few articles I'd like to publish?
Any good websites to write stories?
WHAT IS WRONG WITH MILEY CYRUS?
How well was Michelle Obama's birthday bash? Was it a huge success?
Can you die from aerosole freeze?
Not every Muslim is a terrorist, but every terrorist is a Muslim. Agree?
Will Ariana Grande be touring 2014?
Would Russian attack of Saudi Arabia,coincide with coming Israel -Syria/Iran nuclear war?
Who do these people think they are to kill their families?
Why are our freedoms slipping away from us in our country USA?
What's the difference between a meteorologist and the weather girl with no bra?
Should Edward Snowden be Pardoned?
UK unemployment your thoughts?
He doesnt Bless them for Britain?
The BBC ignored over 1,000 complaints about Savile?
How would Dr.King feel about what blacks are doing today?
Why were Free Translators ever Provided for Foreign Nationals in the UK?
Apart from Mein Kampf and 1984, what other books are relevant to today ?
Why are Newspapers full of Propaganda and Trash Gossip ?
How do the Taliban celebrate a tactical victory?
Should I keep a diary?
Is Jahi Mcmath (declared brain dead in Dec '13 and has been on a ventilator since) legally dead or alive?
Is Jay Bartlett a fraud?
Tamil writers across globe to meet in Coimbatore.Will they achieve taking Tamil to the next generation?
does anyone know about the cerrell reports ?! help please?
I just saw McConnel on Fox saying the only way oil companies can profit is if we have a new president....?
illegal immigrants who have flooded australia in recent years, do they recieve social security?
How do I put an ad in the newspaper?
Why is the Pope firing people at the Vatican Bank?
If North Korea decides to strike the USA How many nuclear bombs would they need?
What do YOU think of Miley Cyrus?
what was Jay Lenos remarks?
does anyone know where i can find some newspaper articals on the stamp act, tea act, and sugar act????
Would you prevent something from happening?
Which was the the worse out of these?
Biography Documentary help?
which political party is responsible in britain for the massive open door immigration policies?
Which is the best country in the Far East?
I love ces 2014 how many people love this?
Why does Kuwait and Saudi Arabia LIKE former Pres. George Bush?
is there a link between gay rights and the weather?
did piers morgan lost the gun debate?
was Cameron spot on, when he described Ukip as loonies, fruitcakes and closet racists?
What do you think about Ohios longest execution?
why would you do this ?
Lanka grave yields more skeletons-BBC.Why the culprits having\skeleton in the cupboard\ are free?
Mikaeel Kular: Is the mother the killer?
why did pope, Benedict XVI defrock nearly 400 priests in two years. is 400 a lot or just a few bad apples?
Should Lycra louts be above the law or should they be fined for ignoring traffic regulations?
CAN LONDONS COUNCIL AFFORD IT?
Who appointed the First Pope?
Why has all the so called rape victims waited till now?
Where have they all gone to, all the UFOs?
How will the Russians know them?
'Fair and balanced'?
Do you believe the NSA would still continue what they're doing now?
The Planet Earth wont exist in another 50 years?
WHERE IS THE MIRACLES TODAY MADE BY YOUR GOD?
Why did God pick Israel to start Christianity?
Emmerdale starts off your depression?
Why are people making a big deal over Monday?
Any films that do not follow Todorov's narrative theory?
Body of Mikaeel Kular found in relatives home?
Is Left-Wing Political Correctness forcing the Police to ignore serious crimes in Ethnic Minority Areas?
Should obese people pay for this gastric band surgery?
Does 'Benefits Street' really demonise the poor....or does it show a culture some would?
Should this fraudsters have been imprisoned for her cruel crimes?
Are these sentences appropriate for counterfeiting ?
So is Obama and the 'new Kennedy' after all?
What happened to sunantha pushkar?
Is he right? Are there parts of the country where locals mete out justice?
What will happen to the other children now that Mikaeel's mother has finally been arrested?
Do we now live in a society where speaking the truth is illegal?
While Chinas first Tamil author looks to build bridges,why our few guys oppose to its development?
Who said \leave the Children alone\ Putin or the Pope?
What do you think about Ted Cruz?
A Tamil voice,from China.Is it a Historic Link between two Classical Languages?
Will Israel have to carry out a covert operation similar to the Lavon Affair in order to get?
Why is the US not even in the top ten for Economic Freedom?
Mr. Putin stated \leave the children alone\ Do you think this should be practiced the world over?
Prince Harry quits job as Apache helicopter pilot ... Someone takin the p***?
A little questions about breaking boy news site?
Were the people attending Michelle's birthday party told to eat before arriving?
Why does America spend too much money on sports but never education?
Is Jahi McMath still alive or does brain dead mean she is dead just like someone buried?
How is it FOX News gets so heavily criticized, yet MSNBC escapes unscathed?
Obama proposes to bring 30,000 Syrian moslem Refugees to The States. WTBloodyF?
Little Boy Mikaeel: why havent we heard a thing about his Father?
Shawnee Oklahoma, anyone having trouble with Disaster Relief agency n Shawnee?
Which country or group or organization is realy behind September 11 WTC attacks ?
Is it hypocritical to on the one hand want the UK to leave the EU but be opposed to Scotland leaving the Union?
Should Denis Rodman be charged with Treason, and \giving Aid and Comfort to the Enemy\?
Will the NHS collapse before the next election and sink the Tories?
What kind of agreement do CNN guests have to sign before going on the air?
Lefties: was mass immigration beneficial to the Native Americans?
Will Narendra Modi be PM in coming election? What's about your opinion?
What has Yahoo News done to their webpage layout?
Regarding Nadya Suleman....anyone know...?
Why are US doctors from India so terrible?
Mass Grave fuels fear of thousands buried in Sri Lanka war zone.Will it exhume the allegedly buried War Crimes?
What does the fox say?
Why has it taken people so long to come forward to report a child out on its own yesterday morning?
Do you see anything just not right with Michelle Obama and her self indulgence and self congratulating?
Mikaeel Kular, The Edinburgh 3 year old boy who has gone missing ?
What should been done with Foreign Criminals who are Apparently \Stateless\?
Do people from overseas hear of the heatwave and the fires happening in Australia at the moment?
Will anyone notice a change now that recreational pot is legal in Colorado?
What does it say if a real person complains about a fictional character?
Do you stand up for your own values in the face of opposition from unbelievers as this Police man has?
Is the first lady of France, the last person the President slept with?
Prove me why weed is \bad\?
Rapist was executed...?
POLLS: Should they ban guns(only a few exceptions)?
does Yahoo have any corporate affiliation with Fox News?
Is the US really that much in debt like the media states as of Jan 2014?
What is War on Poverty?
Why doesn't Cameron start a new union of countries for free trade?
How can we stop school shootings?
How many times has Michael Bloomberg been stopped and frisked?
how do i make a 30 second psa announcement with clips, pics, and slides?
What are your thoughts about the news in canadafreepress.com?
How did the expansion of transportation in the United States improve the news industry?
Have the British Soldiers who lost their Lives and Limbs in Afghanistan did so in Vain?
How has the British government sweep GCHQ spying under the carpet?
why are white on black crimes treated more seriously by the media than black on white crimes?
Why did the con nooga membership rate raise to $60?
What's supposed to be wrong with Denniis Rodman going to N. Korea to see his friend?
Why is the United States so anxious to keep Britain in the EU?
Grade school shooting: a good home education?
Is this a war crime.........................?
Wasn't \Magic\ Johnson a MULTI-MILLIONAIRE, when he contracted HIV.?
anyone else hate sean penn?
What should I title my article?
why are lefties making a fuss about the '12 years a slave'?
Any lasting damage from this accident?
why is my african grey parrot being mean to me?
How cold is too cold for my dog?
Water change after using tetra safe start?
Fish tank help 10 points?
Cloudy Fish Tank, expert Advice needed !?
My cat is obsessed with water?
Does anyone have mouse experience or knowledge? I have 3 mice but I really have alot of questions still.?
puppy chusky doesnt want to eat puppy food,wha should i feed her?
I recently noticed that my dog has fleas...what are some good home remedies to get of them.?
Is it a better experience to have a dog as a child or as an adult?
Are high carbohydrate foods the culprit in feline obesity epidemic?
A good dog breed for me?
Does this seem suitable for a 22 gallon aquarium?
Names for a litter of show puppies?
Names for a litter of show puppies?
What colour will go good with my gelding?
How to convince my horse instructor I'm ready to jump.?
Please help! How to canter?
how to take care of a golden retriver puppy?
My cat ate my hamster?
How can I build trust with my rabbits?
Knowledgable cat lovers?
Would i look crazy to ask the vet to do this?
This cat is bleeding?
My gerbil is chewing on the bars even though she has some cardboard?
How do I get my cat to stay off of the counter (and other surfaces he's not allowed on)?
whats a good tool to use?
My dog is driving us (and the neighbors) batty!?
rookie dog owner question?
How can I help my cat lose weight?
I need a cat whisperer...or therapist!?
Try this with your pet cat?
Why are my neighbours so mad at me?
Are Yorkshire Terriers just dumb dogs?
My lovebird has died (this description is so important please)?
what breed of cat do i have ?
How to get reptiles to northern Ireland?
I don't want another dog but my family are considering it?
Why is my adult bearded dragon not eating !?!?!?
What is a reduced python pattern?
can I raise to male dogs together?
DS: Do you own a (pure bred) Dog who people can never guess his/her Breed?
DS: Funniest comment(s) you got about your Dog(s)?
Should I let my dogs see my birds?
DS: What is an annoying comment you often get about your Dog?
How do I wash my zebra finch (birds)?
Is it ok to hold new born puppies?
can I use Aquasafe and Jungle Water Clear at the same time and how much do i use.?
Oscar with kissing gourami, dwarf gourami, and pleco?
Why is my dog acting weird?
Bala shark with kissing gourami, dwarf gourami, and pleco?
can you help me? Animal Jobs?
I got 2 zebra finch yesterday and one of them won't fly?
How do I stop water from bypassing my filter pad in my hang on back filter?
the right dog? boxer or pitbull ?
Mouse Cage Question? Advice needed?
Why aren't there any Amstaff breeders in Ohio?
are black widow tetras really agrresive?
What is the sable color in a French Brittany or Epagneul Breton?
Help? Pet Mouse Question?
i really want a hamster!!!?
Need Help? Mouse Question?
Will cats drink tea? Something to calm them down?
Why does my German Sheperd keep biting?
Is this an okay diet for my Oscar fish?
Is Purina Cat Chow good for my cats?
What is the best kind of dog breed?
If you were desperate and losing your home?
My dad is horrible to my pet?
How do I set a temperature setting on the Top Fin 50-watt aquarium heater?
Help Me Identify What Breed My Cat Is!?
how you clean tank bottom without disturb breeding couple ?
Why do people overreact?
Can cats tell when you're sick?
Why do people say you need riding experience before you buy a horse?
Why is my budgie's tail short?
Why won't my dog stop whining?
Is my bunny ok? hiccups not pooping grinding teeth?
Dingo Question.......?
Cat in heat, please read!?
Are cats good at finding their way home ?
Could it be something other than arthritis?
My dog ate 0.5 mg of xanax. Help please!?
Can I get not skin tight breeches?
My cat won't stop chewing her recently amputated tail. Please help?
I need help! Thanks :)?
How do I make my husky puppy to sleep at night?
What is a good name for a white cat?
Will my dog be OK if he ate some paper?
Switching from gravel to sand Help!!?
Switching from gravel to sand Help!!?
Fundraising for my local animal shelter?
Question about my savannah cat!?
Why is this happening?
I am worried that my cat might be hindering her recovery?
What would be a better tank?
should I move 2 of my Bolivian rams to my 10 gallon tank for breeding?
Can I put a baby ghost knife with a brisltenose, peppermint and a dwarf gourami?
what age can my puppy swim?
What age can my puppy sleep outside?
How can I convince my parents to get me another dog?
How much would it cost to bring my holland lop to the vet?
Leopard gecko starving to death, no clue what to do. Please help. I can't just watch it die anymore.?
Do all Kaytee products seem to malfunction?
Can I put a male and female green tree frog together.?
Potty train puppy apartment?
Lizards for a 40 gallon tank?
how to convince my mom to let me keep a stray?' 10 points!EASY!?
My horse doesn't care about hitting jumps?
What careers allow you to raise baby wild cats and other animals?
how much does it cost to adopt a kitten or puppy froma shelter ? and do they come w all their shots ect?
Corn snake care information? Best answer gets points!?
How do I tell if my cat is pregnant?
Please help!! :) Thanks in advance?
Anyone know the price to get my Cat......?
how to convince my mom to keep a stray dog?!EASY 10 POINTS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!?
How to train a 3 year old Akita to get along with other dogs.?
My bearded dragons!!!?
Tick infestation in my home PLEASE HELP ME?
Gold Gourami with African Cichlids?
how do i convince my parents to let my puppy sleep in the house?
How do I get over the death of my cat?
Is A Goldendoodle A Good Dog?
I gave my dog steak cooked in wine?
What's the best way to get my dog not to eat his poop?
My dog loves to bark and I think he loves it, but I think it annoys the neighbors... what should I do?
when is a cat not contagious to other cats when on antibiotics?
Need to get rid of fish?
Which names sound better?
tropical fish tank !?
$2000 if she registers the dog?
Would a hunting dog ever get separated from its group and lost?
Betta Fish with Fin Rot?
My friends dog likes to bark at me for no reason?
What us your opinion on my dogs food?
My mom didn't allow me to keep a cat?
Why does my cat have a sway back?
my dog breathing heavily after mating?
Your horse's favorite way to \decompress\?
Should I turn off the lifts when it's night time with my fish?
Can rabbits live on straw?
How to ask my mom for a new rabbit?
Is this a good essay topic?
My dog came back from the vet and after I pick her up she yelps really loud?
How can I prevent my cat from accidentally scratching sofas?
What videos should I make?
I spanked my dog and she bared her teeth at me and tried to bite me?
Why do our kittens insist on sleeping at the foot of our bed?
Are PitBull puppy good for First time owner?
How long before the Belgian Malinois breed becomes a genetically destroyed mess like the German Shepherd dog?
What to do when my brothers hit my dog?
please help..this male cat ..?
Doss this look like fin rot or just a ripped fin?
what could i name my shitzu/poodle mix?
What's the difference between a house rabbit and a normal pet rabbit?
my hatchling leopard gecko that I just got 3 days ago only ate a cricket so far? Should I be worried?
I am in need of a good guard dog?
Moved into a new place and puppy stopped using potty pads?
Moral delima: Please don't judge me. Thinking to add to cats diet by raising mice or gerbils?
Choosing the right dog breed?
Bullmastiff vs pug in apartment?
Pomeranian question? weight/hight?
Why Does My Dog Make This Funny Sound?
What is a unique female black and white cat name?
Help !!! I think my bunny hurt his foot !?
How can I make my canary live longer?
Have A LOT of baby snails! Need help!!?
What could you do with fur?
Why doesn't my dog eat?
Ok here is my problem i have a little yorkie she is 4 years old n she has never potty train what do i do?
What are some additional tasks/tricks/commands for my Malinois pup who has mastered the basics?
What is this black furlike stuff coming up where animal feces has been rotting?
Why do dogs need more attention from humans than cats do?
Is my cat part Bengal?
My dog temperature had been 99.7 all day and finally dropped to 98.6 ?
How do I convince my parents to get me a guinea pig?
I literally hate my dog, why does everybody act so oblivious to how horrible she is?
Would cats risk their lives to protect and defend their owners?
Please give me tips to help my jumping!!!?
Why is my cat peeing only on certain things?
in my 10 gallon tank i had fish for about two weeks and then i added 5 more fish and three died?
any brands similar to julius k9 dog harnesses?
Do turtles shed skin like other reptiles?
What more can I do for my Border Collie?
Baffles for sump in fish tank?
When should I walk my pug puppy?
vets told me to not give my horse any excercise help?
Why would someone make their pets vegetarian simply because they are?
What to feed and not feed to my cat ?
Emergency Evacuation Kit?
I think my puppy is afraid of hallways?
Can birds breathe through?
6 month old Puppy keeps throwing up?
i am building a huge custom made tank for my koi till he is an adult. Would this be ok?
can corn snakes have toys?
Clubbed foot on the hind feet?
Is a dog deliberately annoying sometimes?
What kind of furniture is best to buy if you have a cat that scratches?
Dwarf gourami care??
Green beret training only 2 weeks long?
Is Russia correct that homosexuality shouldn't be taught to children? Seems like common sense considering?
As a man, what would be more repulsive, having relations with a pig or another man?
Social studies homework?? Two reasons against gay marriage?
Are Russian policies towards homosexuality ideal to homophobic U.S coservative?
If war was declared on one African union country would all of Africa fight on their side?
Where did the Obama haters go in this section ; back in the day 9 out of 10 were against him ?
I want to make a sex tape?
can i have my own mailbox but still use my parents' adress?
Did Obama single handily destroy America, or are we fine?
Why can't we get rid of capitalism?
Last time I'm going to ask this but I really want to get third party answers on my situation?!?
Do conservatives still support a draft like they did in the 60s?
US citizen to visit Canada?
Any advice for someone applying for a B2 visa?
Isn't it true that all of the hatred for Sarah Palin?
Can I get to Ranger Regiment without an Option 40 contract?
Why do bigots like Palin hate step families?
Has anybody figured out how to use YA's new format?
Pros and cons about gay marriage/gay rights?(3 on each side?)?
What's up with conservatives who dismiss talk about US inequality because things are worse in Africa?
What political ideology do you associate yourself with?
If we follow the yellow brick road will we find the true criminals in politics?
Who else is excited about our next president Jeb Bush?
What happened to the Gabby Gifford group to be the anti NRA-not enough Libs to donate?
Since the Nation of Islam doesn't believe in?
So what proof does a US citizen need to provide to show he lived in the US 5 years?
FBI - CIA or US Marshall for a character of my book?
If the Etruscans built stone houses & lived rent free for millennia, why do we work for the banks?
Do you have to be 18 to purchase a knife in the US?
Suicidal Iraq Vet.. need mental help?
Likely USMC mos's for me?
If the Progressives are so strong in their belief of \tolerance\?
Need help with Army Webmail?
Can you do anything about this - or have I wasted money.?
Why do conservatives want to ban Muslim immigration?
Why was there no coverage on the news of the 5th anniversary of President Obama's inauguration?
Was Ronald Reagan the last good president the USA had?
what does 18 up + minor surcharge mean?
Should rapists be hung up by their testicIes?
Should rape be treated worse than murder?
Will we ever have a gay president?
Where can I find proof of how many lost their health insurance because of the ACA and are still uninsured?
Why isnt marijuana legal in all 50 states yet, the fact is its safer then cigarettes and alchol?
Will JROTC give me more money in the military?
Is masturbating without lust a sin?
Am I Pro-Life or Pro-Choice?
Do you think some trading with North Koreans would help get information through and promote Peace?
How many people lost their health insurance because of the ACA?
Is the articles of confederation what the confederate states based their government on?
Is obama really all that bad, he wants marijuana to be legal?
Do you think ObamaCare will end up being seen by the American people as a successful program?
Is reckless conduct a lower charge then aggravated assault?
Has anyone watched the military movie Lone Survivor?
If you could choose between 2 identical jobs, one unionized & the other not unionized, which would you choose?
If I say, \Obama on pot,\ does that mean:?
Why do some seem to only care about the Palestinian cause and not other causes?
Is the Air Force Recruiter giving me another chance?! *IMPORTANT*?
Would America exist right now if our forefather choose to use the articles of confederation?
Why is government important and what is it's function?
Is this a viable solution to abortion?
What did Karl Marx mean when he wrote, \Religion is the Oprah of the masses?
So what we're saying is, fascism is right wing just because left wingers say so. Right?
Halliburton (Chaney's company) manager gets probation over golf spill. Where's the responsibility?
How long do you get to take a shower at Navy boot camp ?
Will US Olympians be safe in Russia..would you send them?
Where is \Egypt\ located?
Will liberals go from supporting abortion to forcing those they disagree with to have to have one?
you know what our boss just told us? butt holes!?
Without merely reciting the definition, what PROOF is there that fascism is right wing?
Is the hypocrisy worse than the atrocity?
If Hillary Clinton was president in 1941, what would her reaction of been to the attack on Pearl Harbor?
What Marine Core mos to choose?
Why was the huge 500 person Bash that Barack put on in WH this past weekend kept so secretive?
Have the governors of New York and Texas gone mad?
Why are my neighbours so mad at me?
Are left wingers really getting desperate if they have to go back 20 years to dredge up something new?
What is more dangerous, diversity or a combat zone?
Should the U.N. impose a \No-Fly Zone\ on Israel for their ariel bombarded human rights violations?
Should Obama put the smack down on Predatory For-Profit Universities like Phoenix and DeVry?
how exactly does corporate welfare help businesses?
What is the best weapon for a zombie massacre?
Passing a US citizenship to children born over seas.?
Should a College Education be free for all?
Marijuana air force help?
Did Chris Chritie get it zoned for what he wanted?
when the gov takes someones medication away from them?
What happens if I can't pay a ticket?
Geneva conventions and protocols?
i got pulled over for a dui in Maryland... The cop wrote the wrong tag number down... i go to court tomorrow?
how can i get a visa for my child?
Is there an easy way to see your list of questions in the new format?
Can a police office take your fingerprint for a summary offense on a traffic stop?
Air Force Recruiter giving me a second chance!?!? HELP?
What are my rights as a working mom when it comes to snow days?
How long will it take for a police officer to find a cars speeding limit on radar.?
Is this what you call liberal justice?
Martin Luther Kind day was celebrated on TV showing Prayers?
Who do you think is the worst president the US has ever had?
Do you ever think that both parties will ever come together to make America strong again?
Should I join another Squadron?
Opinions on Unemployment?
Do people vote with their wallets more than they vote on a ballot?
Isn't it strange that republicans are so obsessed with Benghazi?
Considering how Obama has been treated how would the conservative right treat?
Is the Tea Party conspiracy based on their lack of ability to control people?
Should the rest of Michigan be enslaved to Detroit?
If Martin had called the police and was instructed to turn and defend himself against a stalker like Zimmerman?
What is the legal limit of marijuana the cops can test you for?
Bunk beds at basic training?
What is government cheese?
How do polices deal with hostages situation?
Which statement comes closet to your definition of freedom:?
College excusal for military obligations?
What percentage of the 55 million aborted babies would have grown up to be a Democrat voter,how about illegal?
Do you consider Ssi/ssdi welfare? Why? Why not?
Which group of leaders bettered the world more: a) Washington, Lincoln, Reagan -or- b) Marx, Stalin, Mao?
Why do gun laws change dramatically in diffrent states?
Instead of a society based on money / currency, how about base it on meeting needs?
Should America de-unionize to promote job growth?
Why do Liberals discuss issues and Conservatives discuss the black people?
Navy vs Air Force vs coast guard?
Why do the enlightened liberal Democrats attack the top 1% when earning over $41,000 is in top 3% worldwide?
Do you consider anyone making over $7,000 per year to be rich, and taking advantage of the poor?
Why cant Republicans let go of the racism in politics?
Can you do jail time for simple asault?
If conservatives are better for America, why arent they holding all congressional seats and the White House?
Do many see their US citizenship as a meal-ticket for free welfare, housing and healthcare?
what happens if you get an illegal possession charge?
Which is worse, Obama calling Benghazi a terrorist attack the next day or Bush lying about WMDs in Iraq?
Could I get married before Navy boot camp?
what can i do about a ln illegal possession of prescription drug charge?
Would the cops do anything about this situation?
What happens if you get caught with prescription drugs in Texas?
Besides the rich, who has Obama helped with QE spending?
Why does the right make such a big deal about Benghazi when 9/11 killed more Americans...?
DOW at 70 year high, unemployment at 5 year low, taxes at 60 year lows, crime down, gun sales up, is having?
car accident - should i plead not guilty?
If someone was on felony probation and moved away 7 or 8 years ago, would there still be a warrant out on them?
If Taiwanese people do not like to be called China then why are they called Republic of China?
Obama says Pot is not more harmful than Alcohol...how did he arrive at this conclusion?
Why do liberals still think Clinton left a real surplus?
Is it true the US is still paying off its debt from the Civil War?
how can i stop my girlfriend from letting her father file my son on his taxes?
Why are MSNBC and CNN reluctant to report Kenneth Bae's crime was handing out Bibles to North Koreans?
Was this search and seizure legal or illegal? Probation?
What is your opinion of Chris Christie?
Is this what it's come down to?
How much dies it cost to become a Federal Firearms Licensee?
Is it legal for a company to use corporal punishment as disciplinary action (With consent, see details)?
I found out I'm really 20 not 22, my life was a lie?
Should Kevin De Leon learn about what he is trying to ban first?
what is age of consent in ohio?
Fully automatic guns are legal to own in 39 states. When was the last time one was used in a mass shooting? An?
Why did obama bow to the saudi king?
If (When?) UKIP get in, should they \PRIVATISE\ the B.B.C?
I'm an Indian. Can I do business in New Zealand?
Which countries can you get married without a license?
Have you noticed that most mass shooters don't own the guns they use, this is for the anti-gun crowd?
Why's New York capital of USA?
What would the response of liberals be if someone called Sheila Jackson Lee \ventriloquists dummy\?
When will the various committees investigating Hillary Clinton and Obama's roles?
Do you think Makaella Kular mother killed him?
Since liberals say that Bush was so bad, then why do many in this country say that he was still better than?
Is calling a black senator that you disagree with a \ventriloquists dummy\ show the hate?
do police really enforce this?
What do you think of the barman who tried to arrest Blair?
Is Clegg now finished over the Rennard affair?
TRUE or FALSE: Government programs are fun ?
Why is it becoming popular to say both parties are the same, when only one party kept blacks down?
Why do some cities have signs that advertize the mayor's name?
Can someone please explain to me how it is slavery to work for minimum wage like liberals claim?
How did Democrats successfully brainwash the masses to think Saddam was a terrorist with WMD, but now?
Does Christy offer the only real threat to Obama?
Christy is a disgrace, but why do liberals not like him when he is so much like Obama?
21 years ago i was jailed for 8 months for false accounting. would this stop me getting a job in a care home?
Is Christy already behaving like the President?
If conservatives are so rich and liberal so poor , why doesn't everyone become a conservative ?
If Miley Cyrus became the President (or Queen) how would she run the country?
Are CONS crying cause they have been CAUGHT red handed?
Has congress and most presidents lost touch with most of America?
Is \time for some traffic problems\ the central THEME of the CONS?
are CONS feeling a bit chunky now that so many CROOKED CON have been EXPOSED?
Do you think that the Obamacare ads have subliminal messages hidden within?
Is it illegal to send naked pictures of your self when you are 18 to a 17 year old?
Mikaeel Kular court case, i have few question about scottish law and court system?
What happen to all the white people who lived in Haiti and Jamaica?
Is Christ Christie a thug, or just another overweight bully?
Reporting stolen firearms in Kentucky?
BBC bias question - indulging Stalin (Uncle Joe) and making light of Gulags?
Liberals and conservatives: What needs to be done to reform our education system?
Liberals, do you support Obama?
Isn't feel sorry for Obama a lot like feeling sorry for Bill Gates or Warren Buffett?Why/why not?
what type of lawyer would i contact for deceased parents bank account money?
are people in army section far smarter than people in martial art section?
Who will win 2014 lokshaba election?
When I was 13 I had a depressive episode, am now 19 and haven't had anything since can I join the army?
What are some ways to help people move away from drugs?
Why is it so much harder these days for kids to find jobs?
I have a question for Christians who vote Democrat?
How tell my mom im pregnant?
Teen girls- is it awkward if your dad or mom hears you masturbating with a vibrator?
Late period, no symptoms.?
is cevical mucous supposed to change on birth control?
Poll :: best name ideas?
Is it normal to have a lighter period than normal?
SERIOUS QUESTION HERE PEOPLE?
any advice? girlfriend is pregnant?
I just need someone too give me a good answer?
What do you think is wrong with my girlfriend?
is a 6 1/2 inch good for a 14 yr old?
Am I pregnant?? No pregnancy test taken?
Diagnosed with blighted ovum at 6 weeks 4 days?
What should I name my baby boy?
Had unprotected sex! But he pulled out & I'm not ovulating. Could I be pregnant ?
Teens: Where do you see yourself in 10 years?
Is childhood over by age 17?
My crush called another girl Beautiful :(?
what name is the best on this list?
Easiest child age for parents to divorce at?
is it possible to become pregnant from fingering if your boyfriend had semen on his hand but you licked it off?
What is your favorite and least favorite name (out of these four girl names)?
If guy (17) gets (14) yr old prego and have a kid can mom still get for stagitory rape now that she's 18?
What is another name that would fit you?
How old do you have to be in NEW YORK to be artificially inseminated at a clinic?
What should I name my daughter?
What are two names you hate?
could i possibly be pregnant?
I'm pregnant with triplets (three girls)?
POLL: Which last name fits these twins best? (For a story)?
mommies, i need help!?
what boy name is the best on this list?
My fiance likes Washington as a middle name for a boy what do you think?
He named our last born baby girl LOVE is it a good name for a girl?
What do you think of these names?
What do you think of these names?
Katya and Nikolai what do you think of these names?
I have a one year old already and I think I may be pregnant again :) am I?
Traditional Irish baby names?
Could I possibly be pregnant?
help with first names?
What do you think of the name Kevin Michael?
When Pregnant what are ways to decrease urinating?
How would you describe the name Eloise?
what do u think of this spelling?
Help! I need some suggestions to help my 14 year old daughter?
daycare provider jealousy?
Which name do you prefer Christopher or Nicholas?
Baby names for baby girl?
Why d?oes my coochie hurt?
Parents: When do you think my year long boyfriend will \slip up\ sexually?
Why do some parents not let their kids drink WHILE eating?
what do you think of this?
What's the longest you've hide the fact that you smoke weed from your parents ?
What do you think of these boy and girl names?
Which name: Anya or Anna?
How would you pronounce the name Maiya?
Do you like Noah or Noa?
Do you like any of these boy names?
pregnant and no money?
What do you think of the name Maiya?
How do you pronounce Anya?
What are some unique baby names?!?
Which spelling is best for Maya?
Am i pregnant?... Please help.?
What boy names would you suggest to us?
anyone have any good unisex baby names?!?
What do you think of the names Elsie and Iris? And BQ?
Toddler rubbed her area raw. Help please.?
Which is the best name for this character?
Nutritious snacks for my 1 year old?
my boyfriend says that my diet could be the reason Im not getting pregnant.?
Why do people have kids if life is hard? Honestly, who wants to go to work or school?
I need help!! I'm confused?
Can you ask for a specific race when adopting?
How to only adopt one kid?
What should we name my sister?
What are your favourite names?
André, Andrey, Andreas or Anders as opposed to Andrew?
5 weeks pregnant and cramping is this normal?
eliminate 2 names please?
What would you name 10 kids using the top 100 names of 2013?
15 and pregnant help?
Thoughts on these to baby names?
What do you think of the name Agatha?
What are the chances of my baby being breech?
What do you think of the name Sharon?
This or that: names for my sibset?
10 days late on period?
How can test pregnancy?
Why do my parents think I'm horrible?
Alexa or Alexandra - which name sounds more beautiful?
how can I convince my girlfriend's mother it ok for her 16 year okd daughter to date someone who's 18?
Whats your opinion??
Would this come across as a cheap valentines day gift?.?
Is my sister starting her period? SERIOUS ANSWERS ONLY!?
? What is a good name for this character?
What do you think of the name September for a girl?
Why are my parents so unfair?
Have you gone to a pt before ?
Is this implantation or how will i kniw?
My friend may be pregnant with my child and won't tell me?
How can I save money without my foster parents (soon to be adoptive parents) finding out?
How long can a person take off work if they have a baby?
How much does childcare cost daily?
am almost due and my baby is moving too much,is it normal?
How can I pick my due date?
How to remove pregnancy of 4 weak? plz help me...!?
how do i tell him I'm pregnant?
is this a Miscarriage?
Period 3 weeks late, no pregnancy symptoms and negative pregnancy test results!?
BC & Pregnancy. Help Please.?
Can you please tell me, what benefits can i claim as a single parent?
Is it my baby that I'm feeling?
Any expecting mom, have you experienced this?
WDYT of, Sienna, Whitney & Leo as a sibset?
its been three months since my last peorid. it hit me out of no where but I was having abnormal peoirds.?
I am currently pregnant with our 4th child and i think i have decided that i dont want another child ?
Could my baby have autism??
What would you name 6 kids?
is my baby bunny ok? hiccups grinding teeth?
What do you picture when you hear these names?
Two names - which one do you prefer?
Could I still be pregnant?
12yr old wont wear her hearing aid, what do i do?
which is best still having troubles?
What do you think of these boy and girl names?
breasts producing milk after tubal ligation?
how to know if im infertile?
which spelling do you like for Madelyn?
what age do you think i am?
can you avoid pregnancy if he cums inside you a little?
Do they check if your pregnant before giving you birth control?
How can I save money without my foster parents (soon to be adoptive parents) finding out?
Toddler talking question?
Does this kids name sound good?
Is 5'1 considered short for a 14 year old?
What's up with the social view that any kid who grows up with money is a spoiled evil brat?
Can you get pregnant the last day of your period?
If you want to name your daughter after the color Green, what names are from green, please?
Could I be Pregnant or just wishfull hoping?
unprotected sex. am i pregnant?
Terrible threes!! advice?
how do I request a DNA test?
what would you do if you were a foster parent and two kids wanted to date each other?
My boyfriends mom seen my twerk video ! What do I do?
Who is easier to raise? Boy or Girl.?
Should we have sex every day?
chances of pregnancy?
I am 2 months late. Not normal. I have had two negative cvs hpt. I feel and look preggo. Could I be?
where should we parents hide are \stuff\ I don't want my kids finding it?
Can my gf get pregnant after having unprotected sex on the last day of her period?
My daughter has a rash all over 8months old?
What are some of your favorite place names + BQ?
How can I help my mother pronounce this name?
how to tell if your girlfriend is pregnant?
Which name: Asher or Ashton?
Which name: Blake or Blaine?
Thoughts on the name Roxana?
What are your children's names?
What girl names would you use for these initials?
TEENS : What do you want to be when you grow up and why?
WHY DO MEN BECOME OBGYN's?
Why is my 4 yr old so mean and defiant?
movement in the uterus?
How do you help a girl in labor ?
What are the chances of my school having a snow day tomorrow?
Is Gatorade safe during pregnancy?
Why is there an age when people are expected to end their childhood?
how long for contractions before labor?
Couldn't spanking count as child abuse?
What would Skylar and Bryan be as a couple name?
What do you think of these names?
Thoughts on the name Bridget for a girl and BQ?
she got told off by her mum but i feel at fault, what do i do?
Chance or Chancellor for a boys first name?
Which name do you prefer?
I'm pregnant but the father and my mother want an abortion, what should I do?
Is it normal or odd for a 15 year old boy to be talking to himself?
Can I get pregnant the week before my period comes?
I dont know if im pregnant or wat?
Earliest u can tell that you're pregnant?
Is there a point in being adopted when you become 18?
Which names sound better?
Which name do you prefer?
Which name do you prefer?
How can I tell my friends and family that I never want to date?
Do you consider 'Cody' a male or female name?
I'm so scared I may be pregnant, what to do?
Can you get pregnant on period and first week of birth control?
Help which names sound better together?
Am I pregnant or is it something else?
Which of these names sound decent?
Can my ex girlfriend be pregnant with my child?
Do you think I'm I diet obsessed?
Want to have a baby help !?
Do you like Classic, Unique, or Trendy names?
17 and pregnant?? Pls help?
Opinions on the name Ace?
1year of trying hard to TTC?
A sample is found to contain 6.76 x 10[exponent is(-9)] g of salt. Express this quantity in milligrams.?
Identify amplitude, period, and phase shift of?
Phylogenetic tree help?
The boiling points of the following compounds increase in the order in which they are listed below?
Chemistry Help PLEASE!! O.o?
Cant do this circle geometry question!?
Need help on physics!?
What is the percent concentration of hydrogen peroxide?
Calculate the mass of pure water used.?
Find the percent error in the measurement.?
Find the percent increase?
____ Mn + ____ O2 ? ____ Mn2O3 balance this equation for the love of god.?
How many different committees of 3 people each can be formed from a group of 5 people?
how can a neutron star destroy earth?
solve each equation. If necessary, round to the nearest hundredth.?
Mechanical Engineer majors.. Minor ideas?
High school physics question involving Newton's Third Law?
High school physics question involving Newton's Third Law?
Explain why is CO named carbon monoxide rather than monocarbon monoxide.?
What organelles do these cells NOT have?
How does Denver's geography affect its air quality?
how many solutions does this quadratic equation have?
Function Problem, Need help!?
Probability hw help!?
Math magicians, I summon you. How do you solve this equation?
What number from 1 to 25 has the most factors?
What would happen if a comet hit the earth?
How do you solve this math problem?
A gymnast is holding himself up on a horizontal bar. His weight is 51.5kg and he is not moving. Each arm makes?
if a car wheel is .5m in radius, how many times does the wheel turn, during a trip once around the Indianapoli?
Can somebody please help me with this radioactive isotope question?
Please help me with this initial value problem?
Okay so consider the equation y= (x-6)(x+2)?
How to find the sum of squares between two numbers?
Every new car company in a town deducts $500 fom the price of each new car it sells?
Help with 2 math questions?
Pool players often pride themselves on their ability to impart a large speed on a pool ball. In the sport of b?
Calculus: How to find the derivative of an integral?
Find the remaining roots question?
2 Physics Questions, PLEASE Help!?
Calculus 2 Integral Easy Question?
newtons laws of motion quesiton?
Calculus Value Theorems?
What is the mass in grams of 17.59mL of acetone?
Numerous studies have found that males report higher self-esteem than females, especially for adolescents.?
Need help with this question?
Ordinary differential equation?
Coulomb's law problem?
Ordinary differential equations?
Can someone tell me how this relatively simple equation was simplified?
What Will Happen If I Have To Many Calcium Tablets?
Is any number over 0 Rational?
A math problem thats confusing please help.?
Can anyone tell me how to solve (5x-1)(3x-4)?
What can you do to make your boobs grow?
How do I graph the solution set of this Problem?
How many electrons pass through a conductor?
Need help with basic electronics?
How to find a quadratic function model, determine the function as a max or mini value and find tht value?
The storage tank of a water tower is nearly spherical in shape with a radius of 30ft. If the density of the...?
Please Help with this Trigonometry Question!?
Why so many prokaryotic never evolve for billions years?
Is it true you cant take birth control pills woth high blood pressure?
Chemistry-Rate of attainment of equilibrium?
How much is 200,000 litres, in picture-form? (Like bath tubs/swimming pools)?
Need help with this question?
Conversion between mi/gal and km/L.?
can the space station be seen with the naked eye ?
The graph of the function f is made of the transforms of parts of the graphs of y=?x , y= 2, and y=1/x?
writing a function for f(x) in standard form? please help?
Coulomb's law problems?
The function is continuous at x=?2 if and only if d =?
According to the second law of thermodynamics, will the universe eventually be disordered?
Is mathematical physics the most powerful and difficult tool?
Comparison of Biogenesis and Abiogenesis?
A runner wants to run 11.3km . She knows that her running pace is 6.7mi/h . How many minutes must she run?
Has Nasa found a Black Hole?
Integration of (tan square root of y)/(square root of y), with respect to y.?
Does earth really revolve on its axis?
Chemistry - Stoichiometry problem?
Where does the \2\ come from in BaSO4(s)---water <--> Ba2+(aq) + SO4 2-(aq)?
Quadratic equations-simplifying?
Confirm my answer for stoichiometry question?
witchcraft: how come when i do spells...?
Average speed and average velocity?
One Math Question?? Help!?
how many atoms in oleic acid?
5- The analyst accomplished a qualitative analysis of anions in water by adding a specific reagent: BaCl2.?
The center of a clock is at origin so that 12 lies on the positive y-axis and 3 lies on the positive x-axis.?
Identify the center and radius of each circle and write the equation of each circle in standard form?
Scale Factor: Geometry help??
Help understanding this definite integral calculation? 10pts?
can only rocks of equal or greater hardness break certain rocks?
Maths algebra question help?
Evaluate the polynomial 4x^2-6x+9 for x=-3?
stoichiometry converting mass to mass problems?
Determine coefficients using partial fractions?
Projectiles Help pls pls?
chemistry questions please help?
(x^2 - t^2)^0.5 = 2t - x?
f(x)= 4x^4, x>0 (the symbol is greater than or less than)?
Finding the gradient of a curve where it crosses the x-axis!?
Maths homework help??!!?
When you smell do molecules actually go in your nose?
The arithmetic progression 2,6,10,14,18,22...has 60 terms?
chemistry questions please help!?
Use the substitution u = 4 + x^2 to show that the integral...?
By using the substitution u = sin(x), find the integral of ? sin^3(x)sin(2x)?
can someone explain what physiological changes are?
What happens if there is no marking of left ear and right ear on my earphones?
If half life of Cesium-137 is around 30 years then...?
If half life of Cesium-137 is around 30 years then...?
What is ultrasound/wave? Where is it used? Why?
Archimedes principle doubt???PLEASE help!!!?
A) If 20 N is acting on a 4.0 kg object upward and 5 N is acting downward, what force must be applied to?
Why the amount of water vapour differs in different parts of the atmosphere?
Balancing Chemical Equations?
Can I wear pants in 74 degree weather? Need answer within 20 minutes!!!?
Can photons be \created\ and \destroyed\ (or come in and out of existence)?
Balance this equation Ca(CO3) + Fe(PO4) ->Ca3(PO4) 2+Fe(CO3)3?
What creates storm of the size of Red Eye?
Help with balancing these two equations?
Help with partial fractions problem?
why do humans hurt the earth to help themselves?
Balance the chemical equation Ca + H2O ---> Ca(OH)2 + H2(g)?
What continent is Egypt located on?
How fast would a ball have to be thrown upward to reach a maximum height of 144 ft? [Hint: Use the discriminan?
Suppose an object is dropped from a height h0 above the ground. Then its height after ..?
Maths question: Is my working out correct?
algebraic equation for a tattoo?
determine the osmotic pressure of a solution that is .230 M in glucose and .150 M in NaCl at 37 degrees celsiu?
GCSE maths question help?
Why Do Scientists Think That Dark Energy Is Growing?
Convert the following word equations to formula equations (5 questions) Please check my work?
Find the area and the perimeter of this trapezoid?
How will I be able to learn basic mathematical problem of theoritical physics at home?
How do I call out a spirit/demon/good or bad.?
How would you draw the lewis dot structure for NaNO3?
The first four terms of an arithmetic progression are 2,a-b,2a+b+7 and a-3b respectively?
human evolution against disease?
Probability maths question help?
Does lava (molten rock) exists inside interior of all other planets?
photosynthesis questions?
What are the long term effects of a Polar Vortex?
Resolve into partial fractions?
How to solve this? 10 points for informative answer!?
Integration help....?!?!?
Train in a train? Ultra fast train?
From where can I learn maths needed for theoritical physics?
Do you believe in poltergeist experiences?
Is it me, or do the dumbest questions come from the USA?
What will be the mode of these numbers?
write net ionic equation between Ba and HNO3 please?
is the sequence i^n is convergent or not?
Calculate the quantity of sucrose (in grams) that contains two moles of carbon atoms?
calculating peak to peak voltage from waveform?
Why are wind turbine blades not constant in taper?
Partial Differentiation?
this question is killing me and my teacher teaches too fast I can't understand what she's saying!?
Why can't humans manipulate fire or heat?
Physics Motion, Acceleration & Displacement?
Physics Vectors and Motion?
Does mass affect the coefficient of friction?
Does mass affect the coefficient of friction?
was there a last epesode of giligans island where they get off the island?
Why doesn't mass affect the value of coefficient of friction?
High school physics question!! Please help?
High school physics question!! Please help?
Find the volume generated if the region bounded by y=sin2x and y=cosx from pi/6 to pi/2, revolved by line y=2?
where is the best place to live in Texas with low humidity?
Using cylindrical shells. Find volume?
How to learn electronics subjects i mean ece engineering please help already failed twice in 1st semester?
What is the current in the coil if there is a torque of 5.4 N.m acting on it?
Determine whether or not the expression is a polynomial?
Show the calculation for diluting 25.00 mL of 1.5 M calcium nitrate to 75.00 mL of solution?
The sum of twenty terms of an arithmetic progression is 50, and the sum of the next twenty terms is -50.?
Want to be an engineer or scientist?
Determine whether the function is even, odd, or neither?
Help please! Find the values of the trigonometric function of t from the given info?
Help please! Write the expression in terms of the second if the terminal point determined by t is in the give?
Help please! From the information given find the quadrant in which the terminal point determined by t lies.?
Calculus Review! Please help?
4x+10y=-6 -2x-10y=2 Solve PLease?
What is the average acceleration of the tip of the 3.0cm long hour hand of a clock in the interval from noon?
Becoming an Astrophysicist?
Life span -> heartbeat scaling laws?
How do you prove what the slope of a friction force vs. normal force graph represents?
Power and efficiency question?
Calculus problem! Urgent!!!! Please help!?
Question# 5 The stopping potential of a certain photocell is 6.0 V. What is the kinetic energy giv?
How to subtract in 2's complement ?
List the coefficients and find the degree of the following polynomial- -20x^4-8x^3+5x^2+3x-1?
A ball is thrown straight upward at an initial speed of v0 = 80 ft/s.....?
If we travel at the speed of light would we become invisible?
Multiple the following. Write answer in scientific notation- (7.04x10^-9)(9.01x10^-7)?
Suppose an object is dropped from a height h0 above the ground. Then its height after t seconds is given....?
If ethanol or ethyl boils at 78.4?, what is its vapor at this temperature?
If sin x = 2 3 and sec y = 5 3 , where x and y lie between 0 and ?/2, evaluate sin(x + y).?
Calc2: Indefinite Integral substitution?
Quick question about the moon?
Which sex/gender... ... uses more words when they communicate? ... talks more about feelings and emotions? ...?
see a doctor about my anger?
I had a really weird dream?
How many years were dinosaurs alive on this very earth for?
I had a really terrifying dream where ominous figures kept appearing all over, how do I prevent this?
Major Depressive Disorder Help.... Advice?
How do we raise awareness about the importance of paternity testing?
Are wide hips on women equivalent to wide shoulders on a man?
Should men be muscular, and women be skinny?
Should you take advice from poor people?
Has the word feminist changed its meaning?
how to accept something terrible?
Do girl like strong guys?
Do I have an anxious personality?
So what exactly is infatuation?
Do men care how much a woman weighs?
What do you think this dream meant?
Is it possible for a guy to be pro feminist?
does anyone find this alarming about religious statistics?
Why are most clothing stores sizist (rarely carry xxs or xs)?
Am i mentally ill or a psychopath?
At Christmas time what is the best way to get in the Christmas spirit?
How do I become a Jerk?
How do I \get even\ with these people?
Am i sick or depraved?
Do women subconsciously want power and control of men?
How to get out of my head and face my fears.?
What does this dream mean?
Why do I feel unmotivated to do anything when I'm not alone?
why should all men pay just because of a few bad ones?
why should women be allowed to enter in men's leagues when they can't do the same excerise?
Is it scary to have my personality?
should women be able to do the same exercises and training as men if they will play in men's leagues?
I saved someone's life because I saw them die, should I have let it happen?
why do people think that talking about sexism against men is whining?
Why do feminists expect anti-feminists to overlook the radicals?
I was not invited to a coworker's house but everyone else was? How should I take that?
Why women are treated inferior always? 10 points?
How to prove that women are foolish?
why do people think that misandry is funny?
what are women's opinions in regards to \drunk sex\?
Why do women call each other sluts? Is it because some of them are hotter than they are?
\What is stopping men from building and supporting male domestic abuse shelters?\?
Is it true the US is still paying off its debt from the Civil War?
For Women only, do you find your palms to be ugly?
How does this make sense: \Arrogant men, bad boys, will always harass because they do not?
Could this be a real positive for smart men in a feminist society?
Why is it important for men to understand submission by a woman is a matter of personal choice for her ?
if science / The Law / told you to jump off a cliff would you do it?
If a certain truth hurts someones feelings, does that make it propaganda?
Why does the western media like to use anti-India propaganda?
Do people need a point in life to figure themselves out?
Who would have a more difficult time surviving without the other, men or women?
Does being married have an influence on your career?
what country would you guys say has the best looking women?
When the feminists take over, who will fix their cars when needed?
I keep having vivid nightmares , is something after me?
why do some people think that women don't hit men unless they are hit first?
i choked myself last night?
Should I conclude that a lot of men do need to improve their communication and critical thinking skills?
Why do some people think divorce is worst than death?
If you step on cat's tail once too often is she liable to scratch you?
I saw some black chicks in dream?
Is it normal to feel like dying (committing suicide )?
Are we ever going to have equality in this world where everyone can get the basic necessities ?
Dream about a dark hooded man, could see his face?
How can make everything better? I'm ruining my life?
Temporary motivation?
Are you distrustful towards women because of your personal experience?
Did any of you grow up in a family or culture where it was considered \disrespectful \ for...?
Am I a sociopath or what?
Why So many Doctors are male in case of female private parts also?
im so angry what do i do this anger controls me and makes me wanna kill somone or hurt them really badly?
Feminist,if you are a doctor how do you treat male patients?
Why am I so calm?? I dont get it?
..Am I a feminist? What are your opinions?
For women: Why am I such an jerk?
Why am i in love with an imaginary woman more than a real woman?
why do some rich kids suffer with depression?
I have had a reoccurring dream that I'm sleeping & when I try to wake up I can't open my eyes..?
How would you describe our relationship?
what to do in this situation ?
are colours healing.......?
Should I see someone about this And please don't ask if I'm lying now, that's really stupid.?
Why some guys have double standards ?
Dream meaning about eggs, babies, and hats?
College Psychology questions Please HELP?
What happened to the racist/misandric ***** \The Myth Of The Absent Black Father\?
How do i stop being a social disaster?
AM I loosing a friend ?
Am I going crazy or am I paranoid?
Do you feel despair when you're trapped in the same room as someone you're attracted to and a cat?
Idk what I'm feeling I no I'm depressed so what am I plz help?
Which most likely occurred Evolution or Creationism and why?
What kind of people make you kind of uncomfortable?
How do those who want to help male DV victims by taking the shelter places from women?
Best ways to stay awake, motivated and focused for Homework?
PLEASE HELP??? how to make a love potion?
Why was he afraid of telling me his dream?
I don't know what what I'm feeling I wanna say depressed I jus need help knowing why I feel like this?
Will a guy like me more if I have s3x with him?
Why do so many preach things that they don't even practice themselves?
How do I stop procrastinating?
What did he mean by this and what should I do?
Does Hanna Rosin think her own son is a sexist misogynist?
Women: Do you have sex in the daylight totally naked?
Does anyone else get brain-freeze when they try to do math?
Can a hockey stick and a lacrosse stick be used as weapons?
Would you believe women only perpetrate 5% of domestic violence?
I can't go to sleep because I am nervous of 1.5 minute speech tomorrow what should i do?
Boyfriend has been acting controlling lately. What to do?
who is the best male british vocalist?
How do human subraces and evolution work?
How come fantasies can't come true?
Am I a psychopath? Why do I enjoy being one?
How can I keep myself from being paranoid?
WIll I sound like a \daddy's girl\?
Help Im a HUGE procrastinator!?
Ways to deal with stress?
How do you enhance the quality of your intelligence?
What is the water type liquid that is between the bones to give movability to bones?
How much does it cost to own a black man?
Why do some people want answers that gear to there opinion?
Why is there an age when people are expected to end their childhood?
Why is there an age when people are expected to end their childhood?
Is the wife stupid for staying married to a man that has beat her?
How can I keep myself from having bad dreams?
Does being able to think for yourself make you less likeable?
My boyfriend didn't buy me a present for my birthday.?
What is the difference between a female domestic abuse victim and a male one?
Victim of alcoholic parent?
Does the media only care about suicide when the victim is popular and pretty?
Why does the media make us think that women should be Victoria's secret thin to be hot?
How do you know somebody close to you is doing drugs ?
If we lived in a post apocalyptic world?
Broken ego. Made a complete fool of myself. How do I get over rejections?
Would women get angry if they saw boys talkin with each others about penises?
How do you motivate yourself to be a better person?
Do you think there is too much pressure on women to be curvy?
why do women have such hard time understanding that men are also DV victims and need a female free enviroment?
Why do I snap at someone so easily..?
What does it mean if you die in your sleep? (dream interpretation)?
Why do men seem to have such difficulty?
Does Life Have Meaning For You?
was it a mistake to open up about my insecurity to my bf?
opinions greatly appreciated?
How to be more talkative?
Gaining my confidence back?
Why are women trying to be so skinny?
do women ever contemplate if they'll become an \old maid\?
Can you really forgive someone who has hurt you ?
Are these considered/counted as girlfights?
Can someone tell me how to get control of an ego?
How can I stop myself from crying?
Relationship issues, lack of confidence and fear of women?
why do women think that they have to be cruel and mean to tell men they are not interested?
May you help interprit a dream?
My new year resolution was to stop masturbating?
How do MRA S propose to...?
Why do people believe 'Asperger's Syndrome' exists?
Women: do you want a man who is happy, muscular, or educated?
What would my lifestyle be considered like?
My ex and I dreamt of each other last night?
Do you think we should be able to see who thumbed us up and or down?
Can the disproportionate victimization of women be made fully visible without invisibilizing male victims?
Interesting essay on origin of fur and color for humans.?
Gender Studies: Will you live a long and happy life?
why do i feel this way? I know i shouldn't?
Men will you use reversible male birth control when it becomes available in 2015-2016?
Social Media Maketing help please?
How do you tell the difference upon first sight of a person who is alone due to shyness v choice v snobbiness?
why did john wood develop Room to read, and what was his background?
I want there to be something wrong with me!!?
My dreams predict the future?
Why are there so many SAHM/Housewifes that expect their partners to help with the cleaning & cooking?
I have no reason to be depressed?
When you are hurt and upset why can't you look directly at them?
How does one get depressed?
Sociology vs. Psychology?
What lessons can current feminists learn from the first wave of feminism?
Who has made more significant contributions as a Men's Rights Activist : Paul Elam or Tom Leykis, and why?
Are many men not good at verbal reasoning/debating/arguments?
Is there any scientific research that shows video games causes violence?
What are social issues?! I need an example!?
If you have a bad embarrassing memory, how to overcome it so you can feel your full positive potential vibes?
Why are some people dumb and some people are smart?
Why ai I so vain and arrogant? I was not raised to have either of those attributes, yet they are my strongest.?
Is environmental health a good major?
how do you stop missing someone?
How do you reason honor killings?
Why do I keep having to get hurt of hurt others in my dream?
Why do some find it normal to approach like theyre entitled to your number and you, the medium, are getting?
womens definition of a \real man\?
i need some questions for a survey?
Is it normal to feel this way?
I am needy and lonely, can someone make me feel warm and fuzzy inside please?
What do u do when someone is suicidal?
why is everyone afraid of being a loner?
I'm terriefied to go to school now, please will you help me?
When a woman watches a movie alone, who answers all of their questions?
How many are staying with Yahoo Answers now that it's all purple?
Was there ever a time when police were dressed in priests clothes to serve a warrant.?
What religion is this?
Im Russian guy really liking this Black girl that go to my college is it wrong to talk to her?
Spirituality reporting ..why is it that yahoo said to me Thanks for reporting your a report monkey , matters.?
I wondwer which is right.?
Help me please need advice?
If the next president is gay will he add the GOP to the FBI terrorist groups since they are religious antigays?
A little question about cyber bullying?
hey tadashi what do you believe about spirituality?
How can I get a detailed scope about my German ancestrys etiquette etc...?
Naitve English speakers who are good at English, could you help me, please?
Christians, why do you think homosexuality is unnatural?
Was there ever a time when prisoners were beaten and worked n prison instead of allowed to constantly gay rape?
no hesitation and no holding back?
Christians would it be possible to institutionalize atheism into a productive cult.?
Ramadan, why do Arabs hate nonArab Muslims so much ?
Are there any good child porn sites?
Spiritually speaking atheists when christians tell you to say grace what do you say ?
Why are Jesus words at John 8:17,18 significant?
Do you ever doubt the existence of the Lord?
Why am I confused, sad, and certain? sexual identity crisis?
Why do people get so mad when you talk about religion?
Can you help me please?
Was Jesus Considered to Be God?
What is my sexuality?
Why don't more people believe in simulated reality?
would Jehovah's Fitness be a good name for a gym?
what is this religion(cult) called?
Do you have a struggle with sin or do you justify it?
I want to plan a heist?
How can i bust down the GAY closet door?!?!?
Does anyone else love the band 30 secods to Mars ??!?
The Bible says to Study to show yourselves approved, how are you fulfilling this scripture in life with God?
What are some worlds that haven't been taking?
What is Christian Discipleship?
just putting it out there....?
Do Christians have a desperate need to KNOW but are too lazy to LEARN?
Can a Mormon couple sleep naked together after sex?
First official university in the world was in a Muslim country (Morocco). T/F?
Why is it that porn makes sex look so good like if it's not ?
Im not racist but why do some black people call themselves by the N word? they are putting themselves down !?
What is the meaning of this passage? I don't understand this very well.?
Does a scientist with faith in Christianity live a Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde lifestyle?
Will I get to have super close friendships with everyone in Heaven?
When a woman won't date you but says i wish my boyfriend was more like you. What does this mean?
The only way you can KNOW something is true is if there is evidence or logic that supports it, right?
Those of you who believe stones can heal...?
Very fast convincee god is real?
If curiosity and control are the primary motives for our knowing, will we follow a path that leads to death?
atheists: do you read the daily mash?
I have very bad anxiety all the time, can anyone help?
Christians ,I am a stout Jesuit ecumenical priest, Why can't I go to my brothers wedding. he is gay.?
Does the Bible make any mention of mountains before the great flood ?
atheists: do you have more in common with christians that share your political views?
Once you open your mind to faith, you could let in any superstitious nonsense or con-artist tricks, right?
Is faith a path to certainty or a path to delusion and self-deception?
I don't belong in society?
Christians: will you admit that having FAITH that something is true is not the same as KNOWING it's true?
How do YOU explain the Shround of Turin?
atheists: is william lane craig one of the better apologists?
Are Christians more loving?
Is sex as good as everyone says?
A new creationist argument I heard  we find dinosaur fossils on the top of mountains because...?
Christians: will you admit you don't KNOW there is a god  you BELIEVE there is a god?
How can I tell if I have a good spirit (relative or unknown spirit) in my house?
If the queen wasn't of noble blood but married the king, would she still have the title of queen?
Best job for retired folks?
Why do Christians always have to resort to bizarre tactics to win an argument?
Most Americans live in Sin?
How often do people use romantic love to replace religion in their lives?
Christians Help Please....?
God question must answer?
This guy shouted gay slurs at me in an amusement park. Did I do the right thing?
What makes the Bible so much better than the Koran?
What would you do? If your neighbor's 18 year old daughter kept missing her driveway and running over...?
Why is in falsely said that Catholics are responsible for giving us the bible?
God or Science explain? devine powers or good luck ?
Who is lower on the evolutionary latter < Atheists or Christians?
help me english speakers?
Why does people think faith is good?
While I was going through my neighbours bins I noticed several love letters...I am worried for her purity?
Can you rationally explain the virgin birth?
What Was God Doing....?
Why do guys show their underwear?
How can humans have evolved from apes when the human race was around thousands of years before apes were?
At what time was gay-lesbian attraction no longer considered a mental illness?
Is homosexuality genetic like passed down from one ancestor to the descendent?
Why was Jesus asked to feed his sheep three times?
What kind of things to senior citizens enjoy getting from younger citizens?
I want to be gay, but I dont want to go to hell.?
Most people agree that early man tamed and domesticated many types of dinosaur?
Is it okay to say \Over Glorify the Feudal Aristocrat\ rather than \Praise the Lord\?
Why are Evolutionists still trying to push a billion year old universe with no evidence ?
Did Jesus lose his faith at the cross?
why do Muslim terrorist want to destroy everything?
Is anyone familiar with Russian?
Would you go skydiving after your parents death?
What do you think Jesus would say about the things done in his name?
As the sun and the moon orbit the earth their dark sides face the heavens..we know this from satelite?
Atheist's why are you asking silly questions on R/S?
While atheists and scientists agree that miracles like Mohamed flying on a Buraq and Jonah living in a fish?
If you're saved but don't really live by the bible, do you have a good chance of going to hell?
Is this an appropriate Halloween joke or could I hurt someone's feelings?
Why did the roman soldiers cast lots for Jesus' clothing?
Why are people's hands lighter than their faces?
Is it not equally forbidden for muslims guy to place his pic in avatar?
who is your favorite knight?
Jehovah's witness. How do women date in the relogion?
What does mean ''novinha gostosa da buceta lisa''?
When to use Te and Le in spanish?
In the 90s people thought gays were unreal. Is this no longer true?
Has anyone ever eaten human's before?
Why, to this day, do women still gat payed less than men?
Was God playing a practical joke when he invented evil people and let them rule the world?
Do most men prefer slim over curvy?
How long before mainstream 'Education' of our children's children?
I'm a straight male but I enjoy wearing pantyhose under my man clothing. What word would describe me best?
Is this the right approach to getting someone to pray?
Help me please! I will award best answer with points!?
Are you afraid of satan?
Does God have emotions like anger, rage, greed, and cruelty ?
I need to write a letter in Spanish but I don't know how to speak the language.. :-\\?
Who or what is the antichrist?
What or who is the false prophet?
Is it gullible to say psychics are con artists but James Randi isn't?
How can we trust the bible when it claims the earth is flat?
What is the significance of Jesus rising from the dead?
Do you believe in satan?
What do you think are the three temptations of Jesus and are we tempted in the same way?
Would you make last minute changes, if God came back now?
Why should homosexual marriage be illegal?
Who or what told you there was no God?
Are Christianity and fascism compatible with one another?
What do you think this verse means?
Have you ever walked through the meadow and awaken the angels that are sleeping among the wild honeysuckles?
except Popes ! how many people of faith have seen jesus?
Have You Heard of 120 Days of Sodom?
How do you interpret this verse from Gospel of Thomas?
Were adam and eve created as babies or full grown adults?
I need some tips for remembering to write thank you notes and keep up on correspondence. What works?
Has Santa Clause always been celerbated at Christmas in the USA?
Why should i work??????????????/?
Is this grammatically correct: \Everybody shall sat down\!?
i heard that Clones don't 200k has been using another account, is this true and what is that new account?
Catholics, if Peter Purcell is able to get Atheists back in Church would he be recognized for sainthood?
Thoughts on this quote?
Atheist , could it be that your cult is one of the two witnesses of revelation.?
Isn't the story of Jesus much more powerful without the magic tricks?
How did god come up with creating earth?
If all of gods creations are perfect, what went wrong?
Spiritually speaking are you enjoying the snow right now ?
Is there a way to get to heaven from Earth?
Why doesn't god forgive satan?
Which translated Quran do you read?
Why do christians eat the flesh and drink the blood of their god?
Prove god doesn't exists.?
Is \How do you like them apples?\ different to \How do you like them?\?
Catholics where does it say there is more than one Mediator?
Would it be wise to seek the God or master of all knowledge?
Do you think I am gay?
If you could travel back in time, which era would you prefer?
Are people active in R&S years ago still here with other names?
What would I do if a Christian tries to convert me?
Is it sinful to surgically remove sperm which contains a disability from its original owner?
why was queen victoria so fond of kaiser?
I need help finding faith. ONLY RELIGIOUS PEOPLE ANSWER THIS PLEASE?
atheists: what place would you most like to visit?
How did you learn to like the way you look?
Catholics, could you pray without the statues?
My valentines day plans . What should I take off & leave ?
Italian: What is the feminine form of Gemelli?
Why do Christians need god for morals?
why do we have a black holiday?
Ramadan : what's a jilbab ?
Atheists, is evolution and Genesis like O.J. Simpson' s glove?
Is Allah answering my Dua?
Is this sentence correct?how can I fix it?(10 points)?
ramadan--- say would it be haraam?
I'm writing a new Bible, what do you think of my first passage?
How do I bring the best out of myself?
Why do non catholic christians often claim that catholics are not chritians?
Which do you believe in? Abortion or Evolution? Explain citing verses?
In the Old Testament, why would parents stone their kids if they're disobedient?
Ramadan : are brains halaal ?
Fireball has almost 500,000 point and 14% best answer rate?
In reality the god of this world is man and the devil both trying desperately to destroy this world?
Xians who accept evolution, why did your God forget to mention evolution in His Word?
Isn't 'life after death' an obvious oxymoron?
If martyrdom is the highest form of honor to Allah, then why are 1.6 billion Muslims still alive?
Mandarin Chinese help?
Has there ever been a moment when the asker of almost every question you click on has blocked you?
Is America the modern Sodom?
IS BAR MITSVAH AND BAT MITSVAH IN THE JEWISH SCRIPTURES?
Light always overpowers darkness?
what or where is good places I can learn about the story or journey of the myth of Osiris and Isis.?
Im lost............so lost....where do I go...?
Anyone else get aggravated by kids coming in here looking for homework help?
Ramadan. Why is Muzakrat not happening with the Pak Taliban?
Are there any non-Christians who do not believe the Bible is sexist?
Would it be cool if Kurt angle came back and confronted the Real Americans?
HHH with sledgehammer vs the shield , who would win?
WRESTLING : Did you know that wrestling is real?
is Arizona over rated and will not make final four?
Would you like to see TNA and WWE fuse?
what team will be out of race by end of april? to be realistic?
Which Brady would you like to go on a date with? Marcia Brady or Tom Brady?
white sox or cubs: who loses 100 games?
how is hiring Caldwell and smith \serious progress\?
will seattle get first super bowl shutout ever? like 17-0? over Denver offense?
Could Sheamus be the next Hercules , in Hercules the Legendary journeys tv?
How is hiring Caldwell and Smith \serious progress\?
Aj lee got you suck chants?
the shield vs dream team of Goldberg Brock Lesnar and batista , who would win?
Are the Wyatts going to get revenge on Daniel by kidnapping brie bella?
What if the shield started attacking the wwe divas? lol?
What are some good basketball workouts?
Do you think Kane goes to church?
WRESTLING : Who have better mic skills : BRAY vs KANE?
With the 5th pick of the 2014 NFL Draft the Oakland Raiders select....?
Why was there a line brawl with the Canucks and Flames?
WWE- Why do you people think Bray Wyatt has great Mic Skills?
Why does the brakes of my Dunlop Mountain Bike keep wearing out? ( Question For bike professionals)?
Is there any way I can watch the NFC title game?
Why do alot of boxing fans hate elie sechback?
Agree/Disagree, if Bryan becomes the face of the company everyone will hate him?
Who will return at the RR this year?
WRESTLING : Don't you think seeing ryback defeating lesnar or batista would set the tone for him?
Richard Sherman: Beast or Loudmouth?
How long till I get used to dipping?
WWE- Do you think that the Royal Rumble is best PPV?
our lad gervinho took roma past rubentus?
what sport could i start late and go pro?
How do I become a PGA player?
Who, right now, is frontrunner for NBA MVP?
Wrestling reporters are so dumb?
Who is the tna mystery investor?
What is the deaf guys name that plays for the Seattle Seahawks?
What if CM Punk ordered a pizza and the pizza guy was?
Can I eventually be a runner? if yes, how can i do it?
Which Bruins hockey game would be more exciting to watch live in Boston?
Is aj lee the greatest diva ever?
More news on Juan Mata?
When was the first world series held?
Do you think Bacary Sagna is sexually attractive?
Professional Wrestling: Isn't it weird how Pro Wrestling is called for being scripted then any other media?
What did everyone think of Batista's return to WWE last night ?
What do I need to put an eotech on my Mossberg 835 ulti-mag?
Best type of lube to use for a sig p226?
Anyone agree with this formation of man utd after january?
Professional Wrestling: In all his matches since his return, What has Brock Lesnar done?
NFL- Who do you think is the Top 5 QB's of all time?
Are the Browns having difficulty filling the HC spot and why?
Can anyone take Batista serious when he's wearing skinny jeans?
Golden Tate: a FA in '14-'15. Will Coach & GM let him leave?
Hi,what happens if you do a 3XDoubles and Treble,(trixie),2 of them win and other a non runner?
Juan Mata to Manchester United?
MLB Players Incensed Over A-Fraud's Lawsuit?
Can the Broncos rely on Mannings passing game in cold weather against the number 1 pass defense in the NFL?
Is it true Rangers fans go to Newcastle to taste big time football ?
Professional Wrestling: What did you think of World Wrestling Entertainment's Monday Night RAW!?
With the 4th pick of the 2014 NFL Draft the Houston Texans select....?
Exactly how long has manager David Moyes been a manager for Manchester United?
WRESTLING SURVEY : TRUE or FALSE : Size always matters?
I got suspened, but I'm back like Batista +WQ?
Who's won more European cups, Celtic or Sir Alex Ferguson?
Seriously why can't these stupid celtic fan accept they're crap?
Who are Celtic playing in the last 16 of the champions league?
what do you think the outcome of sting vs magnus will be?
what does the referee be telling the wrestlers?
I've run out of Celtic shirts, will toilet paper do?
Wdf man Yahoo canada has changed and it's ruined?
Would you come to AJ Lee's party if you were invited?
Will The rangers have to cut their cloth to suit and live within their means ?
Why do the 49ers half to play the Saints in New Orleans for third year in a row?
How can I get into shape and improve my tennis skills under these circumstances?
NFL- Do you think the NFL should get rid of the extra points?
USA Soccer World Cup Starting XI? Captain?
What good do concealed weapons do?
Scottish Football. Satty Singh & Dave King now majority shareholders?
When does the USA annonuce who made the Skeleton team?
Is this years one of the Hardest Ballon D Oros ever ? 2013-2014! Will Argentina have an easy Route?
SUPER BOWL XLVIII: will this showcase the LAST pocket passer?
Were you born when Liverpool last won the league?
Özil is overrated and Mata is underrated, Agree?
Is rooney playing tommorow no bs please?
Where will Özil be in 2 years when Bale wins Ballon D'or?
What are the benefits of hosting the Sochi 2014 Olympics ?
Can someone tell me how the hell this symbol came to be a logo for the Anaheim Ducks?
Only an Arsenal fan would say Özil is better than Gareth Bale?
Can Man utd really finish above an in form Liverpool and Tottenham who have both beat man utd?
What do other parts of the world think about American Football?
Moyes' Everton > Moyes' Man utd?
what fish can you catch from santa monica/ venice pier?
Is Vince Lombardi rolling over in his grave?
Did anyone get inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame last night?
Should I play soccer?
Iceland olympic questions?
MANCHESTER UNITED set to launch AUDACIOUS bid for CELTIC keeper FRASER FORSTER?
How many years has it been since Liverpool last win the league?
Did you know that in the last 6 pl games Özil had the same # of assists as Mata who played 360 minutes less?
Is it okay for a girl to play football?
Manchester United in for Dante?
Does Batista try to steal Pitbull's look?
Professional Wrestling: How come Professional Wrestling Fans don't seem to get these few things?
Why is it that Chelsea no where near top level managed to beat man utd 3-1?
I hate my job, company, manager, everything about it is just so terrible and weak I just want to leave?
D you think Ozil would play if he was a Chelsea player?
What do man utd and a back pack have in common?
Mata to man utd? Funniest joke I've heard in a long time?
Who will win the WWE World Heavyweight Championship at the Royal Rumble 2014?
Who will win the Royal Rumble 2014?
does Usain Bolt still wants to play?
Which Marshall art do I pick?
My kx85 will not start by kicking it?
WRESTLING : Which storyline do you wish was current in the wwe?
What do you like about the Superbowl? The commercials or the game?
Which team Denver Broncos or Seattle Seahawks in Superbowl?
Should i start training again?
Did Nikki Bella's car pick up Randy Orton last night?
why ishant sharma plaing in indian team?
MANCHESTER UNITED want to SIGN CAVANI - a good replacement for RVP and Rooney?
Am i in good position for tight end in football?
Question for the Aussies! Do you like Bernard Tomic and why was he getting booed at the Australian Open?
So is it 100% Batista will win the royal rumble?
Do you find this entertaining?
Who do you guys think will win the 2013 Super Bowl?
How many fps does it take, for an airsoft gun to go through a can?
WRESTLING : TRUE or FALSE : BATISTA'S return was the most boring ever?
Why wwe become so boring and unexited?
Should I trade Noah and carter-williams for dirk and lillard?
OFF TOPIC: What is the stupidest thing a girl has ever said to you?
With the 3rd pick of the 2014 NFL Draft the Jacksonville Jaguars select......?
What skimboard is right for me?
Who do you think will win the Capital One Cup between?
English game will never move forward unless we get rid of the FA?
Who has a better pout?
So, after what happened last night, who else thinks this match will happen at WM 30?
Any Southampton fans around here?
How much for a Colt AR-15?
LOLz look at what this member wrote about me?
Good pair of k2 skis for small, 135 lb male.?
did you know Batista is 1-0 in mma?
What do you think of Tom Brady saying he will not watch the Super Bowl?
I've been looking for a picture of the footprints poen with sand and water around it for my shin?
If The Broncos win the Superbowl should Peyton Manning retire?
Are stoners going taking over the super bowl?
Can oil damage the paint of a machete?
NFL- Do you think Mark Sanchez will get a shot to be a starting QB?
Is it possible to walk on a College Football Team without playing High School Football?
Where I can get some cheap sports tickets?
Does skaters use khaki? jeans or what kind of pants?
How can I get faster on my 40 yard dash and put on size?
Why yall hating on Richard sherman?
Since the game cannot end in a tie, how long could the Super Bowl go on before they call it a night?
Why do the fans cheer when wwe say the name of their city on the mic(whoever' cutting a promo)?
What would happen if you locked Richard Sherman and T.O. in a room together?
Who also agrees that Ricardo Lamas will beat Jose Aldo by Unanimous Decision and captures his belt?
Who do you think the Chicago bulls will sign in the nba free agency 2014?
Which free agents will the bears sign that includes the defense?
Can Jay Cutler improve to be more consistant? What about being more durable? I need to know the answers badly.?
Kyle Long Is a pro bowler. Emery did a good job. Will he do the same with the 14th overall pick in 2014 draft?
I just realized Veracruz is in 1st Division?
Trestman is the best coach in the NFC north behind McCarthy. Agree? Stupid lion fans disagree. LMAO Caldwell!!?
Is Batista and Brock lesnar going to bump heads at royal rumble/wrestlmeania or will wwe.......?
I need some soccer advice! So read below!?
Isn't it obvious that wwe will script brock lesnar to win his match at royal rumble?
Homemade urban ski bungee?
what's up with the thumb downs in the mfs?
WRESTLING : Who do you think will be the first to defeat BATISTA?
How Do you go semi pro at skateboarding?
Is it wrong to have mixed up tennis brands?
Can a hockey stick and a lacrosse stick be used as weapons?
Can a hockey stick and a lacrosse stick be used as weapons?
With the 2nd pick of the 2014 NFL Draft the St. Louis Rams select....?
Yall im 5'6 do u think its any pills that can get me tall as 6'2?
Does the MFS support Gays?
SUPER BOWL XLVIII: what is the word on Harvin?
Which superstar of this era is comparable to Kurt Angle?
Will Barcelona finally sign a defender this summer?
What color fishing lure do I use for each time of day/ water color?
Do gyms have lockers?
Are the Tampa Bay Buccaneers really giving Lovie Smith full personnel control?
I am going to say 3....what's the over/under on how many months before Tampa Bay fans?
Is Kenny Wisenhunt hiring Russ Grimm to be on his coaching staff?
Would it be funny if Cena's father was driving the car?
Good pair of Running Shoes?
Were you surprised That John Cena arrived late to Raw tonight?
what is up with all the trolls in this section?
WS Besides Batista's Return was Orton getting in that random car the only exiting thing that happen on Raw?
Wwere you surprised John Cena wears his wrestling attire when he travels?
What do you think of JBL believing Randy Orton stole that car?
Will the cake incident with AJ Lee cost her the support of Tamina and the Divas Championship?
Best 4-16x44 scope for less than $200?
what is your favorite wwe flim?
Would you had stopped to pick up Randy Orton?
Was that Camara man standing there all night?
What do you think of JBL saying Kofi Kingston should make a name for himself by beating Randy Orton?
And with the 1st pick of the 2014 NFL Draft the Houston Texans select....?
why does wrestling have non title matches?
With suitable travel insurance, funds, bank card and a place to stay, can I stay in Canada for 6 months?
I want to order something with express shipping how long will it take?
How would Israeli elders react if Jewish girls began swooning over the Arab Justin Bieber?
Are there any Jewish foods that Arabs eat or is it only Jews eating Arab food?
My ebay says that my cases are in transit and usps says no tracking could be found, what do I do ?
What motivates you ...?
please help me with ny sciene?
How far commute from chesterfield to UMSL?
How to go meerut from delhi via bus?
How can i get to Paris if i have no money?
How Virgin Atlantic Private Limited Company?
Does anybody live in Catford/Lewisham, London, in England?
Where is a good place to move?
What is the weather like in New York and Washington D.C in the spring?
Can I have an Example of a New Zealand address?
I am going to move to London in March 2014 for an internship. Any info on what I should know?
Is Virgin Atlantic no publicy funding?
Do you have people like Eric Harris, Dylan Klebold, Adam Lanza, etc. in Argentina or in Latin America?
Where should i live in Alberta, Canada?
Is it safe to take a taxi in prague ive heard its always scammers? any good taxy companies there? from airport?
Help Find the Right Caribbean Vacation?
do i call out or go in.. (bad weather conditions)?
I want to go travelling!! Advice please !?
what is squatters rights for apts in ny?
How do you send mail to Canada?
How long and where to stay in New York?
are there alot of gay men at New York University?
How old do you have to be to drive in uk?
Safest city to live in india?
Do western expats hang around with South Asian expats in Dubai?
I am travelling to New York City as an 18 year old.?
Does Israel have any form of football (soccer) tourism?
Disney Aulani Hawaii or Disneyworld?
what is the contact number of recruiting agency of british airlines in London?
British accents and phrases?
Australian car purchase?
Can Someone Use a Mexican consular ID to fly inside the US?
Need a bed space or a single room in Dubai.?
What was Kenneth Bae's Crime??
best ways to get around la no car?
Is anyone traveling to Brisbane next Sunday ...?
Any one know a easier way of making money?
Do airports offer short rides on planes?
whats the gay scene in japan like?
is the peoples of Quebec loyal to the Queen Elizabeth and her royalty family who are rein over Canada?
going to south korea, what should I prepare?
Do you have to place a stamp on a package (box) before dropping it off?
who is this kpop artist/korean/maybe actor?person?
Technology from Japan in other countries ?
What is the best country you have ever visited in your entire life?
Where might I buy a Universal Power Adaptor in Sydney?
How long will standard international shipping take?
Get a job in Ontario WITHOUT parental permission at age 16?
If I travel from Oodnadatta to Birdsville via the Oodnadatta Track?
Can I use usps priority box in a normal box for padding and pay normal rates?
Can you bring too many goods back from another country?
Does this prove how irrelivant & anti Australian unions are in Australia ?
What Are A Few Great Shops in Japan?
Do Russians like basketball?
Are the following American celebrities famous in Russia?
what can i do for 2 hours and 19 mins in a airplane?
What do I need to do to move from US to Ireland for an extended period of time?
ARE DISABLED AUSTRALIANS GETTING THE CRUNCH WHILE OTHERS HAVE CAVIAR FOR LUNCH ?
Can I fly alone at 17 years old? (NYC-FL)?
Anthony Mundine said on the ABC this morning he wants to enter politics & run for Prime Minister of Australia?
What is more important to Russian people, generally?
How to get over something dear to you that broke?
why did Russia accept the external debt from the USSR?
What makes Cancún different than other Mexican beach resort areas?
Is there school tmm ? In nyc?
I need help for my violence issues?
Why is Israel important and has a special status in Hispanic studies?
Which Los Angeles-area airport is closest to UCLA Medical Center?
Are drivers license heights correct?
Any good concerts coming up in Northern ireland / Ireland?
Can I wear my headphones during checking?
My husband has been offered a six figure + salary in the Caribbean. Would we be nuts to decline it?
Please can some1 tell me general guide to the differences in winters in say long beach and San Diego ?
What's a good modeling school.?
A kids TV show from the UK?
Is there a season for Australian flies?
Are there many Muslims in Sweden or Denmark?
Hey I am going to Disney World with my dad what stuff should i make sure we do?
Is Thailand homophobic?
How safe is South Africa for woman travelers?
Should Nelson Mandela's name be set above those of M.L.King and Gandhi for his non-violence credentials?
Why do Israelis consider Ashkenazim and Russian Jews to be separate groups?
What is an average rent in USA?
how safe is juarez monterrey mexico?
When is the best time to travel to Ireland?
What places in london have the LEAST blacks and asians?
which country you want to live without being the canada?
Why is Nauru following Morrissson's lead of silencing democratic right to know?
Suspicious All-State band judges?
When do Boston Red Sox tickets go on sale?
Need Russian army slang/lingo/jargon?
As US permanent resident can I enter Canada by air and return from there to USA by land route?
What's the weather like in Texas and what is there to do for a holliday ?
Question for all New Yorkers?
What is the best place to spend your 21st birthday in California?
I'm going to New York in a couple of weeks, can I take cigarettes with me?
Should I live in Boston or San Diego?
Should I live in Boston or San Diego?
Is the Museum of Natural History donation-based still?
Where to live in Hawai'i?
How much do Visual Merchandisers get paid in Seattle Washington?
NZ south or north island first? Question for locals or travelers!?
Which town is the best in florida to live??
How much money do I need to save to go to Florida ?
Filipino food menu...?
What makes Jerusalem 'your city?'?
If you had to choose next execution who would choose Aum Shinrikyo followers or Tomohiro Kato?
Can you backstroke to/for China?
City holiday destination?
Who is an Australian Citizenship Certificate signed by?
why dont british people like iain duncan smith?
japanese input method on JAPANESE keyboadrs?
Is it true or is it possible?
Jet Airways Airline <jetair.recruiters@dgoh.org>; is it a scam ?
Some Infos about Greece? :)?
Would you believe this?
How do I travel around Berlin?
What is going on in my Beloved Ukraine?
Is Dec a safe month to go on an Asian Cruise ( Singapore/malaysia) what's the sea condition on Dec?
Have any of you had recent experience with real estate salespeople ....?
Can't cancel my non-refundable hotel reservation, what should I do?
Is my bag too big for Ryanair?
Will Emirati men welcome the military reform by the shiekh?
What Japanese band is this? 20 points!!!!?
I'm 17, am I allowed to get a flat?
Is Australia an Expensive Country?
Where can I buy raw sugar cane in New Orleans?
What date/time will the opening ceremony of Sochi 2014 air in Canada?
a school girl in akihabara?
is my friend able to work ?
How to get to nearest Greyhound station from Newark airport?
What is the best way to travel to Ottawa, Ontario from Chicago, Illinois (or anywhere in IL)?
Can I go to lakshadweep this vacation ?
Package for military bf stationed in japan?
the leader of Canada will travel to the Russia Olympic?
On which terminal Gate B is located for parking my car at LAX CTA?
Did Japan islands used to connect to Korea and China a long time ago?
Any good Swedish bands/singers?
What Japanese jobs pay ?600,00-?800,000 a month?
how much is beer at the adelaide oval?
How should I interpret my social visit pass validity here in Singapore?
What is the salary of taxi driver in US?
Can a student passed from india get job in china or japan?
Australia Day is coming up ....?
where to get kunai knives in Japan?
Who is better Jacky Cheung or Edison Chen?
Why do people travel to the Middle East?
are there many interracial couples living in Austin Tx? and is it an issue for Austinites?
What is the most polonofobic country in Europe?
Weed and airport security?
Does Canada have saks fifth avenue and neimans?
Whats The Average Temperature In Arizona - By John Phanchalad?
Will you help me reform the Inca Empire?
How does Lebanon have the best parties?
What is a \Fixer\?
Australian men's fashion... will you embrace the return of short shorts?
Place in US that snows with beach near by?
Why would an Australian be deported from a supposedly friendly country?
i want to teach Arabic in Canada,what should i do ?
plane ticket to parris island from bwi airport in maryland?
Question for foreigners in the Philippines?
How is Christmas celebrated in Russia?
Going on a Band trip in April/May... What should I bring?
is it legal to camp on beeches in Rio during the world cup ?
Do all flights and airports have English service?
If Japan has a population issue, should not the Prime Minister set the example and have children?
Do hotwire.com have good rates on rooms?/are they legitimate?
Israelis/Palestinian conflict?
Is \l'ile d'Oléron and Cévennes nice places to vacation in france during the summer?
Is it easier to emigrate to the US permanently if you are wealthy?
Whats the cheapest way to get from Heathrow to Taunton in Somerset by public transport?
What is the best place to get coins for parking meters in London?
Can I renew my passport in person?
Things to do in NYC for a 15th birthday?!?!?
can anyone with a criminal record travel to brazil for the w/cup?
Will I be denied entry to Canada for temp visit (4 days)with my 5th degree theft charge from over 3 years ago?
What distance to arrive?
i dreamt on was on a cruise ship but it was after i died?
Shipping Cigarettes through UPS?
Can a US citizen stay in the UK after marrying someone that lives there?
was Turkish TV-series \Muhtesem Yuzyil\ translated in Japanese?
If you had to use a single picture - photo to illustrate Australia what would it be of...?
What's a good restaurant to visit in Canada?
traveling overseas and taking medication?
do Israeli people speak English very well? because it's like a second language?
Any New York recommendations?
What should I be expecting when I move to Paris?
POLL: Where should I go this summer? Dominican Republic, Jamaica, Puerto Rico, or Belize?
is it allowed to go the western wall to non jewish people?
How generous is your King?
what would gay men in japan think of me?
WHat happens if you use the red channel at an airport?
temporary cell phone in japan?
What do You think about Italy?
Why is Mitsuko a common name in Japanese horror / suicide movies?
How do I change back to Yahoo Answers U.S?
are there limits on emails?
does it matter to have a vocabulary or not?
can you reply to an answer?
How to change my first and last name?
How can I have the old format for answers?
How does one go to the Old Answers format? Links?
why is mail so stupid?
how do i ask more questions?
Why is Yahoo Answers showing up in the old format?
How do I find in which area I am a yahoo answer top contributor?
Which site has old version??
YAHOO.ANSWERS: Why do a few of my questions do not appear when I post them?
How do I remove a search bar?
Is \We Chat\ safe to send personal Documents & details?
Is \Line Chat\ safe to send personal Documents & details?
why account suspended?
How to choose best answer in yahoo answers?
How i can see the top contributor?
Why is it now possible for people to report questions asked by people they are blocked by? Its no longer ...?
When will Yahoo! Answers enable the new format across all countries?
what does it mean to follow a question on yahoo answers?
Yahoo Answers question?
Trouble changing YA profile picture on iPad?
How do I get someone off of my \everything\ tab?
Why was this question deleted?
what's wrong with yaHOO GAMES?
How can I stop mail from showing threads without deleting any emails.?
uk fire services, capped by camerons monkeys.?
What do I do now?????
is this real? http://mediajobnet.com/?id=73452?
Why is my question being deleted?
what happens to a questions if \no best answer\ ends up being the chosen best answer?
Why does Yahoo answers REDACT what you ask?
Is their any way to add detail to my question using the moble version of yahoo answers?
Why was the question deleted?
Why did Yahoo! take away everything good about the home page: reader view, no huge ads?
how do I save a draft so I can send it over and over to different recipients?
Is there a way to move emails back to the sent folder?
Not Receiving email!!?
How can i get followers on yahoo?
Suddenly over 50 contacts showed up in my contacts list for emails sent out. I cannot remove them what do I do?
How can I change Yahoo! Answers background color from purple to green?
Do YA! members who are Top Contributors just spend all of their time on YA! or what, respectively?
Are you easily offended by things on this site?
How do you make ur yahoo profil pic look like a cartoon ?
What is snapchat about?
do the yahoo answers group actually read the questions they bann?
what does ' Your question was restored 10 points ' mean?
How Do I Make My Questions And Answers Private?
Is eBay a trusted site? What should i do when (or if) my order hasn't arrived yet?
why do I suddenly get a security prompt and can no longer play word racer with a contact? We usually played da?
Can I get my account back?
HOW CAN i STOP POPUPS?
You received a violation -10 points (20 hours ago) View Question?
is it possible to revert back to previous version of yahoo?
yahoo answers question?
How do I reply to an answer on my own question?
How do I enable contact by email for my Y!A account on this new API?
How can other people on yahoo answers delete my questions?
new to yahoo just testing.?
how do i change my email on tumblr?
Hitler profile picture?
Did yahoo shut down all their chatrooms?
how to bulk download pictures form fackbook page and pinterest page ?
Why can't I attach anything to an email?
how to a link clickable?i m now level 2 but my link is not clickable.?
How do i get over this?
What is a good first yahoo answers question?
why do i have to log in again when i go to my emails after logging in already?
How can I gain it back?
Why do so many people give thumbs down to good answers in Yahoo Answers?
Dear yahoo answers community?
In the new yahoo mail and in contacts how does one remove contacts that are entered but that i did not enter?
I can't reply to my YA emails on my mobile?
Why is there so much hated for Flickr?
How to stop someone who keeps reporting you?
Did they do an update?!?
Did Yahoo Answers change their policy on answers being private and not visible to others?
Why do people never answer my yahoo questions?
does Foofblah101 sound like a guy or girl username?
how to change my picture profile to a lady?
How can I delete the Favorites provided by the new Yahoo?
What happened to being able to search for open questions?
How does someone get over 100% best answers?
How does someone get over 100% best answers?
Will Yahoo Answers fail ultimately?
how many hours after asking a question, will I be able to choose best answer?
Why is my question getting deleted?!?!?
Spam: some goes to the folder, but shouldn't. How do I fix this?
what happened to stationary in yahoo mail?
Are people learning how to read by looking at my questions?
Who here sells stuff on E-bay?? Got some questions for you!?
Why have people on Yahoo not been answering much lately?
What has happened to the Yahoo Answers User Interface?
I HAVE AN ADDRESS IN CONTACTS THAT I DID NOT PUT THERE?
How to restore damaged Microsoft Outlook personal store .pst files?
is there an app for yahoo tool bar letting us create a didposable address?
Why are people deleting my questions?
smtp.mail.yahoo.com without SSL?
Unable to access yahoo groups?
i need ADHD HELP please?
Am I getting scammed?
Can I answer the secret questions trough another account(not the recovery one)?
Is there a way to change my birth date on this site?
why most of my questions not showing?
Questions about getting wisdom teeeth out?
Ebay scam? Helppppp!!!!!?
Why con not find answer?
how can I remove Yahoo messenger?
I want to forward an email previous forwarded but do not want to send all the forwarded info with new forward.?
Ho do muscles grow? Do they keep growing or they reach a level then they stop?!?
question about weed place help?
Is it ok to ask again the same question to see how the answers change a year/month/ or any time later?
How would you react if I told you the exact date and time you were going to die?
I forgot mentioning city name in courier;-(?
How to cancel request to join a group?
I want to ask something but it's long, how can i use more characters?
how can I revert to the old yahoo mail?
What does it require to level up?
How to use my SBI atm card for online shopping.?
How can I grow up my yahoo point?
Is diamond a weird name to have?
Annoying ad keep pops out?
why does yahoo games ask for nickname and then never load the game?
What does this mean about meetup.com?
why cant i log on stuf stuf or inter comtest? i am a paid up life member.?
Can she still follow me?
how did two emails received on different dates get linked together?
I use Yahoo Mail and before when I would type an email letter I would have the option of selecting a?
what does the emoticon mean -.-t?
Is there some kind of glitch going on with the?
Is yahoo answers the best way to really answer your questions?
When you ask a question on this, is there any way you can delete it?
how can someone send me an email using my own email address?
How long do you think it will take me to ... 10 POINTS?
what is this, is it scam email?
How do I delete a question?
How to cancel my Yahoo Answers page when I'm logged in by Facebook?
Problems with Yahoo Answers?
What can I use as ID?
What does crunchy roll offer for free users?
Poll: Do you find Yahoo answers interesting anymore?
yahoo euchre problems?
Why can't I answer questions on yahoo! answers?
HOW DO i MAKE THE WORDS ON MY EMAIL LARGER?
name change does not appear on inbound emails?
wndows crashes every time i try to delete a mail from inbox?
TRYING TO Uninstall Yahoo toolbar from Google problem ?
(Blue) electric cig??
Can I throw away pendulum in the trash?
settings on my yaqhoo mail acount are small aqnd unreadable how do i fix this?
outfoxtv.com Why am I constantly getting this page along with yahoo homepage?
Yahoo Amswers.apk ????
What happened to the changed format, now dropped?
I feel bad for giving the wrong answers?
Why is no one answering my questions?
How do I reset email program so that sent messages are not labelled as spam?
Why does someone at Yahoo not answer the Qs about getting rid of unwanted contacts?
How do you replace your generic Yahoo photo with one of the \pictures\ that Yahoo provides?
Are there any lurkers on Y/A? ....?
What do i do? 10 points best answer ;)?
How do I give points for best answers!?
how does one get rid of the Hi, X-man in the icon that says I'm signed in?
how to delete my question in yahoo answer?
How can I revert to Old Mail PLEASE?
Where did the report-problems message board go?
Why doesn't Yahoo save my edits in Yahoo answers?
THE SITE IS MSLEADING, IT SAIDS ASK FOR HELP, LIKE IT HAS REAL YAHOO PEOPLE ON IT, NOTHING ABOUT BEING RANDOM?
Is my new Yahoo Answers layout broken or should it really be like this?
What are your thoughts on the \new\ Yahoo! Canada Homepage?
Good instagram usernames? *10 PTS!!!!?
Why do some users seeking knowledge choose illogical answers over logical ones?
Why do we have a limit on who we are allowed blocking?
How can I see messages that I sent and received?
Is it possible.... that some Yahoo Answers accounts are...?
Are you finding that you have to press subit twice to enter an answer?
Why was my question and other accounts linked to my computer deleted?
YAHOO.ANSWERS QUESTION: Why was this question of mine deleted?
is there a way too see if my messag has been read?
How to post YouTube videos on Yahoo Answers?
I have received a message from another user?
how to fix email attachments downloading problems?
How can I get rid of a pesky mulit-inentity troll who keeps getting me violation notices for factual answers?
What does this long and crazy dream mean, Best Answer 10 POINTS?
Newbie Troubles... How to reply to comments on your questions?
how can i move emails?
Yahoo Groups won't let me join groups ??
Are there similar chat rooms to the ones Yahoo had a few year back ?
Yahoo Answers... what category should I use for questions about drugs...?
What do you think...................?
Is there anywhere that tells how many?
Is there a list somewhere of the questions i am \following?\?
yahoo account blocked/hacked?
I created the sitemap page for my blogger blog but why does not the table of contents appear?
Kohls free shipping code 2014?
how do i change my alias?
how do you become a Top Contributer here!! help!!!!?
I want the email to read from the club I belong to not my personal name. I've tried to change settings?
Should we always get a point for each thumb-up we receive, or not?
