Does this seem like a good story idea?
What good things happened in the Elizabethan Age?
Which one should I do?
Can someone help me asap with photography ideas?
Where can I learn to play the electric guitar?
I need country naming help for my novel!?
What are the negative effects of rationing during WW2?
whats the best way to transition a character?
Which famous women throughout history has had brains and looks?
Would you rather be happy and poor and sad and rich?
How did life develop from nothing?
How can I Convince my Mum to let me Belly Dance?
what are some dark and mysterious names?
Were there any archaeologists in the medieval times?
can i learn some ballet at home online?
Can anyone tell me what book is this?
Werewolf story ideas?
What is the cost for singing/acting classes? (Children)?
Should I try out for the school talent show?? Or will I make a fool of myself?
I'm searching for a fantasy novel that had magic glass salamanders.?
I really need some life advice from someone wiser than myself?
Can anyone draw a picture for me?
Ideal camera for Night Sky timelapse photography - Under $1000?
I want to be a great actor some tips and info?
Where I was when I was licked on the wrist by a snow fox?
What do you think of this in a demon/angel story?
What do you think of this?
What's the name of this short story book thinking it's by stephen king?
What do you think of this poem?
What would be a good name for this story?
How was the zeitgeist of the 1880s in America different from that of the 1890s?
What is a good name for an old lady?
I'm thinking about writing a post-apocalyptic story..?
Should I accept a nudes photo shoot job if I'm a starting actor?
Describe the process of life in reverse. Start at death and end with life. From funeral to conception.?
I'm writing a book and I need help with last names?
why did some people remain loyalists during the American revolution?
If the World waits for no man; how long would it wait for a woman?
Three territories the u.s. Gain from the Spanish-American war?
What's an anime with a gifted or talented main character ?
Why is it that people believe that the pyramids of giza were tombs?! COMPLETE RUBBISH!?
Sohni-Mahiwal was the famous romantic couple in Indian history and Mahi is the nickname of Mahiwal?
Why do you read fiction novels?
Ship names??????,?????
What decade did the majority of racism stop?
Need help picking out girl names?
What are the best personal growth/buddha books?
I need help with my story?
Help! I'm scared, creepy things in my apartment when I got home from school and I'm alone :(?
What were the home advantages for England when the Spanish armada tried attacking them in 1588?
Are all actresses super skinny?
Do you need to know how to play an instrument for music class in high school?
How were the causes, practices and effects of WW1 different/similar to WW2?
Ways to overcome writer's block?
Where can I go to publish a book?
POEM ABOUT NATURE-- due tomorrow-- please help me gifted writers!!!!?
Good Name for a University?
Which one should I do?
how to start a realistic story?
what does \First Edition First Printing\ mean?
Character names for a book?
one of my family names is o'donnell am i related to the royal o'donnells?
Is the transition from good to evil too abrupt?
What books should everyone read for their own edification and why?
Why did William Shakespeare hate young love?
Why did many settlers move away from the early New England colonies?
I need help finding a book...?
When was Christmas founded as a holiday celebrating Christ's birth?
how can i fix this picture?
Can I make the characters in my book gay?
What's the original name of the city saint paul?
Should I ask my teacher if I'm the weakest in the class?
Should I ask my teacher if I'm the weakest in the class?
does any one know any books about witches and stuff?
can someone clarify this please?
Do you ever feel like the only thing that could fix your life is a reset button?
can someone give me a character summary on 'sean walsh' from the novel 'circle of friends'?
Flutes:Why aren't my D,E,F, and G aren't coming out right?
Help me remember the name of a book?
Would you accept or reject this??
Can you give me an example of an open end poem?
What's a good app for adding filters to photos?
Who likes my poem I made with my friends at school?
I need help with my story?
What do you think these characters are like based on their names?
In you're eyes whats the ultimate way of..?
What do you think of this story idea?
what do you think of these names?
How many pages should my screenplay have?
can anyone recommend me some sources,which talk about education in Victorian era?
Can you find 10 poem devices in this ode for 10 easy points?
How do I get this sound on my amp?
Poetic or not........?
Remember your dignity as a man The dishonourable life s not worth living Voltaire Kant?
Should I become an Actor?
During World War II, which battle was the first significant US victory in the Pacific?
What should I draw for my best friend?
What was the main reason Allied troops were horrified when they discovered Nazi concentration camps?
Good alien story title?
C/C How is this little poem?
Where does the surname (Graulau) originate from?
what should i write/put in a fancy journal?
How did slavery help eliminate and redefine African American culture in the united states?
Does anybody know of the origins of the KKK and the republican party?
Story Line,, What would you write about?
Please review my 2 poems?
Do Positive Book Reviews Weigh Out the One Very Negative Review You Get?
What are the 3 facts about India's castes?
Do readers generally prefer poems \straight from the neocortex\?
is the Canon 70D a sub par DSLR?
What's with all these kids thinking they're grown up?
Are the appearances of the characters in the Bronte novels based on the sisters, themselves?
Which of the following was a main cause of the decline of the Roman Empire?URGENTTTTTTT! PLEASE!?
Can someone help me \spice\ up this plot?
Which pov should I do?
Could I get paid just for writing ideas for books?
What are the differences between Edward Cullen in the book, and in the movie Twilight?
Which of the following was a main cause of the decline of the Roman Empire?
Is a male pov common in a supernatural teen romance?
How did the Hindus and Muslims of the Indian subcontinent address their differences after gaining independence?
Need some inspiration for a poem?
Which statement does NOT describe the economy of the Roman Empire?
When sorrow comes..remember that?
How you give is just as important as what you give?
4 pics 1 word? Cant find answer?
If you make mistakes,if you act like a human being?
Love cures people-both the ones who give it?
What is the best camera for taking pictures of music performers on stage?
Which version of this photo looks better?
I've been asked to join a band temporarily, should I join?
I need help with writing this story.?
How would you describe Haruki Murakami (author)?
Is the meter correct in this poem called \Acquiesce,\ any other comments or critique?
Do you comment on poems the writer calls \straight from the heart\?
How did Hitlers use of propaganda help him gain power?
how do you make a book out of paper?
Who to compare Leonardo da Vinci to?
500 word essay analysis on A good man is hard to find by Flanney O' Connor PLEASE!!?
I need simple story ideas about absolutely anything!!!!!!!!!?
How does Asher Diamond and Faith Price sound?
What does it mean to be in the light?
State of Consciousness: Could the matrix be real and we are all in a complete state of dreaming?
The mind: Do you believe the mind is both material & spiritual?
What do you think about this introduction to a story?
Which type of polymer clay/ which technique is used on these types of necklaces?
With all but the most expensive professional camera models, focal plane shutter cameras:?
What events lead to the civil war? History semester exam tomorrow!!!?
What do you think of this plot?
What soft wear do I need to write a book or story on my laptop?
Who wrote Mizanul I'tidaal?
Who said, “Dada is irony,” “Dada is anti-art,” “Dada will kick you in the behind\?
Who is the writer of Al Jami Li Ahkamil Quran?
Who wrote Fazaile A'maal?
What is a contemporary short story about gender inequality?
What were the causes and results of the second Balkan War?
Is cloning an ethical practice, even for organs?
We all bring something to share to the table of YA.. Whether it be love and laughter, or sadness?
Should I continue writing this?
Philosophically speaking.. When is Too Much.. Just far TOO MUCH? Can we have an overload that stops us from?
Are Mufti Taqi Usmani and Mufti Shafi Usmani related and when were did the die?
When was Hazrat Maulana Qasim Nanotavi born and where?
Anyone Know Any Good Fiction Books About Relationships?
Can the science we learn today,be considered as pseudoscience in future? Why and why not?
what Does Ask and it shall be give . seek and you shall Find?
why is Mongolia so less-significant these days when it was the biggest empire in history once?
a righteous act of war,do you agree?
Is there a deep, dark place in our minds?
what is the difference between museums and art galleries?
Are the message and summary in literary reviews (such as novel, poetry, short stories) considered the same?
Poll: can you help me solve this problem?
why original art work is so expensive?
What do you think of these book covers?
The Aftermath of the Collapse of the Soviet Union?
What is Legacy of the French Revoloution? Short answer?
I want to learn how to draw realistic pencil portrait mastery? Free or paid are fine?
Anyone know any websites where i can read books or novels online?
Isn't this dubious about the nanking massacre?
what is the historical and contemporary relevance of the collapse of the USSR?
What kind of topic/theme is scandalous for a romance novel?
What should I draw today? :)?
Can u imagine this beautiful world...without you?
What is a weird reading quirk of yours?
I just feel like I'm giving up. Advice?
Which cartoon design do you like better?
Why is it T&C apply and not Ts&Cs apply?
I can write dialogue in prose fine but I can't write plays or screenplays. How could I improve?
books or online articles about if Abraham Lincoln really is The Great Emancipator?
How Do You Act Within Acting?
What is the meaning of life?
You are planning on letting someone paint you?
Do I have any chance of joining the Cirque Du Soleil? (IN 10-15 YEARS)?
Women only what do you think of this Poem thanks :)?
Anthony Horowitz book series help?
Can you comment on this poem?
Will you critique this haiku?
what is your definition of a high class person?
Harry Potter Third Person Vs Percy Jackson First Person. which you prefer the most?
Where could I find this book?
In colonial America , the house of burgesses, the mayflower compact , and town hall meetings?
Do you think the majority of artists are simply out to make money?
Is it wrong to want to die young?
What was Rudyard Kipling's attitude toward the British Empire?
What technologies will there be by 2030?
Since when did personal computers become a necessity?
I am trying to find the name of a book I read a couple of years ago.?
Help! I need a song to sing for talent in a pageant :)?
are you afraid of the \self\?
Good music for a curse scene?
how do i get musical roles without experience?
is this a good prologue?
How to change myself.?
I'm having a hard time coming up with a name for my werewolf book/series?
My sister paid me to draw something for her, now she's taking credit for it?
westward expanison, ? how did it lead to sectional conflict?
Things to motivate such a lazy and uninspired mind?
Any ideas on how a bad boy and good girl should meet for my story?
Is this the answer to theory of everything?
Is it worth taking the Ancestry DNA test?
1930's Crossword Help?
Inspiration please!!?
The Outsiders - How do I answer this question?
Can a story have an introduction and a prologue?
What should the title of my story be and/or how should it end?
how often do you draw?
The best vanity publishers in the U.S?
Who did George washington capture at the battle of Trenton?
What are some current slang words/phrases used by the teenagers in Great Britain?
Anyone Know Any Good Fiction Books About Relationships?
How do you live each day like it may be your last when you know you must die someday?
Is this true? McArthur wanted to nuke china?
what was the last thing you drew?
What would you rate my drawing on a scale from one to ten?
What should I name my Snare Drum?
How to write a whipping scene?
can you fix up my writing?
Are we living in the Matrix?
Miscast selections for a girl? Must be a musical theater piece?
Describe how domestic war efforts were important?? please help!?
Why would someone lie about drinking?
Hoe to memorize an 8 minute monolouge?
Should I play Guitar or Violin?
I am having a \writer's block\.?
How to audition for a Equity show when you are non-Equity?
I wrote in public library books- will they notice?
I have a question please answer?
To Kill A Mockingbird -- chapter 12 questions? HELP!!!?
Was the US's grievance with the king or the British people?
Question on writing book?
I need help with the wacom tablet?
I need help for a 911 call in my book?
what are your opinions on these types of people?
How do I become a better person? How do I let go of my past?
Can you name a great accomplishment that somebody did on their own?
I need help with naming my book. Please help?
What are the good and bad things John Brown did?
SM Ent! Please help me out on what i can do?
What benefits an angry personality? What payoffs are they seeking?
When the Persian Gulf War was fought why did the USA get involved?
I play the cello, but better with my left hand and I'm right handed?
Suggestions for a monologue for an audition?
What should i name my guitar?
A brief poem called \History\, opinions?
Am I a good writer being only 11?
I love acting, I want to do it professionally, but I have a few questions.?
how to edit picture 80s style?
How Would You Describe These Characters Based n Their Names?
FBI - CIA or US Marshall for a character of my book?
any good title in mind?
Art medium to replicate surgical stitches?
I need help with story?
How much can I change history for a historical novel?
What are some of your favorite hobbies, interests that make you thrive in life?
Any title ideas????!?
What is more popular horror or thriller?
Does Rocksmith 2014 actually teach you how to play guitar?
Short chapter by chapter summaries for bucking the sarge?
CAN SOMEONE PLEASE TELL ME WHAT THIS SYMBOL MEANS http://www.flickr.com/photos/115132640@N03/12076651393?
Poetry title for my book?
Should I write a horror or a thriller?
has anyone published a good selling book without schooling like college?? If so how did you guys do it?
What do you think of this?
Where are you from? Please Critique my poem?
I no longer desire things?
Will I be able to get into Oxford for either Classics or Physics?
What's a good title for my story?
Do I have any chance of joining Cirque Du Soleil?
Is it me, or does it seem like the \powers that be\ want us isolated?
10 POINTS! How does one compete in the photography business?
Would you continue reading this?
What film industry programs should I learn?
Any Title Ideas for This?
Would anyone be interested in test reading my book?
Im starting to wonder if my great grandfather was part of a mafia?
How do I get creative ideas for my story?
fellowship of the ring ; did bill ferny live in the village of bree?
There comes a time in everyones life?
How are these names for my medieval fantasy?
Do you protect yourself by a fence?
You stare misfortune down with hopeful eyes?
What's a good book that covers Germany from 1919-1939?
There is only one way to enter this world?
Where the head goes..the feet will also go?
If you have unlimited wealth to create or do anything, what will you do?
is starwars based on a true story?
The annals of history tells us that Martin Boormann was more evil and devious than even Hitler. Is this true?
I'm going to a ballroom dance this month. What should I wear and what should I know?
When did the Red River Rebelion start? LOTS OF POINTS!!!?
how would someone who almost drowned (to death) react when regained consciousness?
How to build upon my instagram?
Book Recommendations for me?
What do you think about my story?
Why do I always hate what I've written a few days after I start writing it?
Flute with Braces? Help please!?
American History - Andrew Jackson?
What is the slowest ship to sink ever in history ?
Questions about Miami CIty Ballet Summer Intensive?
Would you make last minute changes, if God came back now?
What do you recommend for beginner pianist?
what can i do to prove myself worthy?
Wouldn't an infinite amount of things occur in eternity?
Looking for the title of a sci fi book I read about 15+ years ago? Help!?
Huckleberry Finn:Where does Huck finally hid the money?What was his original plan?
Can someone paraphrase this for me ? easy 10 points??!!!!?
what is your opinion on high school senior or graduate photos?
Experts on The Great Gatsby novel PLEASE HELP !?
In Huckleberry finn...How does Huck feel about the new deception planned by the king and the duke?
Free books on the Kindle that are about/take place in Hawaii?
What was the very first civilizations?
Do you think people have gotten less empathetic over the years?
is tickle-torture a real thing?
Ideas for short Frozen fanfics?
How does a polaroid camera eject a photo?
How to join two metal pieces?
Is Boggs black in Mockingjay?
What guitar should I get?
Best thriller books ever?
Is there a good site that tells you about all 3D shapes?
Law of attraction and destiny?
Who would win in a fight? Nathaniel or Harry Potter?
I need small facts about Marie Antoinette ( detailed! And Small)?
when should this story start off?
How are they related?
Which is the best name for this character?
Pol Pot killed 150,000 ethnic chinese. How come the Chinese government supported him till the end?
Girl's audition songs?
If you were in the Matrix, would you take the blue pill or the red pill?
what are some good creepypastas to read?
Can I do this or no...?
My reality doesn't have to match yours... yes?
how to do smoke/ink edits on gimp?
Did you kow that the physical/material universe is an Illusion (quantum mechanics)?
What is character analysis??
I need to read a french book, but I don't understand anything :)?
Was China the reason the USSR collapsed?
In the novel The Shining why did Jack become obsessed with the scrapbook ?
Has it come to.. we might all agree...?
Romantic wattpad storyline?
Constructive criticism on my photography ?
if Othello lived today, would we see him on the jerrySpringer show?
photographers, how has camera technology changed?
Why i am feeling so low for reasons which are not really reasons?
How did the textile industry affect the people of New England in the 1800s?
What is a real sign of intelligence?
\Octopus\ repost: Will you please cc?
I Need Help In History Please..10 Points Rewarded!?
Increasing film development time increases....?
What was Henry VII's relation like with scotland?
Can you help me decide the perfect title for my new poem?
How did Charles de Gaulle risk his life for the lives of others during World War II?
Truth thoughts.. what are yours to this quote?
How to turn an idea into a story and a solid plot ?
sites to find a novel of specific interest?
What is \Artistic Vision\ - HELP ME?
should I live or die peacefully?
Does anyone know of an artist called griffin that did pencil drawings in and around Bristol in th 1970s thanks?
Actor headshots guidlines?
Are there any Workshops for Actors in London/U.K.?
Help with world history?
What is a good name for this character?
For an audition, is it okay to go a little over 16 bars?
which would you prefer to read about?
Were the bolsheviks/communists/soviets in Russia ever punished for their war crimes?
why do countries not in direct combat get involved in bloody wars? (not world wars)?
Philosophical vision and insight... What does it take to \see\ and \be\ the light in the?
Philosophical Happiness... When you look in the mirror, are you smiling back at yourself?
Need a story element ?
Do you need to be good company to keep good company?
I need help with my story 10 PTS?
what is perfect in this world?
I don't think i really \get\ it?
As a reader, do you prefer 1st person or 3rd person narrative?
Good pop songs for an audition?
Lesson or point the author is trying to make in his story Adventure of the Crooked Man?
When do you suppose sad endings are more appropriate than happy ones?
How to show vs. tell?
What was Herbert Hoovers leadership style?how did he manage others?His relationship with colleagues?
Where can i find pdf of old books like the TMH IIT-JEE mathametics 2004 edition?
What was the tax structure like in france AFTER the French revolution?
What's wrong with all these humans? Why can't they prove that they exist? Do they(we) exist? ANSWER ME?
Is my manga good please take a look?
What are some things that make you really sad?
Is it too late for me to have a career in ballet?
May I please get some real feedback?
Trying to find out if the Richard Stanley Beal recommended for a medal is my great grandad?
Dyou think it's time I should write down some New Year Resolutions for myself?
Did the dark ages exist?
Are \metanoia\ and \epiphany\ similar things?
Should a civilization be marginalizing its poor & vulnerable members?
Has anyone read Mercy by Jodi Picoult? If so, how did you like it?
meeting a holocaust survivor?
Did McGonagall ever call Harry by his firstname?.?
How long would it take an adult beginner to get this good at comtemporary dance?
Do you like my fashion photo?
POLL: What is your list of 'must-read' books?
What could the consequences have been if India hadn't helped Britain in WW1?
DSLR photographers : Program to open RAW photos?
WRITING HELP!! How can a mafia boss, a photographer and a drug addict doctor can become related in a story?
Do you guys like my story ?
What do you want to achieve before you die?
What is your favorite color of paint?
What would you do if you found out your life is a reality TV show?
What if other people notice your voice sounds different recorded?
Are these really immoral? Why? *warning explicit*?
How does deTocq characterize liberty in relation to social equality?
Any tips on how my characters should meet? !?
Is my story any good?
fashion, graphic, commercial designer. help?
What is the easy way to help others ?
Is my story any good ?
What do you think of this story plot?
what is the meaning of dangerous knowledge? what can it do? why?
PLEASE I NEED FEEDBACK?
How to grab a readers attention when writing Fantasy Novels?
Which U.S. Military branch do you think has the best quality history?
What program used to make this deviantart artwork?
A Whole Lifetime of Love Poem if you could if you would C/C for me Please?
Name of this poem or short story?
What book series am I thinking of?
I wanted to ask you guys a question about this book..!!?
Who is this a portrait of?
What program other then photoshop can I use to make a picture look like a color sketch?
What are you hoping will happen after you die?
Does anyone actually do what Augustus do in the fault in our stars?
How to find the protagonist's conflict (plot)?
Any advice for a new burglar?
should I live unhappy? loneliness is killing me?
What's the difference between a duke and a baron?
which modern event is associated with the crusades the most clearly?
sometimes I like to seperate myself from other people on account to the way I think........?
How can i look for a book's title based on the name(s) of character(s)?
which crusade did not involve fighting the muslims?
What do you think of this?
How do I find out the tribal name of my Great Great grandmother?
Need one shot manga ideas!!!?
What are some books I can read that can improve my writing skills?
What happened at the end of the book crank?
How accurate are the admixture calculators at GEDMATCH?
who really blinked during the cuban missile crisis? was it kennedy or the soviet premier? why would?
Any ideas for a one shot manga?
What makes you happy in life?
I would like to know the existance of all things or maybe even hints i could possibly piece together.?
Why is it so fun to troll atheists?
Why is Twillight popular?
Can someone write a summary of my story for me?
What happened to the declaration of the rights of man and citizen after Napoleon?
huckleberry finn symbols?
A good title for this story?
Is the name Isabelle cliche?
TWILIGHT FIRST BOOK HELP?
Ideas when I say royalty story ideas?
Should I laminate my acting headshot?
What can I write about for my history paper?
What do you think of my poem? (Ugh, I know, but please give me feedback)?
How to take down a photo on someone else's instagram.?
how did Muhammad Ali remain independent during the age of imperialism?
Twillight is better than lord of the rings, am I right?
How did reforms made by sultans divide factions in the Ottoman Empire?
Any good books for 14 year olds?
How do I get started in acting?
How can I explain a kiss?
Please checkover my united states history? 4 questions?
What accesories do i need for a guitar?
As the mind is special, have you ever been trusted to much?
How do I get an acting agent?
What is a daemon in the book the golden compass?
Is it better to get the 18-200 mm lens instead of the standard 18-55? Nikon?
Are writer's conferences worth the money?
What do you think is meaning of life?
Establishing a main character in a multiple pov book..?
how did Marilyn monroe persevered?
what Does it mean if you Procrastinate on Career Choice?
Philosophy on the toilet seat: Will an outdoor toilet survive a earthquake?
HELP!! I need to write and play a composition on a keyboard, but I can't write one that is easy but pretty?
Was Feudalism an effective governmental system in Europe?
James Patterson is a crappy writer. What lessons can we learn from such a crappy writer?
A good title for this story?
Which book of the A Song of Ice and Fire series is the best?
How much do viola lessons cost??
Which was not a characteristic of the culture of ancient Greece?
Would you consider this a form of plagiarism?
things invented by Canadians in the 1900s-2000s?
Does evil stem from ignorance?
Nazi concentration camp freedoms?
Which table should I buy for digital drawing?
Which of these protagonist's names sound decent?
Did we win the Vietnam War?
Is the present moment (here and now) the only thing that is real?
Give me a description of your room?
Was the German Empire (1871-1918) anti-semetic?
What do you think of a Japanese girl playing a bass electric?
Who was the best \First Lady\ of the US, and why?
Do you know of any professional pianist that are book writers as well?
Was Sacagawea taken by Hidatsa Indians or Shoshone Indians and where was she taken?
How can you say that you are not dead?
Wattpad Scum Pimping?
Would you feel \great\ if a wiener was named after you?
Tips on role playing?
How to keep a great diary of teenage years?
How to put 3 pictures into 1 picture?
How to get used to drawing digitally?
what if we were all part of some guys imagination?
I need help with my story?
Phantom of the Opera question?
Creating a title for a piece of art?
what did great brittain and the soviet union think when we nuked japan?
Help writing essay for to kill a mockingbird?
What was this book publishing webpage?
Story about girls at a boarding school: plot ideas?
Would this novel structure work as a concept?
If Lenin did not die in 1924, how the history might be different?
Is there such thing as a private acting class meaning you and your acting coach 1on 1?
Which should I do....?
Differnce between artist brushes and hardware store brushes?
What should I wear to an opera?
Becoming a professional modern dancer?
If my grandmother was from Mexico would that mean I have Aztec/Mayan ancestry?
Where does internal peace come from and do all humans have the potential to?
Do other authors do this?
Should I catch up with the dwarves?
Are historic cave drawings a historic means of social media?
Which title for my story?
What do you think of this idea? (revised)?
Help me with my story please continue it please!?
what are the 6 different color classifications? (Ex: intermediate, primary)?
What does balance in life mean to you ?
What does this sentence mean?
Book about a Russian guy named Vitia?
How do you make wolf ears?
how did MLK's 'i have a dream speech' contribute to american culture?
What happened to the world?
What nationality am i ?
Character name ideas?
Can you look someone up on Ancestry.com for me?
did women play a significant part in early Hollywood?
I need some suggestion/help with my story?
What was hitlers education like?
How is this done in movies?
Is it ok for a 14 year old girl to draw other naked girls.?
What is being yourself?
Simple questions on the french revolution?
what to do with clay sculptures?
I need help with my story?
What are you're opinions on one direction?
What didMartin luther king jr do?!?
What did the Japanese-Americans have to do in world war 2 ?
please help...........?
Fanfiction - Story Life?
In The Book Thief, what do the colors represent?
Critique My Philosophy of Life?
Help with themes and Shakespeare ASAP PLEEEEASE!!!!!!?
I don't understand Game Of Thrones?
Name for boarding school **PLEASE READ DESCRIPTION***?
Where can I find a pedigree for tetrachromacy?
how did religion impact early colonial formation and settlement in the colonies?
How to plan to write a novel?
Is it possible god lives through humans?
How can I do better at drama ?
Who was Britain's equivalent of Louis XIV?
how to share my photos with everyone?
Abracadabra ! something has appeared in the magicans hat?
why did the iron industry decline in south wales?
If you were to boldly draw what no man has drawn before?
during ww2, which was Germany most reliable infinity unit and why?
Need help names for villain henchman?
What were some jobs available for the mentally ill in the 1930's ?
a question about honor in Medieval England?
What do you think about my photo? (it's for an art exhibition)?
Novel ideas? Suggestions please?
Need Writing Help! The main character will have this armor! Can someone please describe it in great detail?
anyone care to guess what it is?
Would you give me your critique or reactions to this poem, Perfection Faced Me?
Badass names for my character?!?
what was hitler like at 18?
What are the most important HISTORICAL events from 1988 to 2013?
Tell me cute first and last names i need them for my novel.?
Novel Plot Ideas suggestions?
Favorite and least favorite book genre?
Is it normal to love writing but hate reading?
what do you think about this camera?
What do you think of my story idea?
What countries fought on the Eastern Front in WW2?
I need help giving a title for my book?
What's stopping you from being your 'authentic self'?
whats the book roots like?
What style of dance can I learn?
Does anyone feel like they're longing for something nothing of this world can satisfy?
how can i start a letter to elie wiesel ?
Macbeth help please!?
What is the meaning behind this quote?
When can I start pointe?
Renaissance photography?
How to write a blind character?
Please, how can I get votes??
I am writing a modern adaptation of Snow White and need some help!?
I need help? For my story! Best answer?
Explain why anabaptists were persecuted during the Reformation.?
Is it possible to memorize a 1000 word monologue in 5 and a half hours?
How did the following nations/ people maintain independence during this time of imperialism?
How to improve rhetoric?
Is this example a PARADOX?
Why/How was Henry VII unsuccessful at foreign policy?
How to write a good fiction book?
How do you practice film making without actors?
Why are you all here?
selfish or selfless? what is the right path...?
Wattpad Story Title Idea?
Opinions on something please....?
how far can I go as a black ballet dancer?
What kind of teen/fan romantic fiction do you like?
3rd man (cuban missile crisis)?
Writing Contest Help...?
What is cubans feeling about the U.S after the spanish american war ?
What is a single word for an artist who draws?
I wrote this pretty fast...can you suggest ways I might improve it?
Which edition(s) of the Holy Bible are available in LARGE PRINT?
At 36, is it a safe assumption my life is more then half over?
How to write down the year of birth and death when someone is still alive?
What is cubans feeling about the U.S after the spanish american war ?
Has a random act of kindness ever changed your outlook on life...?
Do any one want to create\\join a social group for teen who can draw,create anime,or write\\storielines?
Mounting paper/making it dry flat?
Can you help me find grammatical errors in a few books?
casting directors or websites for auditions????plzz?
So, ya don't want a hug... does that mean you should stop (begrudge) others who do?
I Wrote this for You (book)?
Book suggestions from YA (Young Adult) genre?
Great Pyramid of Giza not a tomb?!?!?
Why does my girl friend always give me a disappointed look when she's reading her 50 shades of grey books?
where can i read online books for free?
Based on the reading.. \The Road Not Taken\ by Robert Frost?
Is the Lorraine motel still there in Memphis?
How to become a pro pole dancer?
Frodo Baggins Cosplay help?
Why don't some people accept that someone is naturally quiet?
How do I learn to draw like this ? what should i practice ?
WRITING A BOOK COVERING MY IDENTITY?
I suck at drama now :(?
What do people need more of.. and...?
Can you list out the very important few historical events that occured on jan 22?
What can I use as an alternative to paper confetti?
how does one know if he is enlightened or not?
Spoken word poem/ freestyle poem....what do you guys think 1st time writing one.?
How long did prohibition in the u.s. last?
I hate it when people think that nihilists are dangerous to society?
why, how, and to what degree were the roman republic and roman empie able to achieve long-term political and r?
If you could write something to change the world.... what would it be?
was tea around in the middle ages?
To what extent was Alexander the Great solely responsible for his successes?
In 3 paragraphs, make a prayer on being contented on what we have.?
Anime & Manga: Are most people that view Anime and Manga today not actual fans?
Interesting mystery or fantasy story ideas/plot ideas.?
Recommand me a romantic sad novel.?
I'm writing a story about an action movie, can any one help me?
How much do manuscripts sell for in the UK?
Looking for books at the library?
Lord of The Flies help?
Ongoing Anime that doesn't have pointless filler?
Dear Huggers&Kissers: Do you think your actions (PDA) on Y!As would impact negatively on your married life...?
How do I find the editor of this book for bibliography? (For uni)?
What is the meaning of \Better to be content in this life, than aspire to it in the next\?
What \veil\ do you hide behind?
What are the most annoying/admirable traits of female characters in books?
I need help indentifying this fictional 50's camera?
What does this verse tell us about how we should live or lives?
How do I find out my talent?
how do you get into voice acting?
Is anyone on here a childrens entertainer? Or has to put on some kind of show ?
Where can I get photos to start a Poster & Giant Wall art business?
Looking for title to an older teen book?
actor playing Gibbs NCIS?
What can you interpret from this poem of Philip Levine?
I Need a Gaming Logo?
why do girls write so many stories about one direction?
Please help me with this witch book title!! I can't remember!?
Which is better 'Sun and Moon, Ice and Snow' by Jessica D. George or 'Ice' by Sarah B. Durst?
Which world would you like to live in: A fake one or a real one?
What guitar should i get?
How can I express a girl I'm in love with my feelings for her?
What was the Transatlantic World like on the eve of the European Age of Discovery?
Can you critique my poem? I haven't revised it yet, know it needs it.?
How do I draw little white hairs/ whiskers in graphite?
Help for my the War of 1812 homework questions?
Wording for gaining a network of people?
in the book the giver why would jonas running away give the memories the community he didn't die,?
music what is the difference between a clavacord and a harpsichord?
What is a good anime?
Writing a short story? What do you think of the synopsis?
Need help with World History?
Is there any specific order for reading Tamora Pierce books?
how quiet can you be?
I love ballet, but why do I always get negative comments here when I say I don't love Swan Lake?
Can a arrogant person preaching about humility make them superior?
Is it bad to get into the plot of my story right away?
what is the name of that famous painting?
Critique this poem................................?
Did you know that WWII was started by aliens!?
What is the summery of Brutus's speech in \Julius Caesar\?
In history, Young teen native indians girls were shown naked in the photos(got on searching google) do they re?
In what direction does the circus performers face the aduience when performing?
If life ends does time stop?
Does destiny choose who will be great or is it decided by us through hard work/training?
Good last names for book character?
what makes heros likable?
How do i make a logo like the \Pop Tarts\ logo?
Modeling and acting opportunities when in a state pageant?
What are possible titles for my short story?
opinions on my dystopia story idea?
How did Japan defy traditional western dominance of the time period?
Poem...would comment/critique?
How many horses were killed throughout all the Wars involved?
why do i feel sadness for no reason?
What are some forms of character development?
How do I find motivation to write?
Really different \lord of the rings\ type names?
Any ideas for a good title?
What is the meaning of human life?
Slavery question: what or who officially ended slavery in the United States of America?
What is anaphora? A type of poetry?
How do you learn to not get easily angered by what people say?
Which famous artist is known for this?
Is this okay for a (brief) summary of my story (in other words, would it interest you)?
What type of crime should my character commit? advice?
Is it competitive nature or competitive nature's?
Critic my poem? Be brutally honest! Give it to me straight aha.?
The book flowers in the attic?
What are causes of the Quiet Revolution in 1960s Quebec?
Harry potter sees horsebat things for first time?
Two short poems: \History\ & \Rats\. Criticism, opinion etc?
What do think you will be next creature that everyone will write a teen romance about?
What's some good names to fit some of the characters in my book?
What is your biggest fear?
Who was the best American President of all time and why?
I need help looking for this book.?
I wanna be a hero!!!!!!!?
Where will you want to live in the world?
What does it mean when you seem A LOT happier when you're alone and not around people?
How did medieval soldiers not confuse friend and enemy?
Question about Christian history..............?
Help with a full name for Sam?
What does the Man in the Arena struggle with today?
Any astronomy books for beginners?
What is the intellectual or artistic quality of Mrs. Dalloway?
So I will be going to SM Global Audition?
What is your biggest regret?
Guitar Plays the Same Note?
What was the traditional form of dating in the 1920's to 1980's?
I want to be a DJ, don't know where to start?
Can someone tell me how Julius Caesar died, not from the view of the conspirators?
Trying to find a book?
Why were most of the great inventions made by white people?
How to use a tessen war fan?
How long does it take for a person to learn to play piano?
What do you think of this line?
When did Christmas become a gift giving holiday?
Does Occam's razor statr in a roundabout way that simplicity is best?
What will happen later in this modern world?
need help for character names?
Which type of story would you rather see?
What are some things you have been?
Who Am I? (Padded with extra words because Yahoo doesn't understand \pithy\.)?
How to draw lines like this?
What does it mean to YOU...?
I'm looking for a name for a character help?
Philosophically speaking, what is a word?
I live in Dallas, Texas. I want to be an actress?
is life too long or too short?
Theories as to how history would have changed if Hitler were accepted into art school?
How do I make simple but historically accurate Native American costumes?
I'd love to use \White Lies\ as my poem's title but I'm not sure what to write about?
Le phantom de l'opera quotes. HELP FAST!?
What's a good drawing software for drawing and coloring?
John Green? 10 points to the best answer!?
Should my dance with my honorary males be merengue or bachata at my Spectacular 17th?
do you think this would be a good book?
What are the causes/effects of the Bantu movement and settlement on the environment of Sub-Saharan Africa?
Whats your style of guitar playing?
Need help on title: \My ___ Life\ ?
What's one thing that makes you happy?
did hitler have children?
what type of music if any was played at executions in medieval times?
Tips on becoming a writer?
Does anyone recognise this children's book plot?
Can you help me with the plot of my modern fantasy?
Where is the Danish census for 1888 that can be read in English?
What book series should I read next?
Bad experience at a ballet center in Suffolk NY? Where to go to a better experience? SY?
How to avoid a Mary Sue? Tips?
Inscription inside civil war book?
Any poems with the theme of Revenge?
Did Johnny Cash ( country singer ) really work as a code breaker in the U S airforce in Germany?
Is typing something from a book and selling it illegal.?
what happens if a fan fiction story is stolen?
What is art GCSE like?
Would an 8,000 word chapter be off-putting?
Is there a easy way to convert a large amount of printed photos to digital?
What is a fake supernatural creature name?
How to tell your parents about your dreams?
Should I give credit to the artist?
when typing a story do you use standard manuscript format?
Would like opinions on my photography!?
What were some of Charles Martel's political views?
cute & creative tumblr name (plus ideas on things i can waste my time on! :> :>)?
how to be stoic. im sure some of you became very cold ?
What is this the name of this book?
What are these artist using when they use the materiel in this pic?
Needing help to come up with an alias identity?
Based on my character's personalities, what would you guess their names to be?
What did the ccf believe in?
Evolution of an idea. Can you please critique this poem?
The opening of my thriller novel?
Is this poem too fuddy duddy? Please critique it for me?
Who was in charge of Italy during the 30s and 40s Mussolini or Victor Emmanuel III?
Fanfiction writing perspective?
Creative name for a shoe shop ??? 10 points?
finger pick g chord on the guitar?
Flowers In the Attic (movie/book)?
Calling all fans of The Mortal Instruments, could you please explain EVERYTHING about what the series is about?
Any critiques for this photo, please?
Who killed Remus Lupin in the final battle of Scotland?
What are some tips on writing and publishing a book?
My bad dream Poem ........ C/ C if you have time thanks?
I have a question about Roman schooling?
Why would millionaires decide to build homes close together during the Gilded Age?
What happened between the French and the Americans during the Vietnam War?
names in early 1900's?
Do you happen to know any book like this?
Human vs. Dragon... Who would you root for? (read the description)?
What are the major historical events that happened during the 1920s?
How to Improve my Photography?
What could I call my werewolf pack?
Fictional writing punctuation, quotation marks, Jim thought, .....?
when does the PHANTOM sing Wishing You Were Somehow Here Again?
What was the happiest moment of your life so far?
Help me collect opinion as much as I can about my novel (just opinions about the length m, the cover, and …)?
Favorite book in the Divergent Triology?
learning guitar? need help?
Describe a red carpet?
Philosophical question : WHO ARE YOU ?
What Does Malvolio Look like?
what happened to the french after the battle of the plains of abraham?
What do I call my 2nd cousin's children?
What does 'In search of solid ground' mean?
Simple beautiful logo?
Witty insult for a flake-y woman(preferably without profanity)?
Is it wrong to pretend to be gullible?
i wrote a story and someone got trapped in a box and i dont know what to do from there?
Should I play saxophone while playing horn?
i bought this book and now i dont know what to use it for because its really pretty?
You have Faith and you have never been afraid to use it?
How to incorporate a series of shots in a script?
How do you learn to forgive yourself?
What do you think to this idea for my story?
What's the difference between Lord/King/Emperor and Land/Kingdom/Empire?
true or false-if lying brought no advantage it wouldn't exist?
How do you stop living life in fear and fear from rejection?
How to publish foreign books in US?
Need inspiration for a nerdy female character?
How can discipline take you higher in life ?
How should I summarize Great Expectations by Charles Dickens so I don`t give away everything?
Do you believe that discipline could take you higher?
Are girls or boys more commonly potrayed as villains in books?
What's your opinion on this quote by Chuck Palahniuk?
What would happen if we could use our full brain potential.?
How do I send pictures I've already taken on snapchat?
Writers - any chance of a little feedback?
Starting out drawing..Any tips or suggestions?
There any good for books teens?
I want to read game of thrones?
How did art influence people during The Great Depression?
How to get inspiration to write a book, and win the contest?
I have absolutely no idea what my dreams and passions are?
Good acting agencies in Florida?
________________ traces its roots to the prophet ________________, who was born in the Arabian Peninsula.?
Two sweet words difficult to say in life............?
Its been a year...still cant do splits!! Advice ?
Is it cheating to use a curve ruler,ruler,etc for hand drawn animation?
Why are there less good people than hens' teeth?
Books: what is the future of supernatural teen romances?
Should bad sex stories be used for entertainment in a book?
How did Darwin's 'On the Origin of Species' strengthen religion?
who is that someone who motivates you when you are down?
Descriptive paragraph about hearing whispering coming from a room in your house?
I'm writing a story where a character, who is a writer has a certain disability.?
Do u think this is a short novel, It's better to be a comic story, and what is ur opinion about the cover?
Is my book good, and is it YA or adult fiction? Answer both parts, please.?
How can a community benefit from dancing?
I am unable to see how much my book is worth?
Which blurb do you prefer?
What constitutes “living a full life”?
Which short stories are missing from The Greatest Adventures of Sherlock Holmes?
who where the druids?
Is it a good idea to live with my husband and my sister?
Why don't humans fly?
Is there anyone on Earth who has never been unhappy or sad?
Why is Shakespeare's work considered one of the best?
Is reading better than watching?
When you doodle, what do you doodle, and what do you think it means?
Can we consider Bigbang model to be phallic?
Photographers, do you think the current trend towards mirrorless cameras will affect DSLR advances?
Suggestions for a good book series?
Do you remember dreams like memories? C/C?
Do you like this character name for my book?
Is it okay to get obsessed with things when you're past your teens?
Language Techniques in this poem?
When should the rising action start in a book?
How many of you can answer my question on \Amazons Breakthrough Novel Award Contest\ ?
To what extent were the failings of the Weimar Republic responsible for Hitler being appointed Chancellor?
I need 2 contrasting 2minute monolouges for an audition and they have to be from an original play?
What nickname do you think suits best?
How did the British Empire take over Canada?
Why wasn't Germany divided after world war 1?
Which of these books should I re-read?
Has anyone else noticed how scientific discoveries are slowly hollowing out our existence?
What do you know about \Hades\?
Please help me find this artist's tumblr from this picture! Or try to read the picture!?
Some publishing matters about characters?
How do I do the Poetic Justice Braids, Also Known As Janet Jackson, Box Braids?
What is your passion in life?
we support clients on professional level not on personal level ?.?
Club feet ballet??????
Castillian succession crisis; How did Henry VII intervene?
Did the Berlin Wall successfully keep the West Germans coming into paradise East Germany?
how do I make something similar to this?
My mom was born on a british warbase in germany. is she german or british?
Why is character design better without background scene ?
What makes you happy?
What were the justifacations for Norse Viking raids?
can someone help me write a story ?
Are musicians friend and guitar center the same companies?
Why does The Book Thief have to steal books?
how many wings did the wright brothers test in their wind tunnel?
Out of all generations, what was special about the Baby-boomer generation?
What is life for you ?
Out of all past generations, what was special about the Baby-boomer generation?
i find relationships extremely scary because there are no guarantees? why risk that?
What would you like to see happen in 2014?
Who was the ruler of Crete and Sparta during the reigns of Phillip II and Alexander the Great's reigns?
Why and with what results by 1790 was the estate general called in 1789?
Have you ever experienced the \got nothing to lose\ phase?
What Civil War book should I read next?
Help me with this poem?
where will we all go in the end ?
What is the meaning of life?
What friction books can you all recommend me ?
''why the world exists''?
What do you think of fanfiction?
What is the most thing your afraid of in life?
Is a Wacom tablet good for beginners?
Bad humor? what is the name of the idea they had in 1700-1800 medicine?
Where can I find this?
Which relationship is more disturbing?
If you could live forever under this one circumstance would you?
Is this story idea interesting?
Are there many different ways of saying good morning?
Do you find that this earth is a beautiful world?
Lead guitarist vs. Soloist vs. \Riffing\?
How do I price my photography services?
What is the book to read for personal growth or making more money?
Sad about Character dying? help?
How can i be totally alone mentally?
Calling all book lovers, do y'all do this?
im looking for the name of a book?
what is the tone of the authors toward the goblins in the hobbit?
How to find meaning in life?
Hunger Games the book not the movie.?
What do you think of these futuristic names?
Need a Stage skit that involves 8 to 10 characters for 10 - 15 minutes.?
Which plot should I use?
In antiquity and the middle-age , could a king said there is no nobles anymore and delete the nobility ?
In the middle-age , why did people accept the lands are the property of the lords or belong to the lords ?
I don't like to read stories. Is anyone like me?
How do you find the source in the books?
what is your definition of INDEPENDENT WOMAN?
Rockette Summer intensive audition tips?!?!?
What was life in Chinatown San Francisco like during 1910?
Can \A Chorus Line\ be performed with an ensemble?
Why did the Canadians remain loyal to Britain during the Revolution?
Is Happiness a Choice?
WDYT of the name Ashlyn?
What do you think of my long short story (or short long story)? chapter 5?
What percentage of cherokee am I?
Could I get a school portrait at Sears or JCPenney?
Will you read and c/c on perfectionism ?
How Do I Maintain My Guitar In A Good Condition?
A short poem about The Plague: will you please cc?
Why did the Canadians remain loyal to Britain during the Revolution?
Will playing without vibrato ruin my chances to play in college?
What are your practical ways of showing love?
What are the best quality erasers to buy for sketching?
From the span of 25-40yrs old how do people priorities change?
What was the outcome of the American Revolution?
What do you think of my long short story (or short long story)? chapter 4?
What can I do to impress a girl.?
which goods were produced in medieval venice?
Dance Solo Skinny love Dance moves?
Roles of women in the late 1800s early 1900s?
What is the name of this character?
Why did the Egyptians believe that the Pharaoh was a god? What proves that ?
can quality of life be maintained if work quality is ignored for money?
Is it better to start playing guitar at a younger age?
What Was Roswell Incident?
What camera lens should I buy for shooting in Italy?
best materials for water coloring?
who among you is telling the truth?
why does my polaroid camera pictures come out completely white?
Why is there so much information, stories, history and interest in Nazis these days?
Books similar to this? Please Answer!!!!?
What name should I use for the main characters in my story?
How do you count a dotted sixteenth note?
What do you call it when a story uses stormy weather to add dramatic effect?
How can i make a Picture look like this?
Where to Find an Editor?
My mom thinks I'm fat even though I'm 96lbs...?
Have you ever been a fish out of water or a spider without a web?
To all Tolkien fans: what order should the LOTR books be read in, including The Hobbit?
Are ancient book titles still copyrighted?
Who were Alexander the Great's friends and the soldiers in his life?
If it takes a supercomputer 40 minutes to simulate one second of one percent of Human brain activity?
Which intro is better?
What font does chubbies use?
Analizee this poem for me? 10 pts .. ASAPxD?
What is the first step I need to take to be on broadway?
Is this a good idea for a young adult novel?
Are there a lot of people in America with the last name Eschweiler?
What do you think of my long short story (or short long story)? chapter 1?
What do you think of my long short story (or short long story)? chapter 3?
What do you think of my long short story (or short long story)? chapter 2?
Causes of the Stock Market Crash?
How did the Romans/Vikings tell time in years?
how can you tell if a story would be better in present tense than past tense...?
Writers: When can you get in trouble for pop culture referencing?
Rate these John Green books best to worst.?
what is a good argument against the Kant's golden rule?
Can you get your book published if you have an online degree?
Question about the Hobbit?
What do you think about my drawing? (line art)?
Do you think that most of the people claiming to be happy, really are?
Favorite fiction teen books?
What is this exercise called??
What Would Sherlock Do?
Why was Protagoras of Abdera important than and now?
Need some advice on how to write this?
Would you hit reset, delete or fast forward on moments from your life if given the chance?
What's your opinion of my poem? Advice!?
I suck at acting, any tips ?
What do you think my drawings are worth?
How do I put this into words?
What is your biggest regret in life?
Question About The Hobbit?
A major reason the Japanese government was involved in the Second Union?
Why cannot I use my free will all the time?
Any good YA book recommendations?
What's a romantic way to receive a love letter but not face to face?
How would I check the copywrite on a title?
What Are Some Good Beginner Songs For Guitar?
Can someone identify the name of this painting for me please?
How did the Dred Scott decision basically invalidate the Missouri Compromise?
Does my story have enough vampires?
IDK if i want to be an actor?
How to become an actor?
How much money will i make with createspace?
Questions about Gypsy Ancestry?
What is this \~\ thing for?
Mind should be disciplined or free?
SAB summer intensive audition?
How you like my idea for a story?
Please name the sculptures?
Is this a good reason to get a pen name? And if I do, what are some good pen names?
Opinion on these parts of a story I'm writing?
What was your first \real\ camera?
when do you think Nikon will release the D7200?
How can I make my band's poster both unique and eye-catching?
What nickname should I give to my character Annabelle?
What is a good store in New York, NY that does paper printing for a portfolio?
Should you become a better Rhythm guitar player before you start with lead?
Did you ever think about the things we say have not always been true?
Why is it that American's most basic understanding of Black History is of slavery?
Can someone help me make this flow better...just advice would be great?
Is switching to Euphonium a good idea?
Can you draw my light novel character?
The Cut that scars the heart, Or Would you give a title to this poem?
Why did the Russian refer to Churchill as the \British Bulldog\?
I Need a Writer's Advise...?
what to do to calm nerves for this?
Upbeat, unique audition songs for mezzo soprano?
How important is it for sculptors to draw? Why?
General question about heritage and genetics?
how humans could gain powers in book?
This is my deviantart account, what do you think of my photography?
How is this beginning....revised?
I am a wrIter and want to write something new. Anybody have any good ideas?
What book should I read next?
LOTR one ring.........?
History is merely a list of surprises?
Do you feel your head while reading any book, any novel book?
i wanna read fanfiction but i dont know what to read about?
ISO, Aperture, Shutter Speed? how do they all go together?
can you recommend some good new horror books?
I want to write a book, tips please ?
Can someone please tell me in what ways Lucy is faithful in the novel The Lion, The Witch and the Wardrobe?
Name for a Magic-Wielder?
When the slaves were freed in the USA, did the masters get paid recommence by the government?
Which poem is better?
A good title for this story?
What font is this called?
Help with character names for my book?
what do you think about the beginning to this story?
My dance teacher is mad, what do I do?
Would you read this book?
Are there any famous/popular guitarists that don't sing?
Books i own to kindle (UK)?
What was the Democratic Republican view of the Marbury v. Madison case?
Publishing step by step?
Is there such thing as natural born killers?
I need a Good Young Adult / Romance Novel to read?
How does this idea sound?
How to change aperture, shutter speed, ISO, and exposure on a Nikon D40?
Is it bad to be different, perhaps a little ' weird'?
Question about guitar soloing?
How often do you brood?
Want to be an actress, but parents aren't supportive?
Do you need people in your life to feel happy?
B&W Film Class - What camera should I use?
Any Wattpad story ideas?
Want to be an actress but parents dont support it?
What are the chances of someone with no connections,no experience and no money...?
if i didnt get called back for a play and everyone gets a part does that mean i didnt get a main part?
How to become an icon?
Would this be cliche?
So aren't you going to ask me how was my first day at work sorting nuts?
Why there isn't any breakdance classes for youth?
How much money did each country receive from the Marshall Plan?
unique names for a book character?
Improve this poem if needed and help me with a title?
Ring Bearer's, What happened to the rings they wore?
How did Rasputin attract so many women?
Is it better to eat until you're full or eat until you're not full?
Should I sell story ideas/story help for a hundred bucks a pop?
Can studying psychology help you evolve as an actor?
Why do others loves you?
Help with community theatre audition?
Events for this story?
Would anyone know of a short story?
do you agree with this?
Why would a man get upset about a woman seeing other people when he's seeing other people as well?
why was the Russian unsatisfied with the actual Treaty of versaillies?
Which idea is better?
What evidence is there for support for the Reformation?
what to do to prepare for this?
good bullying/self harm book?
If robin hood was real or the 1 was set in the modern day , what do you think he would do ?
i romeo having serios problem help please?
Stay hungry stay foolish? what does it means? any motivation or moral possessing one?
What is the best one volume history of 18th century England?
\Think differently =>\?
I need a certain color for a colored pencil, how can I find what color it is?
What stays Forever.......?
Does this poem make sense to you? Help improve it?
Why are the photographs coming out a pinky colour?
Is there such thing as a byzantine-gothic painting style?
Hi I'm into illustration and photography and need a job?
How to do a pirouette?
how come there was a second world war so fast after a 1st world war isnt that a bit ridiculus?
Why is this chapter so much longer than my other? Does it make sense that its longer?
Is cyanide potassium a potientally painless way to end your own life?
How did Spartans and Athens impact history, socially/politically?
The Bolshevik Revolution of 1917 in Russia was caused in part by?
Question on the Normandy Landings?
Which is more important to a poet's \muse\?...?
Was HMS Athena a real ship?
Stay in my room all day everyday, help? (Not sure what category)?
How long does a teen novel (like Hunger Games) have to be to be considered a book?
What is a good way to make a reader care about my characters?
What effects did the german bombing had on britih resources in WW1?
can you suggest me some interesting historical topics for report?
What do you think of this poem? Please advice!?
Philosophers - do you consider yourselves 'enlightened'?
How to make a band that fits my intentions?
In which industry did the industrial rev. first started....?
What was thd moving force behind industrial revolution.?
Anyone know of a good quality shortstack guitar preferable my electric that has portability and playability?
Can someone give me ideas for a 1 minute talk on music?
When was the retractable attic ladder invented?
Reason gives us knowledge, emotion gives us understanding. To what extent do you agree with this statement?
How do you cope with defeatist thinking?
Help me find this book?
Does anybody here think 1969-1980 was the era of GREAT MUSIC?
What is the reason for this according to you?
Can I use a line of lyrics as a title for a book without it considered plagiarism?
Philosophical Friendship.. If you are looking for genuine friends, don't you need to be a genuine friend?
What do you think about the first chapter of my story?
I feel I could be a great actress?!?
Who are these historical figures?
When is Never let you go by Michele G. Miller out for the Kindle?
Digital art, really hard to know what to do.?
how would you cope with life if there was no such thing as REFLECTIONS?
Why didn't Philip of Macedonai II conquer Sparta, Epirus and Crete?
I can't remember a book?
Why are \experienced\ music and theatre folks so touchy when they meet youngsters with ambition?
would you consider The Picture Of Dorian Gray to be avant-garde?
What does everything have in common?
What's the name of this novel?
What was it actually like knowing America was under attack on 9/11?
Do u think this is a short novel, It's better to be a comic story, and what is ur opinion about the cover?
Title ideas for a book about a psychotic life and character names?
I wonder, what do the Amerincas think about this?
Are prisma colours a lot better than normal colouring pencils? (10 points!)?
Monoprice graphic drawing tablet?
GCSE History why was florence nightingale important (training of nurses?)?
Opinions on the deaths in the hunger games SPOILERS?
Do animators make enough money to support themselves?
Is it a good photo???
What do you think about this portrait of Russian woman?
Fancy Last Names... Suggestions needed!?
who else opposed the Communist takeover of Europe apart from Hitler?
what are you hoping will happen this year?
What can't i write about.?
Dont you think too much light is darkness?
Why is the philosophy section so full of people who like to trash everyone else's answer?
Is this a good drawing tablet to start out with?
Can somebody draw for me for free? Any good artists out there?
What are vital ingrediants for a Mystery story ?
whst should I write/do in this journal?
Which picture should I use?
What do artistic people do when they get older?
What if we're all actually characters inside Eminems mind?
What are Tyler Oakley's life tips?
How do I learn playing keyboard?
How much philosophy is in a piece of chocolate cake and a cup of coffee?
what do you always laugh for something but others do not like that aspect in you?
Do we need love in every part of our life, to understand life?
Does love surround every part of your life?
Has your happiness been denied lately/?
Has life been good to you?
How did the eagle become a symbol of imperium?
How often does your life get turned around?
Hi! Can u give me some nice and unique names for my main characters?
What have you changed about yourself lately?
What would you call a vampire fairy hybrid?
What Is This Book I'm Thinking Of?
Do you think this is a short novel? Thanks.?
Should I follow my dreams of becoming an actress or face reality?
Confederate Ironclad Weapon?
Should I be a cheerleader or a dancer?
If God is a perfect being...?
Canon eos 600d does bulb mode only work at night?
GUYS: Female author writing in male POV?
can u explain this poem?
What are you looking for in a book?
If you were to describe Theodore Roosevelt with 3 adjectives, what would they be?
I need help with my story?
which book title sounds best?
What do you think will happen at year 3000 to earth?
How much would it cost to have someone at a guitar shop put a pickguard on a Gibson SG?
Poems to Tell This Boy I Like Him?
How to become an actress???? advice?
Why are humans such good actors?
Would you read a book about...? (mainly targeted towards teens)?
Can a zen moment be reached willingly?
Was my great grandpa a Nazi or Jew?
Story Title Ideas?! I need some ASAP?
What's Bad About Supernatural Books?
What to wear to an audition?
Major Help on US History?
I need help with the beginning of this story.?
What font is used here?
What's a good name for a tall man in my story?
Did I buy the right (size?) musical keyboard to start learning music?
Dose Poetry have a certain honesty when?
What do universities want to see?
Does my goal seem unrealistic?
Punctuation in this sentence?
What do you think of this sonnet. Critiques please?
How to travel back in time (fiction book question) please help!?
How do you write a full novel?
Something that is out of this world can be \of\ this world?
How many coasters were lined up at your table when you go out after dancing?
How do you decide if something is right or wrong?
Access to clean water in history?
Looking for some books!?
You have learned you can be?
how to learn to play the ocarina?
Time travel plot ideas? (Easy points??)?
What is it that makes bad coffee breath SO bad?
The art of happiness is to serve all?
Help what's your honest opinion on ....?
Is On My Own from Les Miserables considered and art song or aria?
How is this story? How can I improve it?
Can anyone name this book?
Good title ideas for The Walking Dead Daryl Dixon fan fiction? TEN POINTS!!?
Do you know that life and everything we see now, everything we know was there before the big bang theory?
What are some twin character names?
What great nations/empires have fallen due to greed?
Do things happen for a reason?
Do you have \fun\ when you play by the ear?
anyone know of something like this..?
I was looking for certain Fanfic stories?
Is this a good poem about remembering a love that slipped away?
How can I learn how to draw anime?
What do you think of this animation?
Did native Americans have a currency before Europeans arrived on the scene and how did it work?
We come from nothing... we're 99.9% nothing... we go back to nothing...?
Is this normal for a human?
How would I change the name of a character during a story?
Want to write a story. What should it be about? Please help. 14yo writer.?
Is this a love poem \Somewhere\?
How should I name this beastly boy in my story?
Can you me me decide which is better?
A good title for this story?
What is the uniqueness of a humble mad?
Guitar players question! Fingerstyle guitarists?
when was the renounce time?
Cool title for the Closing of Boston Harbor?
Can i have a few new anime to watch?
is there a hero on your heart?
How much could a 30 pound railroad track anvil handle for blacksmithing?
Hi! I need a kind of long name that has a tomboy nickname derived from it?
votes for top five pen name chose one please?
Top Five Animes in your list of favorite animes?
Critique My Philosophy of Life?
Question for the young writers on here...?
Bright lights in my photos?
Philosophy of Enlightenment (Spiritual Sxx):?
How crap is this story....?
Would you rather read some books than watching bad cartoons?
Is it true if a male and female are acting in a romantic play, will they grow to like each other?
buying stock on deviantart?
past tense or present tense?
Philosophy of Fathers & Daughters: Isn't a girl's dad one of the most influential?
Is TFIOS a 'girls' book?
Best place to ask for drawing help?
can you help me plz thy brother?
Why are people so quick and proud to disprove of God/s existence?
What books should I read!?
Which would you prefer to read?
What is a good, reasonably priced user friendly 3D art/modeling tool?
Something to draw? Anything at all :)?
What are some books written in EMAIL format?
Mintchips? What do you think about the SAB summer intensive?
Philosophy of Images: When you look in the mirror do others see what you see?
Can I start ballet at 18 years old?
How much should I charge for taking pictures?
Do all humans cry? Shed tears of joy, sadness?
If two people aren't married who's last name would the daughter have- in the 1700's?
Will I ever finish sketching this teemo today?
How is hope and action compared together?
Could tragedy be a theme to the novel O Pioneers?
Advice from all of you aspiring writers out there?
What made Vietnam change from communist to more democratic post Vietnam War?
What is the reason people make claims that Nelson Mandela was a terrorist?
Sky-Walker Polls: Are there something missing in your life that you can't live without?
can anyone remember the name of this book!?
Can you understand how meaningless everything is?
Who was this Lola Montez?
good book title idea?
Which one should I do for my story?
which parts of Maslows hierachy of needs most important?
I need help coming up with names for mermaids and mermen for story?
What do you stand for?
Is it truly \special\, if you can find it elsewhere?
What kind of gemstone or geode is this vase made of?
Do you think this is a short novel? Thanks.?
Did Edward VIII really abdicate because of Wallis Simpson?
What's a good camera for photo shoots?
How to become a professional clarinet player?
During the Holocaust were obese people that weren't in any of the other groups also persecuted?
What should i wear for ballet/lyrical dance combo class?
what is the traditional name of the dress with long sleeve that Chinese dance in/?
Would this be a good story theme?
is this a good portrait?
Line between \writing what you know\ and self-insertion/Mary Sue?
Nice, normal girl names?
Why would a man get upset about a woman seeing other people when he's seeing other people as well?
What do you think about this very short love story?
is casting callhub a scam?
I'm writing a book series and need help deciding something?
have u ever got told off for ruining ur school book?
What are some ways to promote myself as an author?
When can we say that something does exist and when it doesn't ?
Cliche teenage fiction books?
How does this description sound as the beginning of a story?
How do you define success?
Should I sing at this church?
How should I name this beastly boy in my story?
GCSE Drama: Should I go ahead and write the script myself?
Who is this actress from the 1950s or 1960s?
What is your poetic process like?
How do I make a dance room in my house?
What is required to become a professional Digital Artist?
Need help locating the name of a 1500's Spanish ship?
Good teenage fiction books?
Should I continue this story?
Tell me something about the best type of security cameras?
Is it unusual for a writer to dislike reading?
could she play christina aguleria on broadway?
Does/can a phylum contradiction create an equilibrium sympathy. (statistics)?
Pls! Anime with good love triangle but without any fantasy story and action.?
Do you think this is a short novel? And do you think it better fits as a comic story?
Audition song suggestions for Sweeney Todd?
Which explains why there is so little information about the Indus Valley civilization?
Is Instagram a good idea to use?
Did the Imperial Japanese Military have guns in World War 2 or did they use swords?
Is dehumanization a major step on the road to atrocity?
Music assistance please read?
what do you think of this as part of a chapter in my book?
Question about High school?
Help! Need some advice on my new story?!?
How do I cite the Hunger Games if I do not know which page to get the information off of?
is there a 100%free way to find person from past?
Which was a significant contribution of Mesopotamian civilization?
Wattpad book cover. Can anyone please make me one?
Who likes being told what to do?
which characters are flat characters in charles dickens hard times?
How come countries like Austria, Switzerland, Lichtenstein and Luxembourg were not joined....?
Any ideas for a good chase scene?
Am in process of purchasing some diamond head burrs for my dremel, should I get 40 grit or 300 grit?
Do you think this is a short novel? And do you think it better fits as a comic story?
Any tips for designing cars? (Drawing)?
Does anyone have any good names for a guy he's 17?
Video Editing Eye Color?
I'm looking for a good book on apocalpse survival?
I'm looking for a good book on apocalpse survival?
I want to start violin but my parents wont let me.What to do?
Explain Spain's primary reasons for colonizing the New World. Were they successful?
when is it okay in your book to talk about your characters history and how they got to where they are?
How Good Is Benedict Cumberbatch As Hamlet?
Do empiricists believe that there is not necessarily a correlation between cause and effect?
Are you taking the time to vote?
What impact did railroads have on other businesses and why the government attempted to regulate the railroads?
What do you think of the song I wrote for my daughter?
what is a good historical fiction book to read? I am looking for a great page turner?
Which flute is best for beginners to learn in low prices?
What sketching pencils should i get?
Open auditions for teenagers in the UK?
what books should i read next? ( I have read a lot so far)?
Trying to find book cannot remember title or author. trying to find book girl in mental institution sings son?
Help me find this book?
Help me to improve the first few pages of my story?
Your experience with at-home DNA kit to determine genealogy?
What can I use to make plastic foggy?
Actors CV help please?
Making a living from teaching dance and drama?
Why do people have the philosophy that?
Do you use/prefer tube or solid-state amplifiers?
Any ideas for a good script?
Which of the following statements about monasticism is true?
Which of the following statements about monasticism is true?
What is the human families ethical response if the genes for homosexuality are discovered?
Artists similar to Lucy Mclauchlan?
Sorceress???????? Help?
i need confidence to perform in my drama group?
dancing body image issues help!!?
Identity art project?
Poem about courage, cowards and quitting?
History Help Pleasee?
i have 3 molly hatchet ablum covers paintings done by frank frazetta wornding if thay were worth monry?
How to get a distinction in art?
Lost inspiration to write since Uncles death,help?
Does P=Q P=R therefore Q=R work?
will drawing on paper help me in animation?
UK Tv show monologues?
What happened to the Metis after Louis Riel died?
what is an example of someone replacing reality with categories?
Internment camps were set up for Japanese Americans?
what is this question asking?
Can anyone find anything their not looking for (seeking)?
Which was NOT a goal of the Red River Campaign? 1, 2, 3, or 4?
Which should I do....?
Are we really at fault for our misdeeds?
What is your opinion on \Fishe Eye Lens\ by Nick Fishe?
Legit acting and modeling agencies near st Joesph MO?
Where to find a good Publisher and an Editor?
Do most people look without seeing?
What makes you so sure....?
Which is your favorite book?
what can eras be broken down further into?
what is the essence of the LIFE?
Help with my drum major essay?
story plot suggestions?
Will the world end in 2014?
*1 question* on The Masque Of The Red Death?
As a writer, what's your next step after finishing a first draft?
Any good GIMP 2 tutorial sites?
How to draw this pose correctly? don't know how to position the legs?
Which statements accurately describe West African kingdoms of the 1300s and 1400s?
I'm looking for an editor or someone to collaborate with on a story I'm writing?
Does an argument have to be formally and/or informally correct in order to be valid?
Should you care more about \people\ or \productivity\ and results?
Trilogy series idea? 10 pts?
Meaning of the sleep walkers by kahlil gibran?
How could I get this photo effect and put fireworks in my picture?
What do you think of Noble Lie?
i need a silent safe secret place so i can think?
How resolution and colour depth affect the file size and image quality.?
can someone give me the title or the poem its self from the movie \carrie 2013\?
Is there anything I can do to improve this poem?
How to change first person to third person?
which book is more interesting out of these three?
“Saying less is more” Is more conveyed when less is said?
Any suggestion for a design philosophy for a \noodle\ concept project?
Distinguishing 2 people from 2 different pics????
What do you think shall we do to defend ourselves from threats like this?
In les Miserable why did Javert wrote to the Prefecture of Police in Paris?
Can someone please help me find a book?
History Help Please!!?
I can't find a monologue anywhere?
what makes a picture get people's attention?
If some one says to another \so much so?
How to submit portfolio?
What does a Ballad Poem consist of?
Whats an anime like Vampire Knight but with a much happier ending and similar artwork style?
Did Lincoln have false teeth?
Which is more interesting.. To look to the top of the mountain in anticipation or to look down?
Where can I find an example of conversation between Victor Frankstein and the monster?
We are unique.. How special is that?
Is it true that Indian ruler Akbar the Great didn't have one drop of Indian blood- he was a Turk ?
If at first you did not succeed, should you stop and see what you did wrong before continuing the same old way?
If a Hug could say a thousand words, what would be some of them?
What are some of the little in life which make you smile?
If you think you already know it all, how will you find out that you don't?
What do the colors in the picture by the names mean?? they are blue, green and yellow?
What is your opinion about World War 2 ?
How can you make footprints in the sand, if you are only talking the talk and not walking the walk?
What was the social structure in Tokugawa Japan? Explain the role of family in Tokugawa Japan.?
Identify the three theaters of war during the 7 Years War. WHO were the VICTORS?
What are some words that make you 'happy'?
Are you... the type of person you would like to spend the rest of your life with?
How to write waking up in a car accident for my book? HELP NEEDED!!!!?
If you could measure your heart? Would it be the biggest part of you?
Criticism/opiniom - \Instant/Feedback\ a poem for the little robot inside us all?
What is the kindest thing you did for someone, even a stranger?
If I want to get into the film industry after doing my degree, where is the best place to live?
No one can make you feel inferior, unless you let them. Right or wrong?
History Help Please!?
Can anyone recommend good stage plays for the deaf community?
Does a good character need to be seen or can it be sensed even in the dark?
Is the magic key to living with integrity, having the courage to face the truth and to do the right thing,?
how many people lost family members bacuse of the atomic bombing of hiroshima?
Do I have to be good to participate in a dance workshop?
You may have been to paradise and back, but have you ever been to yourself?
Are the strongest of character, the ones who can laugh at themselves and cry for others?
Why are Wertern, Chinese and Japanese swords different?
what was germanys response to superior naval power during WW1?
Do you like this excerpt from my teen novel?
What are some of the most cherished things in your life?
When we slow life down a bit? Don’t we see more in which we can truly enjoy?
Were the Jews the founders of the naccp?
what is it called when you draw something that can only be seen from a curtain angle?
What is the fuss about \On A Drive With Life\????Is it a novel??
Poem for a missionary friend?
Does fantasy genre always attach with supernatural world?
What was A.A. Milne's essay A Word for Autumn?
Don't you just hate it when a book begins with 'a middle'?
You believe that poems are better on paper or as spoken poetry?
How many Republics have come about by democratic means ?
WORLD HISTORY. JUST ONE QUESTION. PLEASE?
Best novel you have read dealing with the theme of existentialism or nihilism?
How do narrative writer's prepare for writing?
how do our present-day conceptualizations of race relate to legacies of empire?
Is it good or bad photo?
Can you write a poem?
What DAW is good for recording guitar?
Who was Balfour? What was his importance towards the Irish Question?
why english men came to india?
Is the law of attraction true ?
What did Balfour do to deal with the Irish Question?
Deconstructionist point of views on The Great Gatsby?
The death of a pet and tears of mortal anguish?
Frank Frazetta or Boris Vallejo?
Who is the artist who did the artwork for Blur's greatest hits????
artists how can you do this?
What do you put in your GCSE Art Sketchbook?!?
Where I can find my family in France?
Needs title for a wattpad story?
Simile for a 20 feet long python?
How does this chocolate optical illusion work anyone?
Is this free verse poem ok?
Jazz solo routine song ideas?
Does this photo look weird?
Meaning of love is just a cycle?
I need help with this poem?
GuYs.Always.leaRn well?
I need a PROPER acting agent in the uk?
I need to find a very large book with colourful photos that take up the majority of each page...?
What is a good way to start a historical fiction?
Ancient Mesopotamian Civilizations?
I was born in wales but been brought up as English and lived in England most of my life am I welsh or English?
I have writer's block, quick give me a reason two sisters would fight?
outro of november rain on acoustic. how does it sound?
What keeps you anchored?
do prime lenses have a fixed aperture?
What is this article of clothing called?
Dance 110 \or equivalent\: what does that mean?
I m very depressed.i wnt to ask about my love life and career.i m in love & want to marry with him?
I have writer's block, quick give me a reason two sisters would fight.?
What does human life mean?
Looking for time travel fic with Draco Malfoy ?
What lens filter would help emphasize skin texture and wrinkles?
Could someone kill out of jealousy?
How did the husband die all of a sudden, in P. S. i Love You? He looked hot and horny?
What effects did the Pagan society have on Rome?
What effects did the Pagan society have on Rome?
Is it possible to be in a meditation state all the 'time'?
please tell me what are the qualifications and criteria with the fee structure of MFA{masters in fine arts} in?
Anyone know what book this is? (Teen fiction about a boy obsessed with the number four)?
Where do I find bic pens in Delhi?
What's the difference between 'Contemporary History' and 'Modern History'?
help me woth this question?
Who would you pair up?
Connotative Dictionary?
How to describe a romantic affectionate gesture to the head?
Turning water into wine into blood?
How to remove from the Internet the images that can be understood as maltreatment of animals?
Great book recommendations for me?
Would you say there's something as 'mature' music and 'immature' music?
How do you picture what this poem is about?
What does this poem mean and what is the theme?
In what ways did the church enforce and maintain its power over the people of Europe?
Why was Luther's 95 theses such a significant event, and why were they so popular?
Why was the core issue that Luther had with the Catholic Church?
Homosexuality during The Golden Age of Piracy?
Why was Martin Luther disillusioned about Rome during his pilgrimage in 1510?
What do you call the gaps in the walls of medieval walls?
Draw a tattoo for me please?
I'm suspecting that I'm stuck in the Matrix. What can I do to make sure?
children's horse book?
Hi new scriptwriter questions.?
In Harry Potter and the Half-blood Prince, why didn't Draco use Polyjuice Potion instead of the cabinet?
Who is the artist who drew this elephant?
What fighting style is best for a smaller woman?
what led to the growth of the middle class around 1900?
How can I ask him, I must feel sad in order to feel happy?
Is there a good Snow White book I can read?
how did valluvar manage to write Thirukural thousands nd thousands of yrs ago?
What question can never be answered, no matter how witty your attempted answer is?
What questions to ask a character in a book?!!?!?!?
What are three major reasons that made the WWI so costly in terms of lives lost and overall destruction?
What is pure innocence?
If the sun is shining at midnight and the water turns to rain, how high are you?
did conceptss of samurai spirit change after world war ii? how does it influence japanese society?
I have never sold any of my Artwork before, How much do you think I should sell my Paintings for?
Is life complicated or simple?
Which side should I choose?
How did towns form in medieval Europe?
Need help with a character I'm writing and what do you think of this Japanese name?
For some reason I was thinking about all my family or friends who died before the age of 50. I thought of 20?
What would be the typical words / sentence said by someone who plays to people's fantasies?
Tips on starting to tag; already an artist?
Renaissance & Reforming ? HELPP!!?
How do I achieve pressure with a tablet on Painter Tool SAI?
what are your thoughts?
how do you consider these pics as profile photo?
Do you need to size down in Supadance ballroom shoes?
After France was liberated, why did the Allied invasion stall on the German border?
Adult fantasy books like the Magicians by Lev Grossman?
Is this a good title?
What are some good picture editing apps?
why were the british successfull in 1800's?
What changes had Europe undergone in the previous decades that set the stage for World War 1?
what matters in life the small things or being together?
A common factor in the rise to power of Hitler and Mussolini was that both...?
Does anyone know where I can download the pdf version of the book The Kill Order, by James Dashner for free?
France agreed to the Locarno Pact because it...?
How to sell art for someone else?
why knowing cultural and historical background of the New Testament is important for our understanding the?
What problem may lead to a revolution in the us?
After you die, do you want to go to Heaven, be reincarnated or just die gone forever?
what does \love alone is worth the fight\ meaning..awaiting for answer..?
my family is originally from vs my family is from?
what can heredity be compared to?
What personalities are needed to have a BALANCED main trio in a novel?
Does a western novel really have to be historically accurate?
Which is it about the journey or the destination?
What do you think about these haikus?
Candide by Voltaire help?
What kind of set up did Angus young use?
Gunslinger metal soundtrack?
what is a modern day song that conveys similar themes to \La Belle Dame Sans Merci\?
how can i avoid anti climactic endings?
Book Trailers on Wattpad?
Book Trailers on Wattpad?
what is a good boy name for a book character?
Paranormal Romance with the same couple?
Russian history help?
How does 35mm film work?
Is it just me or is Dan Brown the most overrated writer in the world?
I need a good family backstory?
questions about medieval bathrooms!!?
questions about medieval bathrooms!!?
Is there a connection between Louis the 16th and Huckleberry Finn?
what role did the geography of the west playing in shaping patterns of migration during the 1800s?
Help finding a good title for a book.?
4 pic 1 word with designs on desserts?
I need a disability or disease for a character in my story?
what was the reaction in the 1974 to the united nations plan to divide palestine into separate jewish and arab?
What are 5 examples of Socratic irony in the movie Antz?
Books similar to TV show, The Bachelor?
Which actually were worst: the Vikings or the Conquistadores from Spain into South America?
What's the best method for learning the notes on the bass guitar?
How important are visual artists (draughtsmen & painters) in the world?
What was the slave power and what role did it play in the growth of the anti-slavery movement?
Where to get a Degree in Comic Studies?
What's a good hook for the book insurgent ?
during the Mongol and Ming dynasties?
Book recommendation for Medieval European History for an aspiring Historian?
Pursuing to be an actress?
Ship name!!!!!!!!!!!?
what chiefly separates \world history\ from other types of history?
PLEASE HELP! The Scarlet Letter!!!?
Background history on the 14th Amendment?
what is the garcia trail cross made of?
Ticket's price in a theatre in the West End of London?
How did Alessandro de Medici impact the Renaissance as well as society today?
Who do you think the best american president ever ?
Are you proud of your accomplishments?
who brough the Haitian Revolution to an end?
Looking for a new series to read.?
How can I make my flute sound great on a computer?
To what extent did the Great Awakening and the enlightenment help define a distinct American identity in the e?
I need help with Short Story?
What do these words mean to you?
No real drive or motivation?
Mockingjay book question....(a few spoilers)?
4 Stanza poem (approx 150 words)?
Once THINK.......every one having desir?
Need artist for game logo design?
Got a new guitar. Found different method of tuning but can't seem to get it. Any advice?
only one direction fans who read fanfic!?
What was the sub-culture of the Warsaw ghetto?
taking better photos?
How to improvise on guitar?
has anyone ever thought when they die do you choose a second life of your own?
Opinions on my dance improv (video)?
I need help with a poem!?
How did progressive reforms attempt to bring \more democracy\ to American society and government?
Why are perfect fifths different depending on whether they're ascending or descending?
Can I make my own clothes based off an artists design?
what is meant by the term social darwinism? How was the theory applied to the business world?
in 1975 how did east timor become part of indonesia?
Can i call this a poem?
Has there ever been a relationship between two countries similar to that of the US and Israel?
is it hard to go into special effects makeup business?
Difference and similarities in Portugal's settlement in India and Spanish settlements in the Americas?
Quotes of people lying in Hamlet?
How flexible do you have to be to be a jazz/swing dancer?
How did the relationship between nobles and monarchs change following the religious wars in Europe?
What type of spray paint should I buy to paint a hard hat and customize it with numbers letters etc..?
I love to draw and I made a character who turns to a snake,any good Japanese names?
What factors have tied the disparate regions of East Asia together over the centuries?
What problems were some of the problems created by the rapid growth of american cities in the late 19thcentury?
Is this CD cover of Elvis tacky or what ?
Fanfiction or Fan Fiction?
myths and allusions in the poem Variation on the world \sleep\ ?
I need help identifying 16-1700 style clothing?
How was the Roman empire not a nation-state?
How can i contact brazil throu the internet?
What type of things did Nathan hale do?
IPad apps for writer's?
What's the best way for someone to become a writer?
What quote is this page on in the book?
I need ideas for the History Club!!!!!!10POINTS AND 5 STARS TO THE BEST!!!!!?
Tell me about yourself?
what do you think of this photo.?
Would you make a good toy?
What was the purpose of drama/theater during Shakespearean times?
How does actors know all of their lines without forgetting a word?
Name ten lies, myths, or misconceptions promoted by Sino-Centric historians?
what is the meaning of the poem\if you want to know what we are\by carlos bulosan stanza 12?
Name ten lies, myths, or misconceptions promoted by Euro-Centric historians?
Can anyone help me figure out what to say to write a critique essay about this? (labor day)?
I need a really good idea for a short story or screenplay?
Where can I find Maid-Sama??
Fiction book with easy English.?
Which book should I read next?
What if you have been running and hiding from Love?
Who were the great leaders of France that helped prospered it?
When you despair in life?
Do I have a purpose?Or Am I just a little blank dot expanding my hope?
What new trade development/innovation led to greater European involvement in other countries around the world?
Where is somewhere I can make personal stickers of a drawing I did?
Where is somewhere I can make personal stickers of a drawing I did?
Philosopher Blocker: My brain gets dizzy sometimes with all the blocking, why is that?
Artists for commissions?
Why do people think you're special, and sometimes crazy, but with a lot of brains?
Is it possible to inherit long lost traits from past ancestors?
What is a Mddler in occupation?
Hi, I need names for characters in a book I'm writing.?
Have I harmed myself spray painting?
but what do you suppose is life?
I'm afraid to perform in front of people?
Do you agree with St Augustine................?
*VIOLA* What Viola is the Best Buy?
Do you think this is a good title for my essay?
What camera lenses are used in these videos?
Why did the Soviet officers shoot retreating soldiers in WW2?
Is it possible to paint ALREADY MADE carbon fiber a different color?
Could somebody help me make this photo funny using photoshop?
why is the mayflower compact important?
Why are there no Prince songs on Youtube?
How do I bind ny breasts (safely) and still be able to sing?
What is the most significant social criticism in Blake's \London\?
Is my sonnet any good? PLEASE HELP!?
How did politics change after the crusades?
What is the font being used here?
What is the most romantic poem to say to a girl I like ?
what were some challenges adam beck faced?
Russian Revolution History?
Question about Hitler and his expansionism?
what time period should I set my Novel in?
Can you recommend any good crime novelists?
Do you think........??
In \One Piece\ How did Zoro get a scar across his eye ?
Did Pierre Auguste Renoir painted Monet in his paintings?
Do you like this photo?
Top 5 best English/British Monarchs?
Help with a catalog poem about my future?
Is this a problem with my technique or my mouthpiece? (Alto Saxophone)?
is there really such a thing as \borrowed time\?
What were plays called in the Renaissance period?
why is it bad to be an outcast?
Please give your opinion on my story?
How to get better hand writting?
What was the importance of the cinema industry’s bid for respectability in 1905-1912?
Is this song ok for my audition?
why is horse hair used for making traditional plaster walls?
Other than agriculture, what businesses did Indiana have before the Gas Boom?
confidence help for a musocal theater preformer?
what document was left off of the freedom shrine?
Writing a short story.. help?
Can you tell me some interesting topics on Great Britain ?
Us history questions?
Books on the great railroad strike of 1877?
Need some help on a poem on HIV?
Are there any similarities between \in just-\ and \we real cool\?
Dance Team Tryouts ??
Does this writing sound okay?
Why did no Civil Rights reforms become laws during the 1930's?
The Hill Abduction Q&A?
Best songs for audition for \how to succeed in business\?
Is Macbeth a tragic hero?
Why did ginny break up with dean?
If katniss could visit 10 websites, what would they be?
Feedback for my dance improv (video)?
Grinding at dances???????
I want to change my name but I'm unsure?
How long should a 10 minute play be?
Would you read a book from a dragons point of view?
I AM CONFUSED!!!!!! What is the DIFFERENCE between enlightenment, sci. revolution, and renaissance?!?!?!?!?!?!?
How can I create a map with places pointed out for a visual in a document?
good photo editing apps?
Help with a Poem Hunt?!?
How and when did Eric Gairy become the leader of Grenada?
What were the primary factors that drove the early English colonists, and did they accomplish ?
Who do composers usually marry? (Dancers, singers, artists etc)?
How old do I look????
I need some help with writing?
Explain Spain's primary reasons for colonizing the New World. Were they successful?
Any great poems or poem themes?
Copyright and public domain in the U.S.?
The Magicians of Coprona?
is the national youth tgeatre any good?
Regency marriage scenarios?
What are the major differences between 1950s to 2014?
Getting started in the acting industry?
What did Queen Elizabeth I do to protect her people?
Tell me about your awesome life?
Can you watch my dance improvisation and give feedback?
Can you learn piano on a MIDI keyboard?
Where can I buy an elementary choir program already put together? Ideas, themes, music, etc...?
Professional camera photography question?
Im trying to find a person?
what were some of the rights and responsabilities of the american civil war?
if you saw one of these pics on a book which pic would you like to see on a novel?
U.S Wars/Conflicts 1990's-Present?
Math/coloring help?? (Probably not what you think)?
john stuart mill utilitarianism?
I'm auditioning for a vocal scholarship soon and I need a classical song?
Percy Bysshe Shelly analyzing!?
Dance Solo- Slow Song Suggestions?
Simple question on rhyming poems?
can you engrave your name in a violin?
How do I become a popular writer on wattpad? Advice?
What are the pros and cons of each point of view (first/second/third)? +BQ?
What does Short Term and Long Term causes/outcomes mean?
Are any deep & meaningful types out there able to tackle my heavy death question?
does sophies family try to kill her in the chrysalids?
Help me find a funny poem?
Is there anyone else trying to join the acting business?
Im trying to help my mom find my granmother?
What's a good audition song for Peter Pan?
Why are people afraid to think beyond the boundaries of their beliefs?
Can I still get a job in acting if I don't have a drama GCSE?
Can you help me with a murder mystery?
how skinny do I need to be to be a exotic dancer?
Can anyone name the font used in this image?
Do you think a holocaust could happen in today's world?
Animation app for Deviantart? Help!?
anyone read the book heart of darkness and remember some good quotes?
Importance of the lines? What are they saying?
Are there jobs where you color things?
Anybody know some music/artists similar to these?
Would this be a bad way to end the story?
what are some possible art projects to do with america?
Were Godric Gryffindor and Rowena Ravenclaw ever a couple, or is that just the fans?
Cold Weather Metaphors/Similes?
Will Karma eventually get the self righteous?
The Chrysalides by John Wyndham?
what should my stage name be?
Gone girl by Gillian Flynn?? (Spoiler)?
Monologues for people trying out for Ruth Kelly from Harvey?
does anyone ever draw their characters?
What is/was one of the happiest moments in your life:)?
Were Godric Gryffindor and Rowena Ravenclaw ever a couple, or is that just the fans?
How many Jews did the White Rose and Righteous Gentiles save in the Holocaust?
Are eggs chicken periods?
What is the best way to make paper mache paste?
How did the goals of the Knights of Labor and the American Federation of Labor differ?
Help with Hamlet essay...conflicting forces?
Would you c/c my poem please?
Help with Hamlet essay...conflicting forces?
what is spikey? animal? object?
Help with Hamlet essay...conflicting forces?
What Tips Do You Have For Guitar Strumming?
who was Blair MP the slaver related to?
Screenplay writing question?
I am searching for a love triangle novel (2 boys & a girl love story type)?
Is this inappropriate?
Is this a idea for a story or just wishful thinking?
Is it possible to become an amazing ballerina if you're just starting at the age of 19?
How easy was it for the US to become a world power?
what was life like for peasants in the late middle ages in england?
Elizabeth I's opinion on Anne Boleyn?
Is there a stage kiss in The Duchess of Malfi?
Favouritte supernatural creature or fantasy or mythical being or creature ?
What strategies did corporation in the late 1800s use to decrease costs and increase profits?
What type of things did we inherit from renaissance?
Was the South economy dependent on Slavery when the Civil War started? Was the North's?
Is the Life of Pi book any good?
What type of things did we inherit from the middle ages?
what nationality whose last name is Ruda?
Of these Renaissance figures in Europe who do you think is best to write a report on?
Online photo portfolio?
do you use all the liquid from boiling the pot barley? I did and it was very thick.?
What do you think? Anything to add?
History WW1 Revision Help-How The entry of America led to the defeat of Germany.?
I need some ideas to do a research paper on, but the paper has to incorporate some function of art.?
Religion in England, then and now?
Looking for a great adventure book?
What is a good way to make up a town name?
How do I get rights to a musical?
how would you relate Claudius from hamlet to Liam neeson?
what diplomatic strengths and weaknesses did the union possess at the start of the civil war?
What guitar does Vic Fuentes use?
what are some of your problems that can be creatively solved?
is this considered a point and shoot camera?
abandoned buildings in southern new hampshire?
ART GCSE EDEXCEL EXAM 2014: ORDER AND/OR DISORDER HELP?
Are you Pro-Life or Pro-Choice, why?
if you were to say something is as pointless as something important are you calling it pointless or important?
I want my fictional world to have unique astronomical phenomena, but I don't want it to be cliché?
Writing a action/sci-fi/ fantasy novel, please help!?
Are Wolf packs actually sheep who lack the imagination to be “individual”? Perhaps destroying that which?
How to act like Blanche from A Streetcar Named Desire? For Drama AS level monologue.?
Best Larry Stylinson fan fiction?
Deviantart.com; How do I suggest artwork?
How did Jacques Cartier make a difference in how we live today?
are there really some Americans who believe Vietnam was a draw?
How can I become a successful actress?
how does Aristotle's philosophy about choice relate to criminal minds?
Almost adult-sounding names?
What are the prevailing ideologies of France?
what are some ways to keep a sword fight belivable in a novel?
BOOK ADDICTS! i need your help!?
5 Logical and thought provoking questions on a meaningful life?
Can you help me find the page this qoute is on from the boy in the striped pajamas?
whats a visual novel?
Who was Jonathan Thorn?
What did the Second Continental Congress do to make the final break with Britain?
Harry Potter fans: why does Harry want to go to Bellatrix`s vault (Deathly Hallows)?
what ever happened with the mohole project?
How would you describe this person?
Has anyone really been far even as decided to use even go want to do look more like?
what was alexander the greats best accomplishment, conquering his empire or spreading greek culture?
Was the confederate states of America a separatist movement?
In the near future, can I become a game designer AND a multimedia artist?
Which killed more: Andersonville or The Holocaust?
Where can I buy iridescent/holographic PVC?
Deviantart.com help? How do I suggest an artwork?
quote interpretation.... helppp!!! the great gatsby?
Why is Pascal's Wager not valid?
Why did the Nazis treat Russian POWs so terrible in WW2?
Help I need advice 10 points.to best answer?
Truth Justice & the American Way??? Not Race Not Party just people..WE THE PEOPLE?
Your opinion on the book \The Lovely Bones\ by Alice Sebold?
Does anyone else believe we live in a simulation?
Give a good title for this love story.?
What are the types of lettering?
Is a Canon Powershot S5 IS a good camera for landscape?
Can you give me some good native american names?
Explain how the role of women changed during the 140's as a result of WW2 in North America?
Good References ? Books, Documentaries?
What is significant about the Battle of Shiloh?
Is this Love? Or a \mindbang\ of thoughts and emotions?
What does this poem mean?
Photoshop pleasssse HELP?
Where there any political figures who diagreed with the amount the U.S. was loaning to allies in world war 1?
How can I make a photo like this one(with white stripes on the face)?
Why did the Europeans force Native Americans to convert to Christianity?
Simile for a man and a python tightly squeezed in the crotch of a tree.?
having trouble playing guitar?
If you had to cast actors for a dracula movie who woul you cast?
Need an artist to draw manga characters for my Light Novel?
How do I make this part of my friend's story sound right?
what's it mean, Saturn ate his son?
What is the theme that can be applicable to this photo?
Oldest daughter wants to be actress when she grows up? This a good idea at 15?
After death, is there separation, or do all the dead become one?
Are you an optimist .............?
how do i do a backbend? I am soooooo scared to try it standing?
Film acting, vs. Stage acting, colleges?
What ancestry do you have more chance of having ?
would you die for your work?
Fairy Tale retelling or Fantasy novel with protagonist of color (Black, Latina...etc)?
Help me with this hard History conflict! NO ONE KNOWS THE ANSWER!?
Hitler rise to power EPQ title ideas?
is this photoo original?
What is this font? (10 pts)?
How many years ago did the wounded knee massacre happen?
Any volunteers to be my love poem generator;D? (I'M DESPERATE)!?
Was Bram Stoker (writer of dracula) gay?
Was Bram Stoker (writer of dracula) gay?
Good books with thieves as main characters?
Cover letter for agency submission?
What should be my mascot?
Did people in the Reinassance and 1800's learn about the Ancient Romans?
Writers: What do you do when your story has no conflict?
I want to become an actor, but what do I need to do next?
electro acoustic guitar problem?
i love you written in konkani.?
I snapped my new guitar string. I've change one but its out of tune with the rest. What should I do?
Advice with setting up my own studio?
Best way to become a better creative writer, second I need help developing this character?
Tegaki E problem: can't draw points and normal circles?
Will pole dance help me?
Which Acoustic Guitar Is Better?
Body marks on characters in cartoons/video games - Are they random?
What kind of title page could I do for mirror images?
Duologues from TV shows, movies and books?
Can anyone recommend a good book on things to do/not do when writing a novel?
Why did Bill Asher and Harry Ackerman use the same music on some of their \wacky female\ comedies?
is there a discernible difference between FF and Crop viewfinders?
Why did I move up chairs in orchestra when the person in front of me was better?
Name a few Roman Writers/Authors that lived between 379-395?
Characater creation???
I'm in 7rh grade and I really like a guy in eighth and......?
Did Wolfshine not like Gatsby in The Great Gatsby?
do you think there is such a thing as a unique “human essence”?
Prime lens for NIKON to match my needs..?
What would you do when you can no longer afford to live?
What gcse level do you think I will get for the opening of my story? What went well? Even better if? Please?
river valleys what were some of their key achievements?
What does the fox say?
What impacts did the Sherman and Clayton Act have on sales in the United States?
what is your opinion on the u.s government's decision to enter World War II?
Louis Riel Historical Facts 10 PTS!?
Good novels, love and hate?
These details for book?
Opinions on my \poem\ , please!?
What do you think of the start of my story?
Is objectivism a philosophy for the ego or for the self?
Good books on JFK's ties to Cuba, Soviet Union, Mafia, CIA?
what am i Scottish or Irish?
Who hates Ginny Weasley?
Where can i find a list of just the names of those who died in the holocaust?
good books for my nook?
Are full frame cameras \overrated?\?
Is it okay to use fictional names in a true story?
Any Ideas for my story?
Help writing a conclusion for 'Boo' Arthur Radley? - To Kill a Mockingbird?
How to talk like the joker mark hamill?
How to get dancer's legs?
How to argue with someone effectively?
Do you find this video funny?
help again! GCSE FINE ART EXAM!?
Please rate my story. 10 points guaranteed?
I need a good pen name?
Great starter microphone for amateur voice over actor?
Order and Disorder art GCSE help?
Ok i'm 16 years old and i'm in love with art i love drawing, painting and photography .?
Hello, I've been taking 3d classes?
Should I join this modelling agency?
What do you love about your life?
help whats my voice type?
Why was the construction of a canal linking the Atlantic and Pacific oceans...?
Skulls! And where can I get them?
is it okay do this when writing?
How can I prevent a rope from being flexible?
Why did barty crouch jr who was disguised as moody teach harry potter how to deflect the imperious curse?
Sonnet - assignment help?!!!!?
Essential Area/Title Safe? Can someone please explain this for me? I am having difficulty finding an example?
How did Canada develop more as a nation in the 1920s?
Can we place a value on life, is it wrong if we place a value on life?
How did CANADA develop in the 1930's?
Do you have suggestions for songs for modern dance about anger and loneliness?
An example of a popular cultural entrepreneur?
Beginner Ballet classes for teenagers?
What do I wear to street dance class?
'Of Mice And Men' describe Candy?
i need help with my 10th grade art.?
What is the best name to use if a character in a story is coming back to revenge?
How could americans be against the King ,yet own slaves?
Can getting singing lessons teach you how to sing with vibrato?
I think i have the poem meaning correct?
how to texture canvas and make it look aged?
Monologue helppp, crazy girl needed?
What logo is this????
What can I nickname some thieves for a fantasy story?
Could you please identify this painting?
What can I nickname some thieves for a fantasy story?
How can one find photography travel groups?
Is my drawing alright?
What stuffs can I freely post onto my websites?
Is this good enough for publishing?
Red is for anger.. but also associated with the color of a heart...?
Need a list of objects that open?
What happenned to Offred's daughter in Margaret Atwood's 'The Handmaid's Tale?
writing a teen novel- word count help?
Why does no one talk about D.F. Malan?
Anyone here use Wattpad?
Stretches and Exercise for contortionists?
Negative impact of the Bessemer Process?
(Novel Research!) Medieval poisons and cures?
What was Simone De Beauvior's philosophy?
anyone know what has happened to woophy photo site ?
If I record a list of vocab words & listened to them everyday - do you think it'll sink in?
In Twilight , Are the old vampires faster and stronger than the younger vampires ?
Do u like to change with change?
Easiest way to learn how to shade and make fur look real on cats and wolves?
What's your favourite book?
Whats a summary of bildungsroman?
If your reputation precedes you.. and it does.. do you need to get ahead of it and make some changes?
Suggest ideas to create smoke effects on stage for a play.?
How important is it to be a good role model.. not just for other's sake, but for your own self? How good?
What do you think of this poem?
Any information on my grand father Hoyt Horn, Randolph County Alabama?
Which has greatest effect on us: emotion, instinct or logic?
How to become a cosmopolitian?
Hi. Any tips on writing stories?
what does \despair of human nature\ mean?
What's the point of living if we are going to die someday ?
Help me find Kathy Acker's poetry?
I'm not for the death penaty but why are people suddenly caring about if the condemed feels pain?
How does it feel to be taken advantage of?
Is there philosophy in the art of laughter and friendship?
Why do kids look cute when they dance?
i need a choice pice idea and it has to be a science fiction?
How did the Nazis take over Hannover specifically? How did they take it over?
Does anybody know any humourus monologue (8min for oral interprotation)?
Why did people change their minds about Mussolini and fascism?
why did south carolina seceded?
What's the difference?
Which sounds better for short story?
what's the difference between Pilgrims and Puritans?
Does American Beauty reflect existentialism?
Frankenstein questions.. Help!?
Does anybody know what statue or picture is this?
Extraterrestrial attack or pandemic, help?
Explain,with the help of neat sketches,the process of hog piercing?
Do you like my story about a fish?
how should I change from a vision to real life?
Do you agree?? What are your thoughts?
why did plato think 5040 people was best population for polis?
Do you belive that we are all connected maube through our subbconsensus?
What specfic rights did the jacobins, sans-culottes and bourgeoise want at the estates general?
How did Lincoln take away civil liberties during the civil war and why did he inflict martial law?
Is the art of philosophy, filling our minds with inspiration?
Help with understanding a story!! Help for 10 points?
What is a good way to sharpen my debate skills?
How important do you think social skills are?
What Hardships did the early settlers of Pennsylvania face?
What are some must-read non-fiction books (no autobiography though)?
Can you ever have too much of a good thing? Like ((((((Hugs))))) ?
When was \Great Britain\ founded (Scotland and England)?
What would be a good title for my story?
Who, in French schools, is taught as the first King of France?
Was Charlemagne or Otto I the first Holy Roman Emperor?
What's the tone of the poem?
Is imitation the highest form of flattery?
Good origami wolf sites?
Why did the Crown pass the so-called \Intolerable Acts\?
Name some famous or succesful people who lived \Off the beaten track\ ?
Is this copyright infringement?
Which of these books should I start reading?
Does a drying machine for clay exists??
Who was St. Michael and when did he live?
Which paper is considered good for shading ?
SOUND EFFECT STATUE COMING ALIVE SFX!!!!?
Help with direct and indirect objects?
What is the saddest book you've ever read?
How did the following vex Napoleon? Britain Spain Russia?
Questions about Wacom Intuos Pen and Touch vs Intuous Pen?
Why are Native Americans referred to as Indian American by many people?
who is paulette ftom a lesson before dying?
How much are Broadway VIP tickets?
Would you please critique, 'In A Sinking Boat I Scream Row Anne!'?
Do plants have souls?
Why can't women get pregnant in the handmaids tale?
is this picture(i drew) good ...any tips?
Which Book Title Should I Use?
What are your thoughts on... where is Hell?
END OF THE WORLD?! really?
Have you ever written a poem about a spurned sofa? C/C?
Contemporary/ Modern day Superhero ideas?
In a couple of years, how will today's Tea Party portrey the present-day Obama era?
Please what are the becterias that can damage the human life?
Why is consciousness so complex?
I need this software for my project?
Who completed the unification of Japan in 1600?
how is my drawing?..do u have any tips?
Good Articles or books to read for essay question?
What color would you choose to describe Philosophy?
am I classified as being Scottish if my Grand mother was born there ?
what type of art is the crazy rhythm by alsature?/?
Where can I get a good book publisher?
holocaust characteristics?
Guitar string type help?
Help in Rusell's \Value of Philosophy\?
What were the results of the battle of gonzales?
What are some books you want to see adapted to cinema?
How did the revolutions in Europe make states in some countries?
My son's talent agent just moved to a different agency. What do we do now?
Any good adventure novels about pirates?
Fun ideas for a group photo?
how to make, or built dash board and car panels like aluminum metals of our own and how to assembled it?
Where can I buy a FULL set of Copic markers?
Does a soul have weight?
How can one achieve complete equanimity and peacefulness?
Uncle of My Grandfather who Lost During World War I?
Who was Babar in indian history?
Is the Touch Feature on the Wacom Intuous Pen and Touch Really Worth the Extra $20?
Help with an essay? Please?
How can I start thinking creatively again?
What are some of the beauties of “Stillness”?
okay so im writng a fan fiction with Harry Styles and i need ideas on how to start it or the theme of it?
Reasons why people would go on a painting holiday in the UK?
How long of a line can 1oz of ink draw?
Can anyone recommend a fast-paced ,entertaining scifi series to read like Starship Troopers, B V Larson, etc.?
need help ending my horror story please?
Young adult book from the 80's?
Do you prefer to be feared or to be loved?
What site would be best to host family tree information (with occasional pictures)?
What is life habbit towords action?
Who is this actor/singer/model ?
Is SAI in line drawing software No.1?
I need some ideas for a short story?
what is a good book that has examples of leadership, but does no have the word leader anywhere in the title?
What are gift ideas for a friend who often sings opera?
[Romeo and Juliet] Why is capulet's prize underground? What is he talking about?
What is the other word that can be used for bottom ? A Inferior B Chase C Above D Face?
Does Hume believe in cause and effect, or does he just disproves it but believes in it?
how rare are dorothy adamsons paintings /prints?
Have you read \ The Catcher in the Rye\?
MINORS PERFORMING IN BANDS IN TEXAS?
What animation program for windows 8 allows you to hand draw on tablet and record audio into it?
How to edit pictures like this... (Eyes)?
What influenced the White Rose Movement?
Books that use language style from Davy Jones from Pirates of The Carribbean?
Any body tellme a best site for downloading hd couples photo?
Publishing on Smashwords?
why is WWII significant in the u.s?
is this drawing good?
Story Ideas for the Theme One Day?
What do you do with some drunken Italian Sailors jailed in India?
What is your favorite type of character to write? +(BQ)?
Things that you hate in YA fiction?
Anyone please clear my doubt?
WHAT WAS HAPEND GERMAN FORCE IN NORWAY?
Craft Ideas for Best Friend?
where do I find the avatar creator?
I'm writing a novel and I discovered it has the same name as an Italian company. Could they sue me?
Is this a good drawing/sketch?
A good interracial romance novel?
what are abstract watercolor paintings?
How to find out where someone is buried..?
I travel to dangerous places. My job title begins win E, what am I?
Was Claes Oldenburg the first artist to create soft sculptures officially?
How do you make that filled in black heart on iPad ?
How to understand Poetry?
How to be more hardworking?
locical conclusions / recommendations based on work done?
Do you have a chance of having British ancestry?
Dance project, I don't want to dance, what should I tell my coach?
I want to download couples photo of man please tell me some website to download it.?
whatkind of paper is this?
Other books 50 shades of grey readers recommend?
Negative pyschological implications of self-deprecating?
Hello guys I really need help about Sm/jyp/Yg/cube auditions.?
Where can i buy One by One They Disappear by Caroline Gebbie in paperback or hardback?
Can you help me analyze a short part of this poem?
was the American Revolution just so Washington and the other slave owners to gain power for themselves?
should i keep going to comedy clubs to perform for free?
What makes an atheist have a good morality?
What would you say to your 13 year old self?
i'm looking to get sponsored for magician or comedian?
so um everyone went silent when I showed my artwork??
Is this poem good? Any ways to improve?
Infinite Jest by David foster Wallace Good or Bad?
ideas for character's backsory?
What is this on a drive with life? is a noevl?
Is \the unforgiving minuet\ a personification or metaphor?
What has this artifact been called?
Why can't I just be happy?
Who are your 10 Favorite characters in A Song of Ice and Fire?
I am writing a short story and need a little help choosing the nam for my main male character...?
summary of three generations?
Things that we can sell that is Greece themed?
How do I stretch to gain flexibility?
What is stopping you from submitting your self to your creator? and becoming of those who sumbit ?
Dramatic Monologue Ideas?
I have a picture and I think it is a watercolor print. I do not know anything about it. can you guys tell me ?
What instrument is this?
Have you ever read Battle Royale?
What poor descision did William Lyon Mackenzie make?
Whats the meaning of life?
What is the best way for a young Artist to market himself and his art?
what is the name of this book?
is objectivism just an excuse to be psychopath?
Imagine your favorite video game character in a memorable scene, and try to reflect upon your feelings?
Someone to chat with about anime?
What are some good urban fantasy books?
Help with Shakespeare needed?
\everything exists in every time frame\?
What is missing in my life?
What is a good company for a 15 yr old to get some experience? And maybe start getting noticed..?
In the Hobbit how many years have passed between the quest that Bilbo goes on and The Battle of Azanulbizar?
Application for check book?
A few history questions I don't understand?
If I hook a microphone to a distortion pedal?
culture in United States specifically at Oregon 4000 years ago?
Paint me the water falls of life in words?
what is URN No in AadhaarCard?
How vividly can you paint the waterfalls of life?
Where can I go to get inspiration to write a poem?
where can i buy polymer clay in Dubai?
where do deleted files go after you have cleared recycle bin?
Can you critique the stylistic / poetic elements?
how do i get into a specialist performing arts university?
a follow up question to my little book series?
What do you think about my photo?
This is a pure question?
Quizilla Reference #3.2424ced8.1389318596.5a67b68a?
Does anyone know the name of this YA book?
prom ticket design ideas? beach/glow theme?
Can u plzz check out this scene? Here the boy is sleeping, holding the girl and it's soo full of love?
What is this font name, and where can i find it.?
I was taught in school that corn is the way it is because Native Americans?
What did you guys think about the construction of the Berlin Wall?
If you replace someone, doesn't that mean that person was always replaceable? Likewise, for you?
Boy or girl or neutral name?
Is there anything more boring than tapioca pudding?
Your opinion on werewolves?
What are 2 higher level questions about George Orwell 1984? Need help for English?
Is this a \deep\ saying?
How good of a chance do I have of getting into Harid Conservatory?
Do you know any fairy tale or fantasy novel with Black or people of color protagonists?
How did Andrew Jackson change democracy?
how to render in sketch up?
Poetry competition sites?
Opinions On A Poem I Created?
Is morphing possible?
Do Norwegian last names end in -sen or -son usually?
Mystery of Alexander the Great's death solved?
I want to be a male model. I have many nice photos on Instagram. elvisavila100 check them out.?
How to cheer up after a bad day at ballet?
Whats a good pencil sharpener?
if it were called upon you how would you explain human history to a super advanced extra terrestrial species?
a unique way to be kidnapped?
Why didn't Phileas Fogg go out and inspect the town of Suez?
What were Metternich’s views on liberalism & nationalism?
Describe the war against the Prussians and Austrians?
The lord of the rings and matrix are similar storys?
Describe Napoleon’s domestic policy?
What cannon lens should I buy If I want to take action shots at a distance yet get close up clear shot ?
Did you get what you deserved?
What famous painting is this?
What were the limitations to Napoleon’s authoritative rule?
How do you accept uncertainty?
When did the caste system start in india?
How to get a meeting with LA acting agencies?
What should I be charging for my photography?
will anyone help me write a poem about America?
A Fake Reality TV show names?
Which early American political party are these facts describing?
I wrote a book, How do I get as many readers as possible?
Russian revolution!!!!?
What could my last name mean and where could it be from?
How can I get better control over my vocal pitch?
Russian revolution thank you?
history Russian revolution?
How to achieve dreamy/flowy look of waterfalls?
change these sentences to a simple poem?
history Russian revolution?
Any Good Book Ideas Please?
I have 2,600 square feet of painting that needs to be done. I'm supplying primer and paint. how much?
What did people over 100 years ago think the Future (AKA the Present) would be like?
Help interpreting a propaganda poster!?
Ellusionist or theory11?
How to put text in a photo using photoshop?
Has anyone read the new book, River Riders by T.J. Price?
What to expect when playing violin?
which countries have the best acting opportunities?
Do we exist when we're unconscious?
Were most people(Germans) justified on construction of the Berlin Wall?
What was the relationship between freedom and control in the 1920s?
Good names for a fake Reality TV show???
What did James Madison do wrong in 1812?
how should i do the last 5 chapters?
Anyone Have Any Good Book Ideas? :)?
What do you think of my introduction?
were there Berenstain Chapter books?
What would be considered the best invention between the years 1790-1799? **IMPORTANT?
PLEASE ANSWER..I'm always sad because I always ask myself, what if I attended a diff school or lived, etc?
What are some challenges to the American Dream today?
When you think to yourself.. How it could have been.. Wasn't it exactly as.. It should have been?
All of the following were part of the transformation of the Soviet Union into a totalitarian state EXERT for?
What give you real hope in life?
Who to recommend '13 Reasons Why' To?
how did plantation economy cause the atlantic slave trade to expand so dramatically?
What kids/teens book is this?
which book should i read tonight?
which book should i read tonight?
Which one is do you like it, black ink, or blue ink?
Theatre scavenger hunt?
Any good books for 13 year old girls?
Dark after life question?
is it smarter to use a book or a computer?
How do you write a novel without sounding preachy?
What will humanity be like in 200 years time?
Title ideas for my essay?
SIZZLE AND SPLAT!!!!!?
How difficult is it to publish a book?
Advice on publishing an eBook?
Harry Potter vs Percy Jackson?
Does this poem have emotion?
What were the goals of the First International? How did they intend to meet these goals? What activities did t?
What does Rawls think about affirmative action?
Are publishers going to stop releasing books on cd?
What is the name of the main character from a book you are reading?
Percy Jackson fanfiction fans?
What Is It Like Being Human?
what did the american party stand for and who did they become known as?
I NEED TALENT IDEAS please help?
How would you describe such a person?
Do you think learning history is a waste of time?
Lord of the Flies help?
motivation to make short stories?
How would you describe such a person?
Is there a book that anyone has found?
how did john browns raids lead to the civil war?
What's the difference between Rush Baggot Treaty and Treaty at Ghent?
Dance lessons, I'm scared?
What is it about books as cultural artifacts that stirs such strong resistance to replacing them with newer?
what is the statue of limitations for loitering?
Atheist Response to Once Saved Always Saved and other Biblical nonsense?
what were the primary changes in american education in the late nineteenth century? What did the developments?
Was 8 below based on a true story?
Why isn't iowa famous for the computer?
Ideas on what to draw for an Art Project?
I am in 7th grade and I really like an eighth grader. I danced with him at our school dance and he told me....?
why did cesar chaves do what he did?
\1973\ poem theme help?
explain how national heritage drives nation to greatness?
explain how national heritage drives nation to greatness?
To what extent did the 1920s exemplify a decade of confidence, disillusionment, and isolation?
Looking for a certain book?
America Revolution: French vs British?
what's the name of this book? utopian aspect(?)?
What do you think of my artwork?
What should the title of my book be?
Chances of iphone 5s camera lens scratching?
What are some good books to read?
What do you think of my writing?
Why is percy a prefect in his 6th year?
Would you reccomend a Monoprice Graphic Drawing Tablet?
some help on gothic designs?
In what ways are the characters \lost\ in Greats Gatsby?
Any acting agents looking for a young actress or actor?
How to read Rhythms and some Clarinet Basics Help?
What don't you like about the world?
Do you get a sense of deja-vu when you think about Our universe?
has the happiest moment of your life already happened? Or is it waiting for you in the future?
in what book did galileo write \mathematics is the language with which god has written the universe\?
why did the Greeks establish colonies?
if law of attraction works, would I die soon?
Any embarrassing moments or funny scenes for a story? Help!?
I need help giving names to my book characters! Help please!?
Oil Painting on Primed Canvas?
How to upload watercolor paintings for children's ebook without losing quality?
Could Ronald DeFeo have used a silencer on the rifle when he killed his family in Amityville?
why did the ku klux klan become influential in the 1920's?
whats your favorite YA books?
What is so special about \making a difference\?
how did radicals challenge american ideals in the 1920's?
After Tibet is freed, what should be done about the Han Chinese settlers there?
What did margaret sanger witness among poor immigrant woman while working as a nurse in New York?
Summary of diary of a wimpy kid?
Title for my book...?
Can anyone write me a 14 line sonnet with 10 syllables per line about Julius Caesar?
Novel where tables are turned on cheating girlfriend?
Help with this history stuff?
Ok,Hello Yahoo world I am a thirteen year old writer. I have gone through many hobbies and?
What jobs are there in history?
Could I be a male model?
Can someone help be chose a good book to read?
what actions did mexico display that forced sam houston to send 300 of the state's militia to south texas?
Should I write a book about bad sex stories?
What kind of sacrifices did americans make back at home during WWII?
What happened to many japanese-americans living in the U.S. during WWII?
WWII in the pacific question!!!?
How do I tell the differerence between ivory or perhaps plastic?
How do I turn drawing into vectors?
Where should I start for getting into Music Composition?
European society in the 15th century leading to the 17th century?
History Source Documents on VA?
Need ideas for new zen tangle?
what is a good all round film lens on a budget?
why am i a alcoholic?
Does anybody know any information on Will Hodge, from Surry County, NC?
How not to look like a tourist in a big city?
I hate my ex so much, he makes me angry, what's the best way to handle it?
How do I become a girl?
What are some good picture editing apps?
Advice on writing a book?
How do you make a rubbing?
I need help choosing a name for my Character?
Which things are essential for your existance upon this Earth?
Metaphor or simile in Percy Jackson?
Which cover should I use for our kindle ebook coming out?
How do people make this type of art?
History test review, need some help.?
economic system in Latin America?
A good title for this story?
list two things that we have learned about the u.s. population in the last census?
what does it mean when?
What is a good book that you'd recommend?
what happened in cairo during the 20th century?
What is the name of the book about a girl and her siblings sold by their father?
Should I quit my school musical?
After you What is charisma ? What is a charismatic man ?
What more could the canadian goveremnt have done to end the great depression?
Why can't atheists be logical and open-minded like agnostics and some theists?
What was the use of glycerol in world war 2?
What is the Postmodern definition of love?
whats the best way to write a prophetic opening that reflects the ending to come?
what to do about my wattpad problems?
Sonnet 2 and Sonnet 9?
Is this a good title?
Im thinking of making some novelty gifts like little animal ornament type things, what kinda clay is best?
In World War I, I hear that the Saxons were nicer than the other Germans, is this true?
Is there a job market for people who are interested in history and are good at it?
how can i show others that i do have talent?
Who were the top 5 BLACK abolitionists in American history?
what is the value of THE GATES by CHRISTO?
why I write how I feel?
about the Antigone story?
What is the purpose of meaning?
I am scared to do pull offs because my guitar string might break?
How to contrast Film and Digital photography?
Why did President Carter concede defeat to Ronald Reagan before the 1980 election was over? What was result?
Any idea of the value of this painting?
Anyone know where to find the chromecast photo gallery?
Audition Song For Into the Woods?
I want a list of songs... for the stage performance in my college.... it should be a fast song... semi classic?
Does anyone recognize this painting?
What was Joseph Stalin's political manifest, and why people were hated Stalin so much?
What to wear to a Broadway show?
I forgot the name of this kids novel?
How can I write a good poem about horses?
If I post something on a blog, is it automatically copyrighted?
Can I upload a story on Wattpad from my desktop computer or do I need a iPad or iPhone.?
I need someone to hire me freelance writer?
How to make an acoustic guitar sound good?
What songs should I sing for my Into the Woods audition?
redbone african american?
My art teacher wants everyone's projects to be too similar?
How can I rent to own guitars?
Where do you place your self identity?
What books have 3 to 5 minute monologues?
how did the twelve tables influence the roman empire?
Why do you think some men do Ballet Dancing?
On TV shows why do some actors get introuduced in the opening credits different then others?
I feel hopeless,what should I do ?
How to create an insane character?
How do you get this effect?
How to make a children's book ?
Who is the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Canada?
Ladies... what do you consider to be 'a real man'?
What should I paint about for my art class?
To Kill a MockingBird.?
Write everything you know about the dances in the 1920s?
Clever names for an art business. 10pts..?
Mlp sad fics to read?
Who were 2 important people in nefertiti's life?
What 3 key events cause Landon Carter to change in A Walk To Remember? (THE NOVEL)?
How often do you question your existence?
How is Ezra connected to A in pretty little liars?
Are expensive guitars easier to play?
Can someone give me Cosplay Advice?
what are 8 reason given by Thomas Paine to declare independence?
Need help with Art GCSE final piece mask?
what is a challenge q's for concept 7?
what is the bet 3d animation software for a short science video?
To me art is the experience of a reaction. Does this make sense?
I don't understand why I am always sad?
What were some of the first nomadic tribes and where were they located?
What would a Christian from the medieval Holy Roman Empire have thought of Nazi Germany?
Huckleberry Finn was written?
Details on Japans policy of isolation?
History Essay Feedback (Dieppe Raid)?
Is this a poem for adults or for children?
Do absurdism and nihilism fit under the umbrella of existentialism?Why did Camus deny being a philosopher?
Does anyone know the title of his book?
Is being average the most unfortunate thing a person can be?????
Is it true there are some spooky similarities between Lincoln and Kennedy?
Will my old art kit sell on ebay?
Any suggetion for my poem?
My Kindle won't let me buy a book?
Could someone please help me with these Fine Art questions please I'm desperate?!?
Question About YA Fantasy Books?
What are some of the easiest, yet hard looking, contenporary dance moves?
A photoshop and corel draw operator can be called graphic designer? If not wich software is really remain ?
Of Mice and Men help!? Please??
I wrote a poem for class... I am so confused.?
do i sing good for my age?
What is the message of Cartoon in counting there is strength?
What's a good monster idea for a short horror story?
Do you like the single story \?\ or the double story \a\ better?
Where can I buy film for this camera?
What exactly did Romeo Dallaire do in Rwanda?
What song should I sing to audition for Willy Wonka and the chocolate factory?
new acoustic guitar help?
How to get this type of photo?
Creative ideas for travel journal and photography?
Creative ideas for travel?
What was the reason the USA got involved in the Persian Gulf War 23 years ago tomorrow?
What GCSEs do I need to become a special effects make-up artist?
I need a cereal box name quick!!!?
Front facing vs rear facing camera difference?
Any stories with memory loss?
Will you critique and edit if needed [Believe and Be Satisfied] this poem in iambic tetrameter?
Why are actors in movies and TV the people others want to know but people in school plays...?
What is a complementary color?
how did rich people earn their money back in 19th century england?
How was the 13th amendment passed?
Japan is still being very aggressive to its neighbors?
How to convince myself I'm not going to get the lead role?
USA - Why did sugar rationing continue for 2 years after World War II ended?
Is there an online recent birth records database in Germany?
Disney song for musical audition?
did the christmas truce take place during the cold war?
What did towns do in the 1600/1700s if they didn't have a pastor?
three musicians 1921 picasso....canvas?
How do i turn hand drawn drawings into vectors?
special government office established by attorney general palmer to gather information on radical activities w?
what nationality am i?
where can i find a sketch book with plain paper and also lined paper!?
How do I improve my jazz pirouettes?
Would there be times on *snow days* you wouldn't see it coming either?
What songs does old Deuteronomy sing in cats?
What disney princess do I look most like?
What's a \small town sweetheart\ in the 1920s?
Have (you) neo-nazis read Mein Kampf at all?
What Ernie ball strings would be best for my guitar?
Which of the following is true about Muslims?
How does My Lai Massacre relate to rights and responsibility?
How can i enhance an iphone photo?
If you could have any power what would it be?
Books with the theme of sexism, classism, and racism?
How to paint on your walls over and over again?
Why does Jeanine Mathews dislike Tris from the very beginning in the book Divergent?
The arc of history seems to bend toward... what does that mean?
For a child, is growing up about learning to be independent?
What can i do for my collage about the Canadian Shield?
If southerns states had not seceded, what would have happened to slavery?
help with my short story?
help me with this history?
what is that book by Agatha Christie?
historical context of the 1965 selma march?
Where is Dance Fusion located?
What Are Some Adventorous Book? But they HAVE To Be Classics? Please help!?
Honest Feedback On my Photography?
Would you consider this a free verse style poem? (never written one like it before)?
What is the texture of the painting \Bedroom at Arles\ ?
Why did the United States remain neutral at the beginning of WWI?
How did mining affect the development of the West?
Do most people have a family secret?
How do I do this collage?
Whats my race, ethnicity,and nationality.?
Manual drawing or computer drawing?
What did Marie Curie and Enrico Fermi have in common?
good apps for photos,photoshop,or putting stuff on pictures?
Can you please give me feedback for my photography?
Give two examples of how napoleon bonaparte tried to promote enlightenment ideals?
Edgar Allen Poe, The Tell Tale Heart. Homework help!?
Was ancient aliens made by and for racist culture?
What kind of art is the picture of this video?
Where were the people in the Iwo Jima memorial from?
Where were the people in the Iwo Jima memorial from?
What's this book called?
How to make star trails w/PSE 12?
Which sentence best describes the literary technique of flashback in fiction?
Why do people have a bad perception of Cambodia?
In your opinion. What is the meaning of life. ANY INPUT WELCOME?
of mice and men historical background?
in what way is the fertile crescent vulnerable to outside attacks?
Why did the student riots start in Mai 68?
What are some examples of good ideas the states have made?
3 enlightenment thinkers?what did they believe?why are there beliefs important today?
Any bargain book stores?
short story ideas w/ life lessons?
Are our imaginations powerful enough to achieve our dreams??(10 points)?
Where in Sacramento, CA can I find rhinestones being sold wholesale?
do pros / serious photographers ever use point & shoot cameras?
Did Holden Caulfield find his Catcher in the Rye?
What came to power after assyrian empire was destroyed?
Some tips on picking a good camera?:)?
3 enlightenment thinkers,what did they believe,why re there beliefs important today?
Good paranormal romance or romantic thriller books?
What moves should I do for my dance to Mexico by Hedley?
What was Mongol rule like?
Who was responsible for getting a mass amount of people to join the crusades?
Why do I fail at LIFE :(?
how can i deal with a difficult boss?
Help me finish my poem?
are any of these features important to you in a camera?
Need help making a dance choreography?
looking for anyone who can remove watermark from photo?
Help me! Any answers!?
In the Honorverse series, which title comes first, chronologically? At All Costs, or Storm From the Shadows?
Where did the Headless Horseman come from?
Can you think of any creative expression projects I could do for Kafka's \The Metamorphosis\?
What is the name of this ballet variation?
Help with French Revolution? It's simple...?
I have a question what places did John a McDonald wend before confederation and what did he do?
Best brand for lens filters?
Artist Research help?
What is the rhetorical purpose of \The Great Gatsby\?
What are some books like The Maze Runner series?
In the 1930's hitler signed agreements with all the following except?
How long do you leave henna on for?
what is the name of this model?
How long did it take before a publisher accepted you?
What should I draw my dad?
Where can i download a free book?
What name fits this story idea?
Real! Legitimate! Acting Agencies?
Why do some people argue that the conviction of Sacco & Vanzetti showed that America had turned inward?
what does Mr Finch use for his artwork?
I am looking to fix my my photography website?
who can fill in the blank please???????
How to enjoy in life without lot of money?
for Antique Collectors, is it a Martial Redon fake mark ?
using a viewfinder with glasses & in the sun?
The fault in our stars?
Help thinking of a good video title?
I can't draw but I want to!?
What was India like before and after Gandhi?
I need ideas for my short story. 10 points!?
In what era was the birth of modern times?
Is there a scripture which contains words of God himself, not words which man say about God?
Need advice on voice lesson issue asap?
Not sure what to do for book club - Cloud Atlas?
I want my fictional world to have unique astronomical phenomena, but I don't want it to be cliché?
Question for Muslims: what are your opinions on the Shii vs Sunni violence and tensions? Are you for one?
Survey discussing the attitudes towards Street Art, responses needed!?
What would be a good title for my story based on this idea?
list of well known funny short stories during 1930s or the Great Depression period?
Were the Romantics liberals or libertarians?
Define Westward Expansion Terms... Pacific Railroad Act-? Native American Conflict-? Wounded Knee Act-?
Who is the model in this picture?
What happened to this woman?
Is digital art replacing the old fashioned styles and traditional methods for creating art ? Opinions Please?
where can I download the acapella of Paper Planes by Rin kagamine?
Does Samsung TV show auditions with Cast Hub?
Need a gang name for a story!?
Why were some men not allowed to fight in WW2?
How to make a children book?
How to create the movie 'The Others' into a play?
Help identifying 70s children's book feat. humans becoming ducks.?
HISTORY HELP ASAP! how has the indian ocean basin trade impacted the social, political and economic developmen?
HISTORY HELP ASAP! how has the indian ocean basin trade impacted the social, political and economic developmen?
Seeing the future?? (10 points)?
Is this my ending for my story bad?
I don't know what else to do with my 'Banksy' art?
How to open corrupted *.ai file of Adobe Illustrator?
before nuclear weapons, what determined a country's power?
I need Kingdom names for a book I am writing?
History Help!!!! Like really bad! What do you think?!?!?!?!?!?!?
should \image quality\ numbers dissuade me from buying a camera?
What do you call a country that has a colony?
people say you should never chase after anyone and that the right people will find you do you agree?
What do you think of this part of my story?
What can i write a short story about?
Does anyone know of any online communities for poetry?
What was benefical about reconstruction? What aspects of Reconstruction were harmful then and since?
Turning a poem into a short story, GCSE English?
Give YOUR personal response on this poem please! 10 POINTS BEST ANS?
How did Thomas Cromwell contribute to the break with the Catholic Church in 1533-34?
Please suggest books?
Diary about fear of examination?
There is no surprise more magical?
What were the methods of preventing crime and catching criminals in the eighteenth century?
What did the Indians do when the Colonists try to move west?
What was your last enlightening experience?
Hi! Does anyone know how to rubber stamp a glossy photograph? I tried this but the stamp keeps wiping off?
How do i become a better writer ?
British ww1 public opinion quotes please?
i Am a photographer. Please suggest me how to charge for Architecture and interior photography in India.?
Does anyone by any chance know this book?
Does a edition of the Prokofiev Flute Sonata Op 94 with fingerings for the pianist exist?
What hardships did the Colonists face?
I need the name of this book please. It is a man vs self conflict?
What were the terms of the Nazi-Soviet Pact?
Why was sharecropping more popular than the wage system in the south during reconstruction?
Great Gatsby thesis statement!??
Is my tattooist lying to me?
What period/era? Robert Browning?
If someone truly loved you, would they let you walk out of their life?
why am I such a slow writer?
Was Jacques Cartier the first to discover Canada? What is he known for?
When can I start playing?
Structure of 'Of Mice and Men'...?
Why do people try to change introverts, as if we are defective?
Hey can you please help me to think of good ideas...?
How long did it take for Berlin to be rebuild after 1945?
Help with art exam?????!?
How did Britain feel about 10 years after the end of World War One?
Acting Monologue Help!?
how can I get my photography more noticed?
The best \buyback\ book service for Teaching Textbooks in the UK?
what should I do?? help!!?
Is Disney really as innocent as portrayed?
If you take a holistic attitude towards reality, how can 'the supernatural' actually exist?
I got this from my grandfather does anyone have any idea what it is?
How to get an A* in GCSE Art?
How can i be more talkative?
tight hamstrings? ???
Ideas for \recycled\ bird house?
Making gifs for Tumblr.?
If you're dating someone and they never have time for you how would you take that?
What should i do for School Art project?
Is a Dean Razorback Blackbolt Floyd Rose a good guitar?
What was Nicholas II's main reason for going to war with Japan?
I NEED NAMES! GIRL NAMES!?
I'm looking for detective stories similar to those written by PD James?
Best books on Protestantism/Catholicism?
joseph stalins economic costs?
Is it ok to define God however you choose?
Who is the author of this quote?
Is this a good book plot?
How to make this kind of collages?
Should i become an exotic dancer( stripper)?
Photography school instead of college?
Can the personality of the poet be understood by the purely formal or musical quality of his word choice?
Are pirate young adult romance stories in?
Please suggest me any books.any intersting nd not boring?
I have a question regarding how to draw sheen in black girls hair?
Steampunk afterschool club help?
Is it necessary to show love to the people you love?
When was Adolf hitler born? When did he die?
are Nikon lenses better than Canon lenses?
What was the main cause of the Russian Revolution?
Do You Appropriate Art?
Good photography apps for iPhone 4S?
adventure/travel/books about...?
Photography Editing Question?
What's so great about divergent?
Speech on arts and Aesthetic?
what were the achievements of alexender ?
Could it be possible that you die each time you fall asleep?
Are we more free in consciousness or unconsciousness?
How to describe a fly moving across a window?
Where do we go from here?
How big of a role does the Unseen University play in the Discworld series?
A question about literary agents?
Do economic ideas matter?
Help with coming up with a title?
Can someone help me with this please?
Can someone give me some ideas on what i can do for my final piece in GCSE art and the theme is still life?
Can someone suggest me good erotic romantic books like 50 shades trilogy?
Sweeney Todd: Anthony and Johanna could be siblings?
I am looking for a black and white photograph?
Can some give me some artist that paint still life things please?
HISTORY COURSEWORK A2 HELP?
what is the resolution to the book ender's Game?
I'm writing a story, I need your awesome ideas.?
Popular family tree websites?
What were some of the experiences Watkins had in training camp?
Any artists out there that are willing to draw for me?
What is a good photo printer for under £200?
What is the educational worth of philosophy for children (P4C)?
Do authors write just for money? Do they cherish their characters/stories at all?
Do you like this excerpt from my teen novel?
What are the 10 key events in Macbeth?
Help with my writing?
My family found coin?
After the Boer war, under what policy did the resulting union of south africa operate?
What are some Long-Term Impacts for the CPP?
What jobs can I get with a diploma in art and humanities?
3 enlightment thinkers?
Books like twilight, mortal instruments and the host?
More picture help please?
how to take a picture that was taken horizontal, and print it vertical?
One of the factors that allowed civilizations to thrive was mans ability to?
Cute Bromances In Books and Tv Shows?
What was sir john Hawkins major discovery?
A question about thestrals is Harry Potter?
Is it wrong to kill a man whose death was not foreseen and without suffering or impact?
Ego... self esteem, self importance... how do we reach that and is there ever too much?
PERSIAT of Genghis Khan and The Making of The Modern World?
What were the key features of the treaty of locarno?
Why 13th century is important for mentality historians? Roman countries, Italy, france, Spain?
Do you feel or somehow know for sure that your mind is not the only thing that exists?
Where the Atomic Bombs dropped on Hiroshima and Nagasaki actually 2 spirit bombs created by Goku?
Need a very short story on tiger, elephant or giraffe ?
Illustration ideas that remind you of a song?
What are the early agricultural products of Eurasia?
Understanding 3D printing?
Love or hate, positives or negatives... what does the world need more of?
What were the key features of the leagues peacekeeping role?
What is aryan dravidian theory ? Is there any truth in it ? What is aryans ?
Is grinding the only dance move teens these days know how to do? My school dances are like sex parties?
I want to obtain a copy of the death certificate of William John Huntley who died in 1957?
What is the name of this book!?
can you please give me suggestions for making this first draft better?
which answer best expresses some of the issues related to the court system that are listed in the declaration?
I can't draw but I want to!?
Who were the key philosophers of existentialism?
i wanna find a reliable casting agency and so far ive had no luck. i live in philly?
Is Divergent a good book to read?
Who can help me make a figure of speech on poem about ourself?
i need some names for my fantasy novel?
How to play Betty in The Crucible?
Why was napoleon not executed after the battle of waterloo?
which of the following was not a league of nations mandate after WWI?
Why was Thomas Cranmer a factor in England's break with the Roman Catholic Church in 1533-34?
Essay theme - coming together in a world of difference?
where to download beatrice small for free?
How can I get good at playing my guitar?
Question about Science Fiction Books.?
Eb clarinet alternate fingerings?
How did Stalin keep his people under control?
i want 5 to 6 poem for elucation compition for grade 2....plz hrrrrry uppppp?
Can i use a graffiti name that someone else has if there out of the country?
Can anyone tell me the name of this book?
Studying a double degree?
Recommended art equipment for drawing?
Is the concept of \levels of logic\ a valid concept?
which act of congress instituted a draft during WWI?
Can you work and do community theater at the same time?
Why is mona lisa painting by da vinci famous ? What is so special in it ?
More homework help. Is all poetry a little gay?
How can I learn to write complex and elegant sentences in English language?
Is there anything wrong with this?
who is pablo picasso?
why are actions/emotions sometimes confusing?
what main impact did andrew jackson have on the geography of the southern states?
How does the Academy Award judges operate?
In your opinion, what are the top 5 best generals ever?
What is the kindest thing someone has done for you?
plymouth photography buddy wanted?
how do i get my name out as a writer?
Other than Austerlitz, what was Napoleon's greatest victory?
who controlled the most territory bordering the louisiana purchase?
How to write a book perfectly ?
When you go against all you believe in, what are you really doing?
Philosophical Theories: Do some tend to accept the? system?
How to get painting appraised?
antigone theme of fear?
Is this a proper ballad or should it be in homework help?
What are authors that write books for elementary school students called?
whats the easiest way to publish a book?
Do animals have souls?
Can someone summarize to me Shakespeare plays?
Is it okay do this this way?
Feeling & Thinking: Does the mind reside above the?
I am creating a Facebook page for my photography... and I eventually want it to evolve into a small business.?
What were Nietzsche's views on bullying?
In the fututre, will the \Obama is a communist\ wackos succeed in rewriting American history?
What are you reading these days?
What did President Hoover think caused/could cure the Depression?
What is the role of English Heritage?
Did the Declaration of Independence or the Treaty of Paris say that American Colonies were no longer -?
what was the name of wilson's plan to prevent wars again after world war one?
which matters more to you in life- money or love? why?
How is destroying a book to create a sculpture not considered a destruction on par with book burning?
Who will be judged better by post-Obama historians: President Obama or the Tea Party?
Knitting odd number K4P4?
Is this a poem (\Feng Shui\)? If so, will you comment on it?
How can I figure out what native american tribe I am?
How do I start to get my name as a writer?
Why are we so attracted to gold?
Will this be the big myth about the United States between 2008 and 2016?
I'm 20 what should I do in my life.... Please help? X?
How to control more than two characters in a conversation?
what type of weapon was not used in world war one?
Compare and contrast the kingdoms of England and France in the time of Louis 14 and the glorious revolution?
What are the main problems in \Baudolino\ by Umberto Eco? Please help!?
What will happen if you flush toilet paper in Nicosia?
would u recomend the book of tressure hunt of authir lara bergan or nt . why?
River flows in you by Yiruna guitar question?
What are metaphors for circus tents?
What are interesting facts about Stephen F Austin?
Would you continue reading, honestly?
What are Stephen F Austins accomplishments starting from 1821?
Can I play guitar if I can play a violin?
If I enjoyed the hobbit, will I enjoy LOTR?
How can I know you exist?
Will any highlighter ink glow in the dark?
is 14 to late to start irish dancing?
When do you find out Jace and Clary aren't related?
In the allegory of the cave, why does the philosopher go back and try to enlighten other people?
YA - what would you like to read?
How was there no return for the aristocracy after the February revolution?
History of Lipread and dead people in the dark ages.?
What are good photography books to buy, full of different photographers?
5 facts about Alison Ingram?
I am searching for ties to my Native American Heritage as well, I am Blackfoot Indian as well as Chicopee?
Does anyone know old low german (old saxon)?
Who is the greatest philanthropist ever?
Who is the greatest philanthropist ever?
Why didn't the USA use aircraft carriers against the Nazis?
How to twerk like Miley Cyrus?
who said this 'I wish I was a frog. Or a eel'?
Would you please critique this stony scribble?
Human behaviour philosophy question?
I'd really like your opinion on this!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1?
How do I start to get my name as a writer?
I wrote a poem for this girl, Is it good?
book chat rooms online?
can you talk about the history of the united states in this time?
Which is best to use in wax sculpting: a candle, alcohol lamp or alcohol torch? Why?
What is the role of nature in american literature? with examples?
Calling all artists! I desperately need a drawing?
What is the purpose of life?
How do people motivate themselves from negative criticism?
Extra Roles WA (Acting)?
I am writing a book and I need a title, does anyone have good suggestions?
I need a rhyme/poem to hint to someone that I got them a present. Could you help me out please?
Things I do not understand about human nature?
Character Name Troubles?
Scriptwriters, how do you write romance that isn't too blatant?
can you recommend any latest books for girls?
When did the last glacial period end?
What were the results of the Reformation in Germany until 1535?
Oil painting cources. I want to learn. in less than 10 months?
200,000 years ago is what BC?
hey to all of you omani or so called ahlul uman , why did you claim that omani people are the great arabs sail?
Is being a genius a gift a curse or both?
does anyone know were i can find blueprints for the motherland calls monument?
How much training should a actor have before starting to look for work?
is a selfie a more accurate representation of how you look?
Any sweet/cute books for teen romance? I liked My Life Next Door & Fangirl. :) With really cute characters. :)?
relationship between boredom and practicality?
Do you always uncounsiously dream?
why the bamiyan statues were destroyed?
How does the power of concave lens vary, if the incident ray be replaced by violet ray?
What is the most famous dynasty in the Chinese Civilisation? Please answer today!!!?
Did Roman and Greek civilization decline or transformed to another form of civilization?
If you have to choose one:die brave or live coward? what will you choose and why?
Is the enlightened ever resentful?
Harry Potter Survey...?
Where can I find Russian illustrated books for children?
Do you agree with this quote by Nietzsche?
what is the minimum age required for kid to join dance class?
Photography Editing Question?
Could an artificial intelligent machine think thoughts beyond human comprehension?
what are some good dance songs for a disco party?
Why is the rape rate in Australia higher than some other nations?
Story plot error LoL Pls help!?
Story plot error LoL Pls help!?
What website are good to find out ones y haplogroup and mtdna haplogroup?
read and criticize my poem, alot people can relate?
Is the surname leiva jewish or Spanish?
Best film camera for cheap?
Summer of my german summer?
Does every successful person had interest/passion?
Help with the Cherokee Nation?
Question about 3D printing?
Is it ok to be going through the tough-ness of life?
Cant upload my photos online?
Would you agree with this quote by Winston Churchill?
Does anybody know this book about a boy and his pet bear.?
Would you like a world where there is only peace,no war,no hate and mostly no pain?
What is difference between prejudice and discrimination?
Middle & Surnames Help?
Why aren't modern philosophers as interesting to me?
Would I make cheerleading?
Les Miserables history?
Can anyone give me 4 short articles or summaries of The Migration during THE GREAT DEPRESSION (US HISTORY)?
air, earth, fire, water, darkness and blank?
Why was LA officially named in Spanish?
Does being enlightened means that one will no longer fight with loved ones?
Can anyone remember the name of this book?
What font type is this?
What is your favorite meme?
what is the approximate time period in which each empire period took place?
similar to guest bloggers, are there any graphic artists who may be willing to work for exposure only?
How to draw lots of horizontal and vertical lines in Photoshop?
Who colonized central africa ?
Survey: How do you perceive life and the world.?
Is it okay to post my painting on my blog and join a competition?
In the book A Clockwork Orange what does \Yarbles, bolshy great yarblockos to thee and thine\, mean?
Kite Runner Irony help?
The amnesia plot line?
how did sports in the 1920s create tension in society?
Dancing after ACL Injury?
What happens when you least expect it to do so?
How did sports in the 1920s change/transform society?
how much should i spend on my first guitar/ what brand?
compare and contrast flowers for Algernon?
what are the character of renaissance people?
How does one differentiate between an animal and a monster?
Bass clarinet problem?
Who are the enemies of mermaids?
Any websites for kawaii polymer clay?
Critiques aesthetically or artistically?
Whats the meaning of this line?
what do you think of this poem?
can you paint acrylic paint over alkyd paint when alkyd is dry?
What do you think of the name Naomi?
Lens badly packed - should I seek to return?
Symbolic Philosophy P->Q,R->S |- (PvR) > (QvS)?
Britain abandoned its policy of appeasement when Germany...?
What are your favorite eye colors? or color?
WHY DOES \A\(EZRA) WANT TO KILL ALi?????!!!?
How do I circulate my screenplay if I am newcomer?
Fictional story I read a very long time ago, I can hardly remember it,I need help with what it is?
What is freedom in your opinion?
What did my Monk friend mean when he said this?
Finding court records?
what do you think of the bunnicula series by james howe?
How come I lack any common sense?
Can any brush blend any acrylic paints?
What is the \when\ setting of Romeo and Juliet?
I don't know how to learn choreography from a music video...any tips I could use?
How do I become an Anime voice actor?
People with depression: does this help?
I want to change my name...need help!!!!!!!?
How to put a white background behind a picture?
Why did some people think Harry Potter was satanic?
If anyone can be so kind as to translate this poem for me? It is Sonnet 14 from Wordsworth.?
Should i buy Lord of rings box-set or the all in one volume?
Can you tell me who this woman is, or the artist, or the name of this work?
A question for those who are very charismatic?
What book should I write an argumentative essay on?
My girl likes Manga.. I want to make a manga of how we met to where we are now. I dont know how to draw.?
I'm looking for a book...?
Is being thankful as easy as saying: 'Thank you'?
Do you ever feel like this?
Why does Dennos Rodman keep making such a fool of himself?
What's best book to learning everything about acting Business?
Looking For A Dramatic Monologue (War, Abuse etc.)?
Is it true.....\ Life is 10% what happens to us and 90% how we react to it\?
6 things from ancient rome that we have in america today?
Why did Hitler like the Japanese so much if they were non-Aryan and why employ Nazis with dark hair/eyes?
What is Theatre in two sentences?
Can someone explain the story\ The Perks of Being A Wallflower to me ? \?
What are good lion/cat photos?
Best place to buy expired 35mm film?
what is the time of this picture?
How do I find a person if he was an orphan supposedly, but only know his name and approximate age?
My husband assaults people when he is drunk - should he quit drinking?
Were the Iroquois natives close to any other group?
what where 14 year old girls like in the 1940s?
Where can I get a model car cnc'd or 3D printed?
Is this a good description for my story?
What was Lavinia Fontana's art style?
what was Aaron Montgomery’s contribution to the expansion of a national network of business and industry?
What is the point of Life?
Why was the Ohio river valley so appealing to settlers? Why did it become so controversial?
what is a good philosophy book , like not a boring one,?
Open criticism/general opinions. Instant - A poem regarding self-awareness?
Compare and contrast the role of religion in the ottoman and Tokugawa empire?
Can anyone tell me what font this is?
What is this style of drawing and where can i learn it? (link below)?
Evaluate the role of government in American society between 1865 and 1968.?
A picture frame has dimensions 7ftx1ft enlarge and reduce the dimensions?
What happened in the 1900s that changed south african dramatically?
What is the symbol for deceit/deceitfulness?
What is the symbol for deceit/deceitfulness?
How much is my antique book worth?
What happened to Germans who opposed hitler?
POV writing question?
What's a good acting scene that makes you want to be better?
Can you be good at prose writing but bad at poetry?
I don't know what success is to me? and i'm lost?
How do you keep a background in traditional animation without drawing it over and over again?
What is a good way to keep a straight face on stage?
How to become much more flexible?
What is the Entire History of the Head Start Program?
Pole dance Vs aerobic silk...?
You can hide in the darkness or be like the sun and shine your light on this earth. Which would you rather do?
Why is Holden so concerned about phoniness?
Don't we see more than with our eyes, hear more than just with our ears, feel so much more than just with?
Who along with henry clay helped bring about the compromise of 1850?
where were the alien and sedition acts signed?
Does this idea sound like a moralistic sermon?
Did Camus wrote poetry?
Is a smile and a (((Hug))) more than enough to withstand the coldest of hearts?
Try to guess where i'm from by just hearing my accent?
What is the most Disturbing Disney Fanfic you have ever read?
Is there a quiet art in the skill of standing still?
Where can you go from here?
HELP TO WRITE A BALLAD!!!!?
I just want an outside opinion on a poem I will read at a funeral?
Why do Asians prefer to sleep on the floor?
compare and contrast eastern front and western front from WW1?
Tabs vs Playing by the ear?
What is the Majestic Theatre in Broadway NYC best seat?
Need a monologue that will make you cry and laugh a little?
Iconic book/fairytale characters?
Are they making another Sound Bender?
Reinke family coat of arms?
Why is it important to read? In Fahrenheit 451. And How does Ray Bradbury make his story believable?
Didn't Neruda write gay poetry?
What are some creative things to do with a 5 gallon?
How would you describe these characters based on their names?
Help describe with girl finding out that her dad was murdered?
How should the magic in my story work?
What is a possible focus of the theme for my art project, 'Beauty and the Beast'?
What is Ender's age in \Ender's Game\?
Are all the things you believe in, all you require?
I think I can see the future, is that possible?
How is burning books burning Culture?
i need names for a story.?
Philosophy Junkie: What's problems in your life need attention quickly?
Creative art project! 10 points?
Need to find the full version of Romeo & Juliet?
Do you Tell me way of writing essay ?
Your wishes were granted... but are you Happy?
Websites where young authors can post their work?
Artist that focused on the sun?
Can anyone give me advice on how to write an abusive relationship?
Painters Block, Any new ideas?
Help with identifying this book please!?
Are there fiction novels about illustrators, animators or even something close?
Whats something sad i can write?
What was the critical event that ended World War 2?
Name Some Girly Occasions?
What is wrong with this Ontological Argument by Anselm?
A Proper Modeling Portfolio?
Do we only need to fear death when we have not been a good person in this life?
Does anyone know what font these is?
A good medium format film camera?
Does anyone know how to create a professional book cover?
is it a bad idea to post stories on wattpad or should i just keep them to myself?
Looking for a book..?
Do you think that when you paint....?
Dancing shoes? are there any?
Would it be a bad idea to create a parody of a work that peaked in popularity years ago?
Remembrance of Things Past or In Search of Lost Time?
What kind of Grammar Book should I get to study?
Any good names for a sorceress/witch?
Can someone help with a title for my story?
How is consonance different from alliteration and assonance?
HELP WRITING A BALLAD ?
TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD?
People blame others.. but is the only one we should blame be ourselves? For aren't we the only one?
Is it a bad idea to create different stories aimed at different age groups but set in the same universe?
claudius' transition from you to thou when talking to laertes indicates claudius?
What do you think of this poem?
Good things about Humanity?
who knows Macbeth well?
School yard antics and bullying? What is the state of someone's mind when they resort to this?
Self conscious about myself.?
Burning Books is burning Culture?
What DOES bring about maturity in an adult? Does it start with self respect and respect for others?
Stupidly impossible to be an actor (UK)?
I want to change my last name. Suggestions for something with an exotic asian touch that would go with Isla?
How's my writing so far?
Would you continue reading, honestly?
If Hitler didn't kill himself, would he have allied with Russia to take Britain (the place he loved most)?
where can i get the free e book of the text book ways of the world first edition?
How does the salem witch trials relate to rights and regulations?
what was the name of wilsons girlfriend on tool time?
AP U.S. History- Why did Greek Immigrants come to America?
You have read poetry..that simply makes your mind spin?
did the boston massacre start the american revolution?
how does social comparision influence our self-image?
Slaughterhouse Five book report ideas?
Legitimate Acting Agencies Near Me?
how to play guitar power chords with only three fingers?
dance tricks?? for my recital dance?
This raja conquered weak kingdoms left by alexander the great ?
laws passed by congress during reconstruction?
who was the first polish mishonary?
Death of a Salesman essay topic?
Great Gatsby Essay Topic?
Middle & Surname Names! Please Help?
Is there a word to describe 50s science fiction?
Things everyone desires?
what did america gain in the rreaty of paris?
Historical Connection of the American Revolution?
So I can make my own coat of arms?
Question About Fantasy Stories?
what is the value of my viola.?
What are some good topics for stories?
characteristics in election of 1860?
Is the word Impel considered Pathos. Logos, or Ethos?
caused decline of whig party?
If I made a philosophical breakthrough, where could I submit my knowledge?
any one know where i can get 2mm 9b lead refill?
Would you continue reading this (something I wrote)?
Can someone retire their nobility title in Vctorian era?
Help with my book, please?
Philosophy Neutered: How come I can't see you, where you hiding?
Was there a time when the current North Korean territory was part of China in history?
does this sound okay?
really, really, bad stage fright when i sing?
what is liberty of conscious?
where can you go to print things on your own paper?
need help thinking of sword names?
Free online books for making stuffed animals?
How much does a DNA test cost!!!!?
Which 2 North or South American countries had the greatest response to the Holocaust?
HDR / Kodak z990 edit question?
If J.R.R. Tolkien made a sci-fi universe, what do you think it would be like?
How good were the warriors/soldiers from the Macedonian empire?
What was little rock nine about and how did it start?
How to end a dystopian/apocalyptic story?
Which of these ideas would you prefer to read?
The Hunger Games vs The Maze Runner!?
The 70-200 f/ 2.8 Tamron or Sigma?
WIll this help me become a singer?
reasons for the formation of the new england confederation?
What was Fredrick Jackson Turner's Thesis? Simplified into understandable words? Haha Thanks!?
What is the Goldsmith surname coat of arms?
What were all of Macbeths hallucinations/visions?
how can i dellete my face book account?
what was the effect of hudson exploring the north american coast?
hotel california settings ?
What page does chapter 10 start on the Catcher in the rye?
Where is the glue that holds all of reality together?
What person (from our present time) has played an important role(or has made a difference)in other revolution?
how can a male with a deep, monotone voice do an impression of a female's voice?
What does this quote mean from the book Tale of Two Cities?!?
200-400 pg biography on John F Kennedy? Can you recommend one?
Do you think the reluctant hero and repeated call to action is a good plot device?
What's the best passage from The Tempest to do a close reading on?
What was the agreement the USA made to end their involvement in Vietnam?
Will this help me become a singer?
how has pi's father influenced him in his life in the novel life of pi?
is this a good theme intro for animal farm?
Caught red-handed ... and set free?
What are famous facts about the popular wars?
What are some good modern/suspense novels?
How did enlightenment effect the move towards rebellion?
A good book to learn computer hardware?
Help with making fine art prints?
How do I Invert the axises on my Huion h610 pro drawing tablet?
How do I publish a scientific research paper?
How did American attitudes towards woman and minorities that were greatly transformed through experience and l?
Inkscape - Is there way to align my drawing in the canvas?
Where did the stereotypes of Step Mothers originate from?
Do dreams mean something? - - - - -?
Electronic keyboard won't play E's and B flats?
Graphic Animating Questions.?
What are the similarities and differences between Louis XIV and Napoleon?
What was the White Paper Declaration?
What are my chances of getting into these 15 following drama/acting schools?
help! im looking for a monologue I saw last year! anyone recognise?
Life cycle of stars question?
What are some important historical events in Italy, during the early 1900's?
Put these events in chronological order?
To kill a mockingbird and twelfth night?
Does Bellatrix and Voldemort having a daughter interest anybody?
When did Christmas first get celebrated as the holiday we know and love in today's world?
can anyone help me chose 4 objects that represent macbeth in the play?
what 3d shapes has 5 faces and 5 vertices?
Have you heard of this quote? do you have any like this you can share?
In To Kill A Mockingbird what does Bob Ewell do to displease the judge?
Can I draw from copyrighted photos? HELP?
Dance ideas that tell a story?
Philosophical futuristic scenario! Opinions?
When in history did Christmas Carols first get sung?
Modern World History Essay's?
Why did the cold war occur?
Room design advice please?
I need an expert on Canadian history (Saint Lawrence River area)?
Sorry if this is a stupid question but what exactly is philosophy?
How to get featured on Paigeeworld?
Is it true that fewer people die during December then other times of the year?
Where does the fear of Love originate from usually do you think?
Good last names for my book characters?
What is success.................?
Oil painting artist from the 18th century?
poll what is the last thing to flex your Creative muscle?
what is purpose of life without happiness?
who was the leader of the first suffrage meeting?
what are songs you would say are in the \style\ of les mis?
im writing a book in my notebook i need helpon how to edit and publish i really wanna publish this book but?
Favourite Contemporary Artist?
how did electricity helped spurn the economic boom of the 1920s?
Ok im writing a story about demons fiction Someone tell me the powers demons and have and diffferent kind of d?
How to conclude that one theory is better than another?
Looking for a good romance book?
The Republic by Plato book IIV (7) The Alegory of the Cave meaning? 10 Points.?
i need ideas please...?
why is playing god wrong?
what did da vinci do that affected and still affects the people?
What happens after LOTR Return Of The King? (Book)?
Do you think this is a good example of panning?
How does rosa parks display dignity in the encounter on the bus?
how is indentured servitude different from 17th century slavery?
If you get out of bed on the right side, are you more likely to have a good day?
What does 35mm focal length mean in dslrs?
Does any one know the artist of this painting?
What makes some people devoid of being able to show affection or?
how tall do u think this person is? he is really skinny and i need to find out his height?
Multiple personalities. Is it possible to help these people?
Summary for \The Devil Wears Prada\ novel?
Is rachmaninoff prelude no 5. A level 6 nyssma piece?
is mont caardas a level 6 nyssma piece for violin?
does this person look indian?
4 line imagist poem help?
What are your thoughts on this poem I wrote? Is it good? Can you relate/agree with it? Any suggestions?
Ideas for book titles?
What kind of music would Charlemagne have listened to?
Was the hunger games a book first, before it became a movie?
What are books that became movies?
Philosophically speaking: What is beautiful to you?
In 1905 why was preservationism a problem?
Does life get better as you age?
Book help! I need your opinion!!!?
did joseph stalin feel remorse for his actions?
How can i be the best dancer on my team?
starting at a new dance school help..?
What do humans most desire in life?
Why does our generation use so much auto-tune in music?
What was it like for blacks in the north in the late 1800s?
the hobbit or treasure island?
Romeo and Juliet essey on power?
How do I become better at playing the flute?
AMERICAN PRESIDENTS?? Who was this President?
How should this story start?
How does basketball connect to major events in US history?
How does this first part of the story sound?
Can you paint salt dough with water colors?
I'm having problems installing brush textures in SAI?
What were the problems of Germany from 1918-1924?!?
Why do humans fear death?
How to be a better writer?
What makes one a Philosopher?..and are there good and bad Philosophers?
Where to get really cheap mannequins?
when an audition says to prepare a song, does that mean bring sheet music?
What happens during a photography seminar?
My inner girl? Anyone?
Why did the Japanese feed POWs mostly rice only?
Does anyone know what this is?
I need MLP.FiM OC ideas!?
Confusion about 19th century child labour?
What does it sound like the origin of this last name is?
How in the world were the Egyptian Pyramids built and what was their PURPOSE?
Why would someone fear... or dislike.... this question? (in added details)?
Is Philosophy Androcentric? I read the book by Iddo Landau. I loved it. Prior to?
Technically a haiku, practically a political statement: Will you please cc?
Do better quality cameras give you a more realistic image of yourself?
Have you found your inner strength?
Can i become a professional dancer?
How large can you enlarge 120 and 35mm film without loss of quality?
what did the fair collections practises act of 1978 do ?
Any poem generators that you input what it says kinda?
Why do people have such bad taste in short story writers?
Short stories with morals?
I really need help with this fanfiction!?
I got into an argument and I don't know what to do?
Comedic play monologue?
please help me DESCRIBE this man?
What contributions did the people of Mesopotamia make to effect our civilization?
any classes for male pole dancing?
Whats better to have everything and value nothing or to value what you have and be content?
is it better to read the book first or movie?
How do I be better in gymnastics?
Do you like this excerpt from my teen novel?
What is being conceited exactly?
How is it that Ancient Egypt abruptly came about?
Is a college degree necessary if I want to go into landscape photography?
What challenges did Columbus face?
shakespeare sonnet 28 explanation?
If we have control over our thoughts, feelings, actions, etc why do humans do this then?
Who does spencer end up with?
online websites where you can put a picture over a picture and see how they look mixed (also change the capaci?
Ancient Egyptian names?
Queer Dystopian Scifi?
what does the last name Salanetta mean?
photographers! do you take your camera with you everywhere?
What book/s would you recommend for a person that isn't into reading that much?
What does it mean that we are not separate from god?
Whats a good way of learning guitar by ear?
What sorts of landscapes did L S Lowry paint?
Do Catherine and Heathcliff end up together in the end?
How did they catch criminals in the 18th century?
What was un-sucessful abot the 'Freedom Rides' in America 1960s?
how sucessful were the 'Freedom Rides' in America 1960s?
Can I use GIMP with the Wacom Bamboo Tablet?
whats this book title?
Are rhetorical questions okay in fiction writing?
Can under 18's participate in historical re-enactments UK?
The kogui native american tribe where did they originate from?
How long is a piece of string?
The Enlightenment in History?
Where can I buy inexpensive guitars?
im choreographing a piece for my as dance and i need music that is 2-3 min long instrumental with a climax?
How can I become a good actor?
What was Washington's defense/foreign affairs plans?
Creative writing ideas?
I need help with improv?
where can i find non copyrighted free pics?
What truly is important and should it all be about us?
what words discribe the statue of liberty?
why am i such a freaggin dincus?
Please describe this young woman's appearance 10 points for the best description?
good monologue for audition?
How would you try to convince me that unethical experimentation is right?
Any good artists that can help draw for me; any websites or any of you guys?
Cheap violin for art project?
What did people believe before Newton's Gravity?
Can anybody help me out with this painting issue.?
cool ways to make flowers...?
Which countries formed a coalition against France after the execution of Louis XVI?
Why was Germany justified in trying to expand in World War 2?
why do people like games of thrones and lord of the rings books so much.?
Is monti csardas a level 6 nyssma piece for violin?
Would you submit on my Tumblr?
what is the name of this coaster http://postimg.org/image/g8qnorbj7/?
A romantic weekend What do you think?
How to do sweep picking on the guitar?
which motion picture has grossed the most money in history?
Good pilates videos on YouTube for ballet?
What did the Gestapo do during 1933-1941?
What makes life wasted?
If you write a book in a futuristic country, is it important to study all the customs of the current country?
what was hitlers problem?
thoughts on this guitar? does it have nylon or steel strings?
What does the 1st print of the first Percy Jackson book look like?
Photography/ what can I improve on?
Mice and Men book review Help?
why is it that during the cold war the united states was always said to have had a larger nuclear?
Why is everyone saying that UK won the WW2?
what is the best caption/quote for this picture ? EASY 10 POINTS?
Is there any source that the Soviets had a limited navy before WWII and in 1945?
Photographers out there ?
Does science really exist?
What are cool books/series for teenagers?
I cant talk infront of thegirl i like and when im in a room with a lot of people.What should i do?Why am i shy?
what is the title of this Yuri Tremler painting?
Good anime Mary Sue fanfiction?
Why did Ender command the fleet and not Rackham?
How do get good at drawing ?
Why are people often only generous at Christmas?
What are some villains for a vampire pirate?
Did the Anasazi Indians have enemies?
story about oak island and treasure?
how many pages you think wise for $2.99 ebook?
I'm doing dance and I really wanna impress my teacher help!?
Is it correct to say that the Democratic party and the Republican party switched places over the years?
How did Napoleon gain power in France? Why is he so well known in history?
Zombie story help please?
Really good teenage dystopian fiction book?
Mystical / Enchanted Girl Names?
Can someone help me write a good poem either about love or poverty?
how does the setting of Oedipus Rex impact its plot?
what impact did marilyn monroe have on american government?
In what ways did japan isolate itself from the rest of the world?
what do i name a talking frog with three rows of teeth?
not sure what to do with a minor character?
Audition songs for Oliver?
First time publishing help?
How is the American Revolution taught in British schools?
How did the Lend-Lease Act and Atlantic Charter illustrate that the US was not really neutral in 1941?
where would you propose these two character meet again?
What do you think of the \Golden Mean\?
how is rebellion a theme in the novel Insurgent?
What impact did the Homesteaders settling on the Great Plains have on the evolution of the United States?
what is a good dance school in crawley?
Help writing poems for school?
Does anyone have easy-understand information on ww1?
What is this source telling you about life during the First World War?
A good book on the British conquest of India?
A good book on the British conquest of India?
Fantasy Fans, which is better: George R.R. Martins ASoIaF or J.R.R Tolkien's LOTR?
J.R.R. Tolkien fans: What order should I read the following books? The Silmarillion, The Hobbit, LOTR?
A name for an fantasy empire?
How does the Indian Act recognize the Aboriginal peoples of Canada?
What caste is surname darvesh belong ,punjabi brahmin,khatri,Sikh or backward class?
Why did the U.S. ally with Australia during WW2?
What's a computer program used for stop motion where you can see a transparency of your previous photo?
What ethical position do you think is right, absolutism or relativism?
What would Kinh Henry VIII be to the new Royal Baby George?
Does anyone know about art by Roger Vilar? I just found a signed and numbered print of his titled Times Square?
Do you know the strategies to write a book report ?
What was so devastating about Jewish victims experiences in the nazi death camps?
Is this a good name for a secret agency?
what would be the best and quickest methods for my villains to remove the king from his throne?
Who was the primary leader of the Reign of Terror during the French Revolution?
I need really Unique first and last names, for a both boys and girls for my novel.?
what treaties were established after confederation?
What would the world look like if famous people were still living?
Is there a way to rent ebooks, and who has a large library?
Why some people like capturing their pictures whole time?
What Young Adult Books are good?
how to sendto kindle?
How serious was the opposition of youth to the regime?
can someone help me find an anime moviie?
Is Psychology applied Philosophy?
Ancient Greek Armor - how do you call that thing down there?
How do you create a portfolio in this day and age.. on line and in the real world?
People who read supernatural teen romance stories?
My poem, what do you think about it?
I can sing and im 13/14. I would like to join a korean company, but i got my gcse coming up. What should I do?
What's the name of this girl?
is this beginning okay for this story idea?
So yesterday you discovered the Theory of Everything, and today when you wake up you do…what?
Nikon vs Canon: does either have the edge?
What do you think Faulkner was saying in \As I Lay Dying\?
Is Huckleberry Finn a trash or treasure?
How to make blurry photos sharper online?
what are your ambitions for the future?
Is it bad that i talk to myself alot?
British public views/opinions on ww1 at the time?
What objects shall I decorate with watercolour paints?
(a^2b^5)^1/2 (a^-4b)^-1/2?
How to name my character?
Will 3D printing take 1000's of jobs in the near future?
a good book for a man to read?
Cover for a leather bound bible?
Tell me about Malcom X's speech the ballot or the bullet?
Which of the following was NOT a big influence on exploration and colonization?
Is Part II of \Blank Cartridge\ [Last Words] too long a prose, C.C. is appreciated, even perusal?
i need to create a unique title for one of my characters?
what literary divices are used in wuthering heights the book ? explain.?
If the color black is assosciated with negative things like evil, death BLACK magic, then why are we called ra?
my art project theme is disguise?
Can you make a band out of a Piano, Guitar, Flute, Trombone, Violin?
NEED HELP ASAP ON A HORROR STORY PLEASE!!??!!?
Are prosopography and namierism the same thing?
Has anyone got any ideas for a musical?
What is your opinion of raising the drinking age to 21?
can i use porcelain paints on ceramic pcs?
Who founded America? The pilgrims?
Opening of my thriller book?
anyone have paganini devil's dance?
I don't know what to read?
What is this book? Boy at boarding school meets boy living in hut on beach?
Where did the monster say he and his \bride\ would flee to, and why?
analysis of The Tell Tale Heart?
Is reason absolute? How do we identify reason?
Why were Confederate forces able to defeat the larger Union armies that invaded Virginia?
Who went to his grave believing he had discovered a westward passage to asia , when olny discovered americas?
Shakespeare monologues??
Book Recommendations!?
NEED HELP ON A HORROR STORY PLEASE??!!!?
is disney channel acting up on samsung cast hub?
Sometimes a scream is better than a thesis?
why do they draw this on the feet?
New songs to cover by popular musicians?
Poetry lovers help :)?
how did nationalism within the ottoman empire come into play during world war 1?
Can anyone give me a few of Giorgio Morandi's paintings?
Wath is your opinion about the Author of the \Hunger Games\ novel? (Suzanne Collins)?
What are the stuff needed to make a good musc video??(10 points)?
How did the Numbered Treaties affect First nations?
What are some services that traveled from one civilization to another on the silk road?
Write a short note on indian culture?
Which of these best tells why the US entered WWI?
How would you suggest i start this story idea?
world history Help!!!?
What is the meaning of our lives?
What's a good title for a story about love?
What specific type of camera and photo processing you think they've use to make this photo ?
Story where someone received a bad gift?
I can't draw hands!?(manga/anime hands)?
Can someone link me to the official disney channel auditions page?
Can you explain the meaning of this poem and why the lines are mostly in shortfall of pentameter?
Is sketchbook paper okay for watercolors?
I have tendonitis in both my wrists and am a musician, will a 3/4 sized guitar help?
how did the Chernobyl disaster affect the farmers and sheeps of wales?
how did the advancements during the middle ages influence european cilvilization?
Baroque art paper topics?
American Civil War Question?
Books like the Hunger games and the Maze runner? Some other questions about them? Best answer gets picked :)?
I HAVE A SINCE PROJECT TO DO, BUT I DON'T KNOW WHAT DO ANY IDEA?
“Don’t sweat the small stuff”. If people bring significance to the ‘small stuff’ do they blind?
HELP i need advice from everyone read question the more opinions the better?
Help me and critique my poem.?
What are some famous paintings and artists or authors of the 1970's?
What do you think this character's personality might be like, backstory, goals, etc?
What are some good websites where I can learn how to draw ?
How is this story relevant to this title?
how take a photo like this ???
whats a good title for a atory about the rise of an evil queen?
what is a good title for my story book?
where can I find free will templates?
I'm in class 9 & there is farewell party for matric class i want to do something good like to a script?
I'm in class 9 & there is farewell party for matric class i want to do something good like to a script?
Is the sculptor an adverb phrase?
What was the cinema ident that showed a branding iron stamping the screen?
what are the mysterious elements in The Tell-Tale Heart story?
What can I do to sit less in front of computer?
How to improve lighting in photographs?
Help Understanding Shakespeare Monologue - As you like it, Act 3 Scene 5?
facts and reason for the truman doctrine?
can you please tell me about the greek godess kallone?
Importance of indian classical dances in the present society?
What's the most exciting way to open a story?
What is your opinion of these lyrics?
What is this dance move called?
Is this a good thesis statement for the novel The Things They Carried?
Why was George Washington an uncivilized jerk?
how to get free books on amazon.in?
What is the difference between these two election reforms: initiative and referendum?
what forms of local government emerged in galveston and dayton after natural disasters?
Why do Americans think that the USA gained independence on July 4th, 1776?
The American Revolution was radical in its time for its desire to?
The perks of being a wallflower and the mortal instruments for how olds?
How does Scout change throughout the novel (To Kill a Mockingbird)?
can office supply transparencies be used as \shrinky dinks?\?
im a bit stuck with a description in my novel can any one help?
Can you provide a title and a CC?
What is a fairy tale that goes with \What Is Love?\?
is this story idea okay?
Mechanical pencil for hard writers?
Can you send two different manuscripts to a literary agent at a time?
Importance of the opening line in a first draft?
Picking a monologue 2-3 mins long for a girl in her twenties?
Can anyone help me name every rabbit in Watership Down?
What movie/s or book/s have changed your life?
picking a monologue 2-3 mins long for a girl in her twenties?
What's better to use when writing a book, \we\or \you\?
where did the last name hardges originate?
how to advise a group of actors I am in charge?
does anyone know about semi-famous potters? (ceramics)?
How hard is it to make in the Graphic Novel business?
How hard is it to make in the Graphic Novel business?
What were the effect of civil disobedience movement?
Batman, Superman, Wonder Woman and Spiderman... what years were each created?
Heyyy guys. i want toread some good books on wattpad. can u suggestsome?
Do you read fictional hanging tales online?
Are there any artist's that look at movement?
What does \ICE DIZ CRACKA\ mean?
what to call somebody that lives underground?
How am I rude for being a natural introverted quiet person?
What is a moral question that might create difficulty to accept a relativists answer? What is the moral issue?
What chapter does Atticus go to tom robinsons house in to kill a mockingbird?
how to start a story that's based on ancient Greece?
is it true or right that slavery is justified as the way Aristotle did and if not then what are the reasons?
Young aspiring author looking for feedback?
all the surface are frictionless and the system is release from the rest . find the distance moved by the tran?
Will sasusaku happen ?
How was containment being used in the Berlin Airlift?
Does anyone know where i can sell linoprints online in the uk?
Can you artists help a fellow artist with some character designs?
Why is euthanasia (excuse spelling) acceptable when it comes to animals but not for humans?
Is there a person who came from uneducated parents and then went to college and excelled at their field.?
What are some good arguments against Determinism?
best site to sell photography for profit?
which year did mahatma gandhi join indian national congress?
GOOD book recomendations for older teenagers/young adults?
Is the paragraph line spacing for a professional novel 1.5 lines or double space?
What is the appeal of 3D printing?
Long essay about computer will replace the book?
I want to be an actress, where do I start?
Are there elements of feudalism in Shakespeares macbeth.?
How much of a difference would we see if we cared with our hearts instead of our minds?
Would the answer to everything, drive one insane?
what picture light should i buy?
Are there elements of feudalism in Shakespeares macbeth.?
should i read moonwalk by michael jackson for a school project ?
HELP ME PLS ITS URGENT!!!!?
Do you believe what comes straight from the horses mouth or do you take what other's tell you as gospel?
What do you guys think about my story?
What are some qualities you expect a powerful Dragon to have?
example of descriptive paragraph?
What's the best way to get stories noticed on Wattpad?
Opinions on this drawing?
Who would you ask forgiveness from, if you just haven't been careful?
Can i use sharpie marker for making positives for screen printing?
Easy stretches for the front splits?
At the end of the day; when you are dead and gone?
Fine arts collages in GOA india?
Poetry Analysis Help Needed!!?
Do poems have to rhyme?
I wanna become a mute?
Was Missouri a Confederate state until the end of the Civil War?
Are there any really cool famous people who started out losers?
How did Aristotle organize the natural world?
Can anyone give me a quote from the book \One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest\?
How did Aristotle organize the natural world?
What movie/s or book/s have changed your life?
How to fit things into my schedule?
where do I download fall of five by pittacus lore?
Impact on American art? Mark Rothko? Please help?!?
Does the big bang theory support the existance of god?
middle classes and working classes please give me information?
can you Explain the Difference between modern art and Historical Art ?
How do I open a reference image to paint from that is separate from the canvas in Adobe Photoshop CS6?
Is Stephen King more of a horror writer or a fantasy writer?
When would you say a person is dumb?
How to portray and sing like enjolras?i got the role i got a large voice how do i control it?
What's the oldest Library in Baltimore?
What are you missing in life atm?
what do these words mean?
how did the classics influenced our history today?
Why do people think that American generals are better than british?
i want to knw about waswsa?
how can i remove white paint from a north face coat,i dont now what kind of paint is it.?
Forty-five years ago in January, Czech history student Jan Palach made the ultimate sacrifice to protest again?
where can i find some work?
Names given to evil places?
What books do you recommend reading to learn film making?
How do you describe a guy in a story ?
How do I keep long descriptions interesting?
Is it a mans voice or a girls voice at 3.48? what is that singing note.Can every girl sing like that?
Can someone please explain this poem to me?
Birthday present for a student taking arts in college ?
Life is actually a waste.. What do you think on it?
what is something that is still unfulfilled that your parents wish you doing it someday?
How to stop nightfall ?
Name for Sci-Fi novel?
Why do i feel everyone around me is constantly conspiring my death?
When the next book in name of wind series be released?
What city does Claude Monet like to paint?
What's going to happen to my mom when I'm dead?
Why do you think so many teens are self harming & unable to cope?
Who is the silent observer?
Hey guys I have to write a story for 12th grade Lit class, I just need a some help on a character?
Performing in a nude ballet and worried about becoming aroused?
What is a good drawing tablet for an \artist\?
What do you think about my photo&?
How can I get a agent?
Was the Iraq war a continuation of the Gulf War and unrelated to the \War on Terror\ ?
who were better in the indian national movement? extremists or moderates?
how to stop hesitation in acting ,while doing loving scenes.?
What do you think about \fat acceptance\?
im looking for a great WW2 intense immersive fiction aviation book preferably on the eastarn front?
How do you make these kinds of pictures ?
Is there any book service where I can add my books(epub) and sync them with mobile device?
Is this a good short film idea ?
Guys help its urgent !!?
What could be reason people think I don't believe in myself?
How to clean a spot on a text book?
How do i get my mlp oc drawn?
What type of foam is that called ?
Sixth sense or law of attraction?
Do I have a light, medium, or deep voice?
If it's true, then this would be the case, right?
How can I live my dream?
what is the best musical song for a alto female solo?
Please, could I get an opinion on my writing?
feel sometimes life too short?
Does this make sense? How can I make it better?
I am looking for a monologue for an acting audition. I am 14. I like to do a sad role. Please help me.?
how history is product of society?
When I die, will I retain my sense of self?
Why was I born into such a poor horrid life?
whom did the greeks consider ancient peoples of the world?
Short Poem for your C/C thanks?
Words to describe blonde hair?
Why would someone not like you because you are quiet?
I can't remember the name of this book?!?
How to get started professionally acting?
Do you ever watch a ballet DVD to relax, when you just want to calm your mind?
Doing things now or later?
Are humans capable of unconditional love?
Will you c/c this rewrite from 2010?
Write a short note on Food insecurity?
Did the Laeuge of Nations give Hitler Belgium so that he'll go away?
I want buy glasses but i have no idea how to chose? How about Apollo optical lens .?
I need help with a story im writing?
is balllistic made by otter box?
Was i wrong for saying this?
If I end up living under a bridge should I memorize these lyrics?
Specific examples of how french revolution impacted social & political structure?
Why did tribal people became rivals in the forest area?
I want to become a successful actor, where/how do I get my foot in the door?
What are the books written by Mikhail Naimy?
Artists what do you like drawing the most?
How to make a 3D heart out of matches?
I'm thinking of asking a girl to a dance?
Names For A Male Protagonist In Y.A?
How do you get a book published?
Why is life so unfair?
Which is the most beautiful kolam ever drawn?
what are some good electronic dance songs like...?
how did feudalism finish its course in France?
does anyone known the title of this book?
How do you transform your thoughts into things?
If I want to be a professional writer, how many books do I have to publish every year?
Ideas for Cold War Video Project?
where can i find arts ??
How can we know we didnt choose to be here?
How do you draw the sun manga-style?
How Do I Find the 4S Sense,Structure,Stanza, Sensory image of a Poem?
Did anyone have this same experience with Django Unchained?
Is majoring in english a waste?
question on my story?
why did geniuses go mad eventually? what dangerous knowledge they possessed?
why do I still have for the racist/sexist who ruined my reputation and life?
Tilt and middle splits help!?
How to value yourself?
What is the name of this painting?
I want my readers to read the narrators part of the story with an English accent. How?
what's a good website to get free books for a tablet?
what do you think about this drawings ?
!DANCE! New Pointe Shoes - Ballet - help please?
What do you think of my character?
What do you think of my poem?
Anime con Cosplay help?
What kind of surnames are wheeling and Carlton/Carlson?
What all you can you do when you turn 18?
Do you date a photowork based on the date it was taken or retouched?
fantasy and/or scifi books with...?
What responsibilities did noble people have during the renaissance?
Do you think that science is absolute fact?
I want to be an actor, but?
How to I use my pictures to make something like this?
whats a good book to read?
I need advice writing my \novel\?
Do you have to force yourself to write, or do you just do it?
Underrated musicals.?
i shouldn't apologize for wanting a better life for myself?
homefront during world war two?
In the late 90s in Portland, what was a big drug store (local in the suburbs in America?) Please answer me?
Can anyone help me please?
what was homefront like after world war 2?
Why is The Holocaust the only genocide focused on?
How would the world be if everything was isolation?
c/c this (transcendental) poem pls?
I need help with a story I'm writing?
How to find outif the compony is not aspasm?
what were the 1990s like as a teen?
Good movies to turn into plays?
What are some good titles for a pirate young adult romance novel series?
did the united states follow the advice washi gton gave on nuetraity & farewell adress?
What is a good song to choreograph to?
constructive criticism is welcomed and encouraged?
If a conclusion is logical in nature, does that mandate that the conclusion be true?
Why are most of people afraid of death though many of them don't have happy life?
How to flesh out a story idea?
How would I do all of this? (because I need to do all of this)?
what was it like before, during, and after world war two?
how to draw something good when i havent draw for a long time?
Is not Time simply a human imaginary measurement of the Distance that results from Motion?
what was Constantine's major disagreements with the people of Rome?
Has anyone really been far even as decided to use even go want to do look more like?
how did the ancient chinese spinning wheel work ?
are thea's likable characters or lovable or not yet there?
Which U.S possession or protectorate is located on the North American continent?
What is this Gandhi Reference Mean?
I'm auditioning for The Voice on Saturday and I have no idea what to sing! Any suggestions?
I can't remember the name of this book...?
What did India have that Victorian England didn't?
1+1 ALWAYS =2. Coincidence or conspiracy?
What's your favorite play/musical?
how was iron used before the industrial revolution?
How did miller change mary in the Crucibles? help ASAP?
What's a very good camera to get for classes?
philosophy: I am a conscious perspective. Than what is my identity?
Can't fully relax, even when having a good day?
What are some names for a short story?
What is dehumanization teaching us?
What is it that prevents everyone from being this way?
How to write a fairytale.?
Is Crossbones a good title for a pirate young adult romance/adventure story?
Why did US lie to us about Kenneth bae incarnation?
How does one learn to draw?(Computer/paper)?
How is a good way to start an Acting career?
How should my characters meet?
The Great Gastby cover?
what kind of photo editor is used for this?
what are some different dance styles to impress girlfriend?
Appropriate \adult\ books for teens?
After the Dred Scott case was decided, Stephen Douglas did which of the following?
What is a good name for a time travel story?
how to play an audio book seamlessly?
Should I try out for school play?
What is the number of famines in history?
Can anyone helps me make this poem longer?
Am I wrong for thinking this?
Is this a good idea for a book?
APUSH what were the major characteristics of the urban culture that developed in the late 19th century?
What was slavery like during the 1800s?
Are all aware of my intellectual disability? (Philosophy section)?
A good title for this story?
Why did Calvin Coolidge serve from 1923 to 1929? ( read description)?
how old are the Korean and Japanese civilizations?
Any one feels that Books &Authors section should be sub-categorized for more clarity?
Is Animating Visual Arts?
how to persuade my brother?harry potter related?
Why the Great Chief Sitting Bull has this name?
what events did Thomas Paine's writing help trigger?
4 pics 1 word struggling ! help asap?
who said \God is one and the devil is zero\ ?
Would you miss your past if your future offered the freedom you deserve?
How did Spain turn from a \nation\ to a \nation-state\?
Is it weird that Buffy Summers is my hero?
How can you become a professional dancer or choreographer if you don't go to a school?
How do people miss someone who kept them a prisoner in a peaceful jail?
Will I ever get a book out of this?
Game of Thrones--books/tv show?
Four historical events that back up loyalists in the american revolution?
trace the reasons the peasants and commoners sought revolution by the summer of 1789?
Is this a good book idea?
Does not seeing things black and white make me a bad person?
Is it hard to photograph the Milky Way?
the book 1984 said this?
Will I make it to be a successful actress?
Questions about New York Film Academy? (please answer)?
How do I delete my free trial of Ancestry.com?
who here have no fear and can stand up and fight anyone?
Lincoln met Douglas in a public?
How to catch up on a book series?
Please, recommend a book: a very disturbing and psychotic one, with depth and depressing effect on the reader?
Brief summary of the xyz affair? also the outcome and impact?
How can I make a giant popsicle stick?
Describe how the US reacted to the persecution of European Jews before World War II began?
My friend and I have an idea for a book. Please read the description and tell me what you think. Thanks!?
10 points: How do I play guitar fast?
what were some of the differences among the methods that various anti-slavery groups proposed?
Can glass scratches create cracks of any sort?
What do you think of the character names for my story?
What was the significance of Glenn Curtiss and Charles Lindbergh?
What do you think this character's personality might be like, backstory, goals, etc?
This is to kids 20 or younger. Im curious what you think about history before you were born (read)?
In the book \The Outsiders\ Johnny says that he admires the Southern gentlemen in the book.?
What are some suggestions for trying Shakespeare (related to R&J) in a mock court case?
Need History help please?
Paint needed for watercolor class?
Opinion of Joffrey Jazz Summer Intensive? Is it hard to get into?
Was there any truth to this: 1914, Britian needs help with World War 1 so a annex treaty is formed to?
Name for a mermaid character?
Should I ask him to the dance?
How could FDR justify the rationing of gasoline to the American public in 1942 ?
hi im trying to write a story but i cant think of a cafe name?
is clockwork angel scary?
Forgot the name of a book a read back in high school (2007) would like to buy it and reread please help?
jesus statue maybe marble or porcelain hollow?
How many songs should we prepare for a 3 hour show?
what lead the U.S to a policy of Expansionism?
What are some stories or other inspirational sources I could reference that involve...?
need help with the catcher in the rye?
When I die, is my bone gonna be used to produce underwears?
Am I a good artist for my age?
Were the smallpox samples in Atlanta and Russia destroyed?
Can I Sell/Reprint Pictures in The Public Domain?
do you think i have a good ballet body?
Can a professional photographers please help me conduct an interview?
Old Style vs. New Style in English history?
What does this mean i need to prepare for my audition?
Is there such thing as being too open-minded?
Were the Western Habsburg and Eastern Habsburg countries allies?
Was the 1970's a 'Just Society'?
What was the northern and southern perspective of shermans march?
Have you read of mice and men?
How much Cherokee blood should I have? ?
I forgot the name of a book I read back in high school?
Online virtual bookshelf?
can someone please draw me my pokemon tattoo?
What were some failures in A Streetcar Named Desire?
how do i spell the name which sounds like this Elly-i-inga?
ASAP HELP???? ?????????????
Can someone make this picture dual monitor?
How to price a DSLR print?
what fraction of north Carolina families owned black slaves in the 1800`s?
Can I return my Asus Transformor Book t1100?
What's a good title for my book?
why are people so mean if its better to be nice?
Look at the Precambrian Era, what was the Earth like? Why did this prevent life from existing?
If you ruled over a kingdom of your own clones, what rules would you set for your selfs?
Any direct characterization of Elie in Night By Elie Wiesel?
Would a medieval king have his own army or only use his lord's armies?
Do you know the name of this book? I remember it was in the young adult section, it was about fairies?
How did the Berlin Wall effect American society?
What is a theme in a novel? And could you give me an example of a theme?
Elizabath poor law were was the charity?
Why does this happen to me all the time?
where did the family name (wintle) originate?
How can I make my oil canvas dry faster?
Why is it so important to be open-minded? What does it even mean?
Why was Pakistan a difficult nation to rule between 1947 and 1971?
what impact has colonization had on the world?
Religious architecture for the Mayans?
Why does it make you arrogant to think your opinion or your way is right?
Waht do you think of this exerpt from my book?
Title Ideas for my Horror Story?
Can someone help me with this idea please....I'm stuck....?
Ideas for walking dead fanfic? TEN POINT!!?
Antigone question (play)?
Causes of Sudanese conflict?
Who was the author of Jay's Treaty?
is it ok to use empathetic manipulation if its for a good cause?
Is aspergers the next \stage\ in human evolution?
in the book a land remembered describe the death cloud that attacks the animals and human?
Please Help with this Middle Ages Question!!?
how did the colonists gain identity?
Could you finish the story please? I think I am off to a great start....?
What are some title ideas for a pirate young adult romance/adventure story?
need a genetic disorder for character?
What does this quote mean?
Fingering patterns for keyboard scales?
Did any soldiers in the Napoleonic Wars wield axes?
Who Can Help Me With A Story Idea?
Was French Indochina Directly or Indirectly Ruled?
Why does this happen to me all the time?
Question about SAG-AFTRA/AEA?
Should I read A Song of Ice and Fire (Game of Thrones) or the Lord of the RIngs Books?
Russian painting with the girl in the dungeon, standing on a bed in a flood?
I want to know about My family tree?
Please Help with this Middle Ages History Question!?
Is it ironic WW2 stragetic bombings were so-called \war crimes\ but mass artillery strikes were not?
What is the theme in Fahrenheit 451?
Is there any way to get certified as a photographer to take pictures at pro and college sports games?
History class, please help?
How does torturing (prisoners) relate to the idea of dehumanization?
Describe British/American relations at the end of the French and Indian War?
What would be some good paper for artwork with colored pencils?
How could i buy Yaoi/hentai/doujinshi from online without my parents knowing?
What economic problems did the U.S face at the beginning of World War 2?
Costume ideas for the song \Car Wash\?
Care critiqing rhythm and sound of an absolutely contentless poem?
In Oedipus the king, what is the author saying about blindness?
Decribe how oregan territory was obtained and list the present day state please?
Describe how gadsolen purchase was obtained and list the present day state please?
what is the point in life?
Describe how the mexican cession were obtained?
why do you think Charlemange succeeded in building such a vast empire?
Describe how the texas annexation were obtained?
what is the main idea of chapter one in one crazy summer by Rita willams-garicca?
What is the moral of The Catcher in the Rye book?
can work be my sanctuary?
Questions for writers?
What effect does Juliet's love for Romeo have on the book/play as a whole (Romeo and Juliet SHakespeare)?
Who is somebody that translates books?
I need help with photography?
Writing help please!?
how did geography impact the movement of people, goods, and ideas in greece?
how would i get a book published & how likely is it?
Should I ask him to the dance?
What happens when dark night rises?
What are some poems about overcoming obstacles?
Do you know any books similar to \The Fault in Our Stars?\?
What famous Russians lived during world war one.?
Is it bad if you genuinely enjoy listening to music, watching movies/shows, and reading alone?
I need some tips on what to do!?
Some historians argue that british generals like haig were incompetent leaders?
how did european monrchs view human resources within their empires?
Can You Make A Book Cover For Me?
Would this make a good shared-universe urban fantasy setting?
history,after WORLD WAR 2?
make 2D photo look 3D?
How to put date on pictures on Cannon HV20?
Would it be weird if i asked him to my school dance?
Book recommendations, please?
History People Over Here!!!?
What historical period had the most beautiful and vibrant culture?
For who have felt the need... Do you think you are able to control your instincts?
Did slaves wear underwear?
What font is this??!?
What is a crazy hypothesis about the origin of life?
what is the point in anything if we are just going to die?
How can I get noticed with my writing?
What's a cool name for a made-up city?
Where can i get Hunger of Memory for free?
In what format should I print my pictures?
Does Jeff Koons makes own art?
How do I make a career out of dance?
I love art, but there aren't much programs to go to. What should I do?
is this piece of my story any good??
I need a new guitar? easy 10 points?
What is the Best Way to get a Novel Published?
Does anyone know a good free online website to sell photos?
If the atmosphere affects my motivation, does that mean I'm an introvert or extrovert?
when Mme. Forestier reveals that the necklace was fake, the reader feels the force or irony- the sense that so?
Should i continue with the musical even if i never seem to get a role in it?
Is there a lesson to be learned for Alans parents ? In the play EQUUS?
Shakespeare's King Lear Question!?
looking for my cousin Norman Brannigan from Omagh co Tyrone?
Are there any mysteries that aren't about murder?
Should i continue with the musical even if i never seem to get a role in it?
How to transfer RAW photos to computer?
Do you know this book?
Sadies superhero themed dance?
Color that rhymes with shade?
What is the best guitar effect pedal for black metal?
things no one can expect/predict?
Books about teenage love?
I have noticed the surname Rosman appears frequently..... would there be a connection to St. Gluvias, England?
How is Bigger the byproduct of his society? What made him make the choices he made and did he have choice?
i need help with a theme name!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!?
What did Frankenstein critique?
What do you think of this story?
How to strengthen my hips and ankles for dance?
What are some good quotes for instagram?
How would humans best be suited for love in the modern world?
Books from a dragon's perspective (or at least as benevolent)?
what's better for an alto saxophone mute, a brass or rubber mute?
what's better for an alto saxophone mute, a brass or rubber mute?
How Many Hobbit Book's Are There?
Why didn't Richard Parker look back?
Who are your top ten science fiction authors?
What prevented Cornwallis from receiving supplies or reinforcements??
Best Wattpad stories?
The immediate case of the Mexican War was?
can yall give me songs related to my situation i wanna send it to my ex-bestfrand?
Opinion on a story I'm writing?
Substitute for sprots bra and dance?!?
Lining paper bubbled after painting?
Introducing a new, major POV character mid-series?
What’s the point of view OF Pride and Prejud? Who is the narrator? Does the P.O.V. change our story at all?
Are there any contemporary authors that compare to Alexandre Dumas and Jane Austen?
In detail, examine the reasons behind and the facts surrounding the Black Codes?
How do I arrange Fliker Setas by date TAKEN?
What are those glass blocks called that have computerized pictures lasered into them?
Why am I not loved by anyone in my life?
How do you get published?
Who is the scapegoat of this century ?
coming of age story ideas/topics?
Which book? Looking For Alaska, Thirteen Reasons Why, or The Fault In Our Stars?
why do we need paper shredders if we can just rip paper or just throw the paperout the way it is ?
How Can I Convince My Parents to Let me be an Actress?? Please help!!!!?
How does this story sound so far? Help!?
Help me with my haiku ?:)?
Is this a good plot device to use?
how to take a good pic for picture day with a slight lazy eye?
What is a subject other than philosophy that has been influenced by metaphysics?
i have a framed reproduce signed lithograph called the swimming hole also named hey felles come on in. what i?
Old man character for story?
How do you get ideas for poems?
When did Rickman and Reedus become lovers?
Kindle charging help?
Has anyone done this in a romance book series for young adults and adults?
Is there a release date for The sequel to The Host?
Good Girl Names for a Story?
Is it wrong to laugh at mentally challenged kids?
What is the history of the income tax anyway?
What is the history of Employer's providing health insurance?
Why do people say that there's always better days ahead?
Can I claim the ancestry results from DNA tribes?
Call me stupid, but what does this number mean on my SLR lens?
What literary device is used when substituting a person's name for a pronoun?
Which is a better title for a pirate young adult romance story?
How did the structure of a Roman aqueduct contribute to its usefulness?
What to ask an art appraiser?
What kind of structure/technology was used in constructing Roman aqueducts?
Is Vail Valley Dance Intensive any good?
Best Camera Lens MM For Me?
Would you critique this piece?
Do ceramic ocarinas sound good?
I'm having trouble deciding which story idea...?
Who is the 2nd Capulet in Romeo & Juliet?
Best Camera to Give as Gift?
What do you look for in a male, or female lead?
Relic by Preston and Child???
Contemporary Dance routine songs?
I'm looking for a specific monster book...?
Is this birth story of Louis XIV true?
6 quotes from Lord of the Flies?
Can i get some views on this camera kit?
9th grade World History questions help!Please!!10pts?
Why is Lady Macbeth annoyed with her husband near the end of Act one in The Tragedy of Macbeth?
What character name should I use?
How to get better at drawing?
Is this legal? (Art copyright)?
POWS and forced labour?
I wana learn online how to use photoshop and edit photos professionally good where can i do that?
What can i do at home after compamy ballet class?
Whom do you feel more important to be happy?
How can I sink into any character?
What are 8 important scenes from the book \White Giraffe\?
What type of drawing is this?
If I notice a copyright infringement...?
I really hate how my drawings turned out:( Help how can I get better at drawing?
Can you buy harry potter book covers ?
rich southeners who did not want to change in the south were the?
What is this book called?
Question for Harry Potter fans?
Is there a website where I can make a custom t-shirt for really cheap?
Can anyone check out this twitch channel plz?
im trying to trace the family of arthur percy middleton. died in a diamond mine somewhere in Africa.?
What is it called when a writer substitutes a person's name for 'he/she/they' etc?
Decent tripod and head combination?
How is Mark Twain's writing being viewed and read today?
Any Short story ideas?
Is the starting of my story okay?
My ballet teacher told me I have sway backs, will this effect my dance?
What is your take on the Voynich Manuscript?
How did the nazi party grow 1928-32?
How does one write about an unsolved mystery?
1. George Mason was one of the most vocal critics of the Constitution and his protests are considered a major?
Does anyone know who designed this dress?
What did the Italians bring to America during the 1900s?
What were the political, economic, and social causes of the Haitian revolution?
Does the grading system work in schools?
Topic ideas to write a satire?
Looking for Kid Goku/Red Ribbon Army Drawing?
What do you think about my drawing skills (With Picture!)?
Should we treat fellow humans as ends in themselves or means to an end?
are these likable characters?
can you download library books to a kindle paperwhite2?
Russian Revolution February?
Is it better when using vintage film to use Color or B&W?
What piece of architecture is on this shirt?
What do you think of my artwork?
what do you think about \DigitalRev?\?
What do you think of my artwork (Beginner)!?
what is a \Translucent Mirror\ DSLR?
Photography help????
Were Burke and Hare the first serial killers?
Question about the war Journal of Major Damon Rocky Gause?
Teen Romance Story Ideas?
Where can I buy blank photo packets?
Franklin and Red Jacket both support and defend the Native Americans. What arguments do they make in common?
Psychopathic point of view?
Would you become immortal if you could?
I need help with History HW can you please help me ?
How do you think Latin American leaders felt about the Monroe doctrine?
Is it true Native Americans ensured Africans Slaves were maintained?
Can anyone please help me with these questions? Please!?
Going to my first acting class tomorrow?Any tips or advice?
Who are Tatars? Anything will help?
short-ish fiction and or comedy ya books?
Good Rulers to write about?
Amateur porn. Would like to get paid?
Badass sounding boy names?
can anyone help me with this question?
I want to glue a square piece of glass to an acrylic painted canvas?
This is my English exam topic, and I need help with it.?
I need help with some star wars logic for a book?
Is this a step forward in eternalising Poetry..? Please add your 2 cents!?
How would a Chinese person from the Han Dynasty have reacted to the Tang Dynasty?
I really want to get into acting but I have no experience. Please help!?
why is the Gunfight at the O.K. Corral important?
Are audio books any good?
How Close were germany to invading England?
How can I bring different personalities/layers to characters in acting?
how to publish an ebook?do i need isbn?
Does anyone know where I can read online Sheenagh Pugh's 'eva and the roofers'?
What is the mood of this Emily Dickinson poem and why?
looking for someone to help me edit my manuscript (Fantasy)?
what are some good books like fifty shades of grey?
Did any famous artist do a bird/bird related screen print?
my homework plese help me analyse christina rossetti's sonnet:i wish i could remember....?
Keep only one color in photoshop and the rest blank?
Is this a good first chapter to my novel?
I want to audition for Beauty and the Beast, but I don't know what part I should audition for?
Should I read my secret garden?
Anyone know of any help for.........?
will taking gcse art help a career in psycolagy?
Any good books that deal with the transience of friendship?
Foot excercises to increase your pointe?
Nikon 35mm any good for family portraits?
How to make your knees more hyperextened?
Did George Washington have a time capsule buried into the cornerstone of the original Captial Building?
Apart from the obvious, what are the differences between serious acting and comedy acting?
Hello, can anybody tell me where I can download e-books??
Getting confused to select career between architecture or designing.?
Are Want and Ignorance in the unabridged \The Christmas Carol\?
What styles do you like more when writing?
Is Hitler's suicide a proven fact?
Suggest a name for my social networking website?
Why is it wrong to care more about technology than people?
What are the numbers on Victorian maps?
How to get over a creative block?
Does anyone have any writing prompts?
wheree to buy clear window cling?
Is the story of romeo and juliet based on real life?
How was propaganda use during the World Wars?
If you know you aren't going to succeed in life, should you still try and give everything your best shot?
why suffering even after good deeds?
Which section of the nation was economically dominant after the civil war?
How does tricking Gollum make Bilbo less of a hero?
How did the 'Royal Oak' battleship sink during World War Two? Explain how it was sunk?
What were important innovations during the renaissance?
What symbol (animal,color, etch) could I use for manipulative? for sneaky? & for cruel?
How to describe a kiss on the neck?
Why do artist face artist 's blocks ?
Is theatre arts a good financial career?
Is it bad not wanting to draw realistic proportions?
What type of paint/pen makes this look?
SAB Auditions in NYC?
Is it a crime have to failure in life?
Help with art project????? Please?
I have many problem. This is all real. This is my life. Pls help. I will end my life.?
What is the difference between Mahatma Gandhi and Bhagat Singh?
is the 6th book of games of thrones out yet?
Who would win in a fist fight: Gandhi or Socrates?
Can I improve this....?
B&A: Opinions on this excerpt please?
Philosophy: When it is snowing, which awakens feelings in you?
What Hogwarts House would you be in?
The Circuit (book) qestions?
Are this many kids really taking art? or is it just this place?
I Like Drawing But Im Bad Am I The Worse Drawer In The World?
Writers: what methods do you use to outline your story/plot?
Who said this quote: \We cannot choose what we are; yet what are we but the sum of our choices\?
How to get people for club?
Need feedback for rap/poem!!?
Are there any people who write books, but not in their first language?
I am he the Mudassar Khan the Pakistani thinker, but who are u? and why do u come to me to seek the right answ?
Copyright on Books and Music?
British appeasement to Germany before and during ww2?
in catcher in the rye.. holden?
Inspector Maigret series - read in order?
Need help for characters!?
Why save to other formats besides jpeg?
How was germany protected in WWII?
Was there a time in your life when your life was stagnated?
Map Exercise: The Growth of the Towns (Answers)?
Help for a story on fan fiction please, my name there is liverpoolss?
P.S.E (Philosophy & Ethics) Revision Help?
what is the color of a cloudy sky?
Feedback for my debut book (first 2 pages)?
How to format an email in a novel?
Where can I find a free version of Young Frankenstein script?
In what ways was the Bloody Code successful?
The __________ was the killing of hundreds of civilian Vietnamese by American soldiers in 1968.?
Which book should I read next?
spiritually speaking how is 2 + 2 come to the conclusion of 5?
Question about The Hobbit?
Help describing this house?
What type of paint/pen makes this look? (graffiti look) pics?
Who knows what the longest shooting star was ?
Is there a poster board of some type similiar to cardstock for art reasons?
What can I do for getting A in everything?
What Does This Poem By Matsuo Basho mean?
History quiz? Need some light on the situation.?
Writing help and tips?
Book website that suggest new books based own your old ones?
comparison between william blake and francisco goya's general artistic style?
what do you think of my poem?
I need a title for paranormal romance book?
He who has a why to live?
Did the Palestinians control the Gaza Strip and the West Bank for 20 years prior to Israel?
What love creates lasts forever?
Since you are old enough to know better?
What's the difference between a Roland HP-237e and a Roland HP-237re?
How do I dress for the play 'Riders to the Sea'?
what is a good thesis statement about amelia earhart for a speech?
Are my old scholastic books worth anything?
Reasons why U.S. Involvement was nessesary in boxer rebellion and why it was a problem?
What creatures could there be?
narrative story ideas?
Easter territory occupied by the ancient Roman Empire?
Should I have chapters?
Medieval or modern times?
what books do you recommend?
Ramleela- Nagada sang dhol dance counts?
I need to know the answer to this question so I can write an one page essay for history by today..?
Why was the U.S. Involvement in the boxer rebellion needed and why was it a problem?
Question about Sci-Fi and Fantasy.?
What is the most important literary element in the book The Templar Legacy by Steve Berry?
What happened to the great African kingdoms?
what books do you recommend?
Was Führer Hitler Assyrian?
re painting a drum kit.?
I need help fining a particular book?
what is freestyle dance?
Why can't animals go to heaven?
Why are Democrats stingy when it comes to being generous?
WRITING BOOK TROUBLES??? PLease Help?
Were the Kuomintang fascist or had ideological similarities towards fascism?
What do you do when you realize your story really doesn't go anywhere?
Did Catherine the Great promote Equality? if so how did she do it.?
Why aren't the assyrian genocide famous as the genocide of these hitler killed?
What store can I find a light box to display film samples?
Was the Congo Crisis (1960-64) a success or failure?
I went to the cemetery to visit my grandmother (dads mom) and along the way I saw people had put change on her?
Why Romeo and Juliet is a shitty love story ?
IB History 'EE' research topic suggestions!?
If the White Army won the Russian Civil War, wouldn't there have been another civil war immediately after?
Bill O'Reilly wrote a book recently called \The Killing of Jesus \......?
is a lens that only focuses 25CM bad or good?
What acoustic guitar to buy?
IB History 'EE' research topic suggestions!?
What specifications would an image sensor need to be considered equivalent to film quality?
If you had a time machine and could see one person, who would it be and why?
I am writing a book. Need a name Vote.?
What's the point of this poem?
wat is the name of a jewish leader?
How do you put together a mechanical pencil?
Anyone have any tips form reaching my dace goals?
what topic dominated medieval art and architecture?
Need help with murder mystery novel?
Why Europe Northern Europe has called Spain, northern Africa?
Is this a good opening for my chapter?
Feel sad about my life?
Who was the first King of England?
Is there a website for book renting that the book must get on my door?If there any?
Why do leaders need their followers to be united?
in every emotion i get, i link it to him, why is this part of my illness, because i wanted him beyond life?
Middle name for boy name Aidan?
How to find ones purpose or reason to live?
How can i be so DAMN LUCKY?
How excatly is Holden Caulfield mental?
Requested critique for my works?
Kindly give me books with dark and gothic genre?
Any publishing houses that can accept my novel?
How to search for family member who came to United States in 1920's?
I want to sing a song on stage?
Clicking Jallikattu in Madurai to Michael Jackson.Is there any website to see John Isaac's photography?
How to give a nice depth for a story character?
Van Gogh's Cafe Terrace at Night?
I want to change my picture?
What would history have been like if the United States had not attacked Vietnam?
who wins the throne in the game of thrones books?
What is the best thing about Harry potter novels?
What would history have been like if General MacArthur had been allowed to attack China?
is it important to develop cities, even if this damages nature?
I'm not afraid of thumbs down or being reported... but I AM afraid of a loveless world. How about you?
frlist the ways that geography and the climate shaped Greek life and possibly Greek history?
If I'm in rehearsal for a show?
Do you think lie can ever be justice?
Would the world economy have been stronger or weaker if Nazi Germany had won?
Identify key events and people in Florida history as they relate to us history during this time period?
What Do You Think Of These Names?
writing music for a living?
Can you help me figure this out for my story?
On how to learn acting?
Looking for specific pictures of couple and selfies?
What are/is your main antagonist's/s goals? +(BQ)?
How to recover a poorly scanned text?
Will our world ever come to.. laws against even hugging in public?
Someone explain how to sweep the first part, please.?
What would a normal lens be if the film were 16mm?
Is it bad that I don't really want to do anything with my life apart from write a book?
Every day may not be good, but isn't there usually something good in each day?
what is the perfect 5th in guitar notation?
Is there such thing as meant to be (or is it all our choice)?
Is your life right now the way you expected it to be when you were younger?
What actually happens when you mix the colours blue & yellow together?
How to learn the butterfly stretch?
i am half irish half and half liuthanian,how can something be split like that,the rest of my ancestry is full?
Hhow Can I Take Good Photos like These...?
im looking for a good anime?
According to Ghandhiji,what was the problem with western education in India?
Please tell me what you think about my book so far?
How can I sing better,, in a better voice?
Why was Ludwig II King of Bavaria thought to be Mad?
how can one know your specific purpose in the world?
in the 1700s what process of enclosure tended to increase ?
What does 'overstrung' mean?
What if King amanullah khan remained the king of Afghanistan?
Where can I buy Santana's mexican guitar?
How to 'spiritually' or idk subconsciously be open/receptive to people coming into your life?
How to play notes on the piano seamlessly?
short story ideas pls!!?
How can I stop my fingers from hurting when I play the guitar?
Will AAP bring Utopia if victorious in Lok Sabha elections?
What's the name of this book?
Should I go on the X factor?
What did the first guitar look like?
I am looking to buy art supplies for my online webstore?
Is smoke on water hard to learn on the guitar?
Why I cannot import images to PENCIL?
Would you allow yourself to fall asleep knowing that you wouldn't wake up?
what is the point of loving somebody?
Can Polypropylene monofilaments used to manufacture brushes to apply paints?
Am I too old to get to the professional standard in ballet?
Does intelligence affect/influence on personality?
How do I clean dried enamel paint off of paint brushes?
Tips for first theatre production audition?!?
Photos taken by digital camera look downgraded on instagram?
How do physically challenged people inspire you or what is something you know about them?
First attempt at poems, any good? This poem is called Silent.?
Would you critique this ramble please?
Do thoughts you flinch from thinking control you more than those you speak aloud?
I need a youube name with \Diego\ in it?
Kyoukai no Kanata light novel?
Happiness is a choice... does each person's understanding of this.. differ from another's?
What does the 5th stanza of the poem Truth at Dawn by Kevin Ireland indicate?
How does a hug benefit people?
What does this line mean?
What was roman culture before greek influence?
How does my cousin feel about me?
Summary of national prejudice by oliver goldsmith?
I need help with thes 2 history questions?
Drawing different body types?
Within the first two chapters, why would Piggy in Lord of the flies be a good leader other than the others?
What do you guys think about my story?
How hard is it to learn the guitar?
i want to find the value of a specific robert wood painting?
How can i find the summary for the novel \To sir with love\ by E.R.Braithwaite?
How is it that the events in the Pacific Islands of 1849 relate to the rest of the Cloud Atlas story?
Sword of Destiny Why are people so dumb?
Can I turn my Ebook into a physical novel?
is john nash a nobel prize winner?
Longevity in the near future?
Time of the knights.. I'm so confused?
What is the greatest moment in your life?
What is the starting salary for animators in India?
When is the time to read your book.....?
Does an inability to test out of English 101 make me a bad writer?
why did the ancient japanese currency has banana plant on it?
could u please recommend books similar to Brian Godawa's?
Lord of The Rings Question?
Medieval warfare and knights?
how is irony and a shift in society connected?
Tell me the truth, is this a cliched story? And can you suggest some names.?
Guys : EMILY VANCAMP OR CRYSTAL REED ?
Japan's stance on the Rwandan Genocide? (MUN)?
Did scientific achievements diminish or people are simply more stupid?
Casting at the agency?
Essay on Art and Aesthetics.?
What does this poem make you think about?
how big in inches is a a2 canvas?
e-book link for : Priceless: The Myth of Fair Value?
Hey could you give me your opinoin?
What is the wisdom behind this quote?
How Do I Become An Actress? (Im 14)?
how to be happy? joyful and peaceful?
Which was written down first, the Illiad or the Odyssey?
how to put an audiobook on kindle fire?
Can you recognize who is in this drawing?
what is relivancy of pan Africanism of the present Africa in the era of globalization and western imperialism?
How to enhance my imagination?
Children's face painting?
my instagram is not making me like pictures what do I do to fix it?
what picture represents the civil war and its costs? how?
Oak Island. \They\ didn't construct that with shovels before 1700 so how did they do it?
was president lincoln preserved in alcohol?
Would having a tattoo lower the opportunities for beginning actors and possibly modeling?
Good book recommendations for a teen?
What is a thematic statement to go with Edgar Allen Poe's story The black Cat?
Good musical theater male solo songs?
How do I mark the notes on my CTK-1200 Keyboard?
Does this poetic meter sound right?
Which Ancient Civilizations developed in Iraq,Italy and Mexico?
scientificly speaking liberals, does a humans brain only start working once its born?
Anybody who has experience with face painting?
poem. .Some got cut off. yr opinions?
If you have a G.E.D. can you take history courses online and still get some kind of job in history?
How to replicate Ingres painting style?
Do you need talent to be able to sing good?
How to be less squeamish around genitals?
If you write a book on wattpad can only your followers read it ?
Can anyone sing good if they took lessons?
Which book should I read?
Can you critic my short story, English class?
Why don't \famous\ actors ever seem to do short films and such?
What's the point in discussing here?
\LIFE IS A DARK CHAIN OF EVENTS\ by Frederick Neitzsche?
How do author's choices create meaning?
ish vahng dougan lakin hojerat?
is twilight book worth?
Where can I find a painting named “Portrait of the Princesse De Broglie”?
How have Native Americans contributed to the advancement of the human race?
Do this make me not a writer?
Does my tanka poem make any sense? Grammar issues?
What is the title of a specific children’s book about a businessman/con-artist boy?
Would you agree with this statement?
What are some plot ideas for a Bloody Mary story?
To what degree were Protestants persecuted in Fascist Spain?
Need names for a story?
What significance does Fortinbras play in Act 3 of Hamlet?
good books with antiheroes and or thorough demonology?
What moral panics did earlier generations had?
Divergent second book?
why do my photos lose quality when uploaded?
I lack inspiration and will for life, anything to help?
John Hancock and Sam Adams Revolution Facts?
I can't think of last names for these girls. Can you help me out?
How to become a professional ballerina??!!?
How to become a professional ballerina??!!?
Roses are red violets are blue?
any awesome fantasy or sci-fi novels out?
How to memorize combinations better in class? (ballet)?
Genealogy: where does the last name \Mallorca\ come from?
What are some good teen books ?
Which one is simple..... ?
What calms you no matter what?
Best translation of Divine Comedy?
How many people could/should live in the tunnels?
do publishers give different codes to the same book publishe in different countries?
What is about theories in the human and natural sciences convincing?
A good name for my story?
Is this a poem? (\Music Box\) If so, care to c/c?
May arrogance be caused by inferiority complex?
Can someone please help with this poem please?
Why do Logic and Reason fail to explain that which is True ?
Here is something about the book Divergent?
How to publish poetry?
What were some of the most common practices of a 1700's ship surgeon?
Those in marching band:Stereotypes for sections? Funniest thing that happened in marching band? etc?
Need help with the title of a book of horror/zombie/ghost short stories?
Spoken Word Pageant Talent?
Help with ideas for a school project: What could be a monument for King Leopold II?
what's one thing you want to do before you die?
How and why did the Native American resist migration?
Help with the start of my story please ?
I need help on character names for my novel! (Help!)?
Is there anyone else that's a misanthrope, and would like to offer insight unto me?
If perception is reality, why are we told to never judge a book by its cover then?
Which book is better...?
Why is it so important to be so perfect and gorgeous as an actress?
What image represents the overall costs of the civil war?
What is the difference between an Epic Poem and Prose?
Do I really need a college degree for a writing career?
ideas on how to write spoken word poetry?
can you give me the mythical creatures from the book The Great Tree of Avalon?
I need help with a good start to my story?
I have to draw a poster about who i am and how I am different from everyone else.?
How does an acting agent work?
Who was Aleister Crowley and why did he influence so many people?
Which approach will more likely get a novelist published?
how did beethoven effect the industrial revolution?
I'm trying to figure out the name of a book!!!?
Paperback versions of Divergent trilogy books?
Future death thoughts..?
How is kurtz a tragic hero?
I want a REAL adventure, does anybody have ideas?
I have perfect pitch, how common is that?
are pencils for sketching (drawing) made with graphite?
Was Napoleon a good enlightened leader or a tyrant?
any good books with a plethora of supernatural characters and/or aliens?
Interesting ideas for how to express my passion for pharmacy in a photo?
How do you define \energy\?
are Sigma 30mm f/1.4 DC hsm and Sigma 30mm f/1.4 DC hsm art two different lenses?
How does John Locke's ideas influence us today?
can you help me find a fairy tale i read as a child?
george washingtons farewell letter?
Do you like this scene in my story? How can I improve?
How much should I charge to shoot a wedding as a student photographer?
How do I get my published book to show both ebook and print prices?
Best one volume history of the Vikings?
Filming my schools prom, help?? Going solo?
What's a good book????
I need help naming two characters in my book.?
How did the Maya influence the world we live in today?
much ado about nothing question?
Musical theater school acceptances?
Is it bad that I traced a photograph for my drawing?
5 countries that impacted the modern world?
How to Expertise as Guitarist?
How did the Scythians influence the world we live in today?
How did the Native Americans survive the harsh winter to get to Oklahoma?
Was the Soviet Union more powerful then the US during WW2?
Which character trait sounds more interesting?
Is it bad that I traced a photo for a drawing?
I want to be an actor, but?
Sophies Choice or Beloved for American Novel project?
Declaration of Independence?
Was Ashoka the Great truly as evil as he is often thought of before his conversion to Buddhism?
is acrylic paint good to use on styrofoam?
What book should I read for great American novel project?
I did a book report on the entire Twilight series but I need to write a conclusion in a half an hour! HELP!!!!?
Is it lazy to start a story with \Once Upon a Time\?
How many people died during the trail of tears with the Choctaw Tribe?
what is the title of this book?
What is that effect called?
How long should a synopsis be?
Someone hates my writing. Any help?
Were there tree houses in the 1940s?
When did Anchorage,AK earn the nickname \The city of Lights and Flowers?\?
Civil War/ Death Count Question!?
Question about Curators?
Lighting fire methods for photography project?
Character names help?!?
New attempt at poetry for a while; pls c/c?
What is David Copperfield about?
Good name for this character?
Lightroom actions - Any similar to this?
In 1879, why did Germany and Austria-Hungary ally against Russia?
What is it to Learn without Remembering?
Are those who believe in justice just fooling themselves?
What type of jobs did men have in the Renaissance?
Roll and impact of totalitarian leaders (WWI-WWII)?
What are some good books?
Can I photocopy a book?
A true friend knows your weaknesses?
David Hume on a contemporary issue?
What does it take to have love in your heart.. not just for yourself but all man/woman kind?
What were some important Revolutions?
What are some MAJOR PROBLEMS in Czech Republic?
What does it mean when you say \life is a puzzle\?
Anyone know any dark females monologues?
Will learning k-pop dances get easier?
Dual Protagonists... And an extra?
I need grade 7 poem topics and fast?
How many dancers went to the denishawn company to dance?
Do I have to move to L.A. or NYC if I want to become an actor?
Knights of France and Britain in the early 1400's?
Books for English project to read memoirs and biographys?
Percentage of black and white am i?
I need help with my essay about The American Revolution!!?
I have a macro camera and dont know what to photograph?
Could One, or more of my grandparents down the line, be white?
I have a good voice but how do I show it?
How does frankenstein's creation get rejected by humanity?
how do you get your book back to normal after dropping it in water?
Why did America help the communists in China civil war from 1945-1949?
How to make a Pokeball that opens I really don't want to buy one and please not to small please and thanks?
what is functional movement class?????
Where can i create a life like human online?
how are divergent and fahrenheit 451 similar?
Which photo is better?
percentage of black am i?
Musical audition next week and I'm starting to get sick?
what would be a good title for a sequel?
I need to trace the origin of a copyright mark on an antique Van Gogh print done on artists board from europe?
were can I buy ballet , jazz and tap shoes?
Did anything else, besides rock and roll, influence social change in the 1950's?
Plato's Immortality of the Soul?
Is it as hard to get into a ballet company as it is to get into a dance school?
How can I make/order mechanical music box parts?
Protestant reformation- what are the main beliefs about sin and salvation?
Why did larger and smaller populated states disagree over representation in the Federal Government?
Which of the following statements in INACCURATE about the commerce compromise?
What does it take to truly know someone?
Do I have to move to L.A. or NYC if I want to become an actor?
What happens when stoneware clay is left out?
What were the main reasons that the Democratic party attracted new supporters?
What are some books that include the following?
Which country did vikings originally come from?
I want to be a comedian.. what do i do?
I am 18 and I love philosophy. Am I alone?
what events from the 1930's might have caused African Americans to turn to the democratic party?
why did America put a trade embargo on Cuba?
Shall we quit the hugs now? What's so bad about hugs?
Ending of The Guest by Albert Camus?
Ending of The Guest by Albert Camus?
Why is perspective important? in books?
i need a good site with book information?
Do Drawing Tablets Work With Desktops?
what where some reasons why rome government were corrupted ?
Protestant reformation...what are the main beliefs about sin and salvation?
why was rome middle class disappering ?
is Joseph conrad a victorianist or a modernist writer?
Can someone give me their opinion on my story?
Good Title For A Book Like The Hunger Games?
Can anyone publish a book?
How do I take amazing pictures like these people?
how are memories important in avoiding future mistakes?
I'm looking to improve my photography skills... who are your favorite blogging photographers?
What does Roman System of Laws tell us about Roman values?
i want to be a comedian.. what do i do?
I need some help with character names?
Which name is best for my main character?
what is the true meaning behind the painting For Sunday's Dinner?
What Are Some Examples of Irony in Abraham Lincoln's Life?
Airbrushing. Can you air brush metal?
Common theme in the short stories of J.R.R. Tolkien?
Advice on my improv assigment?
Reasons why Vincent van Gogh impacted the art world?
Can I just quit the planet, forever?
what should I call my story?
What are some creative ideas to present something?
How to do research report on mime?
Can you dance to this song?
Acting classes to be on disney?
History Essay - Negative Affects on the Cold War(Canada)?
Where can I find the performance fees for the play The Dybbuk?
Biblical view on Vincent van Gogh?
Is the Thermomix any good?
What do you guys personally think are the important events that contributed to the end of Civil War?
Should word counts of chapters in a book be similar?
What were the 3 wars of Germany unification?
A book title is needed.?
Use the music \Bring Him Home\ to a audition to the role of the Phantom (The Phantom of the Oper?
How is this story beginning?
What can happen when you choose not to judge others before you truly know them?
why was it beneficial to traders to trade within a unified territory like the muslim empire?
what is the difference between an Academy Award and a Golden Globe?
How can a protagonist who beheads somebody still be a 'good guy'?
Is there anything wrong with saying \I don't know\?
I am not wry good at ballet but love it?
Advice for voice acting?
What's a good file sharing site to upload copyrighted classics to?
I'm looking for a book title?
Which begining would be best for my novel?
Which begining would be best for my novel?
Who founded the Roman Catholic Church?
Can someone explain this part of Allegiant by Veronica Roth to me? (spoilers and ginormous description ahead)?
What is the WOK for, “Stupidity has a certain charm. Ignorance does not.” ?
If continents were 'countries'_ which country would be their capital?
Can I sell a photograph of a already published grreeting card along other objects in the picture?
Who was the best president in US history and who was the worst in US history?
Good places to get a photography backdrop ? (UK)?
What books are good reads? (Similar to the hunger games etc.)?
Why was Henry VIII obsessed with marrying people named Catherine?
What is postmodernism in photography?
Perks of Being a wallflower? movie/book?
if my last name is german does it originate in germany?
What if life isn't real and we're all hallucinating our own realities?
Genius...genes... genie... see the connection?
i want to write a book, but am i too young?
I need help in history ? Help please few questions that I cannot find answers to .?
what to do with slightly damaged books?
Why is Photoshop better for digital drawing and painting?
How to clean Capezio Pirouette II Ballet Shoe?
5 items/pictures that represent Helen Keller? help!!?
What colour is better?
Book Ideas for Teens!?
Why do you think photography is amazing?
help on a painting i just bought?
What are 3 examples of fate in a separate peace?
I am looking for voice actors, know where I can look or is anyone interested?
What most important things happened in Albert Einstein's life from childhood to adult life?
describe the political reforms of the abbasids. How did they fail politically ?
No idea what guitar to get?
Can't get the tampon in.... :/?
dystopian/fantasy story help?
Were the Mongols good for Asia?
What role did absolutism play in how nations in Europe were governed in the 16th and 17th centuries?
If a piece of ice was say, as sharp as a sword, could it kill someone by stabbing?
Book Publishing? Please Help.?
Do you enjoy going down rabbit holes?
Which digital painting program should I use?
How is Russia going to remember the 1917 revolution?
Did the Enlightenment weaken the Church's influence in France &/or England?
What were positive and negative effects of imperialism in Korea?
How did social and economic conditions of Imperialism of two countries contribute to nationalistic movements?
What do you do when nobody agrees with your beliefs?
A Poem Comparing Parallel and Perpendicular Lines?
How did the Medici family contribute to the renaissance?
Could anyone provide links to MODEST cute ballet leotards?
Effects of religion in Elizabethan England?
Is hell being stuck in a room with Sartre for eternity?
In Holes, how did Trout Walker know about the treasure?
Help with Shakespeare? The Tweflth Night?
History of art need help ASAP!?
Want to read books on Wattpad!? XD?
Help with this teen fiction/love storyline?
How much would this be worth at Last Stop CD Shop?
Do we live in the Matrix, and are low- res worlds such as Minecraft the true dimension?
How can I improve my drawing skills?
What is a moral issue in contemporary society?
Can anyone help me find this book series?
Chapter summaries. Archetypes of Wisdom: Intro to philosophy 8th ed?
Is there any really inspirational quotes that have stuck with you forever?
Would you buy this book?
Only new to self publishing and need as much advise as possible?
if you could go back to the 1960s and stay , would you?
Girl names that sound cute with the name Will?
Question about \The Book Thief\?
What does happiness mean to you?
How to write a DBQ? Please help!?
What book should I read next?
Dance training advice please help.?
What to wear to a semi formal dance?
How does this quote relate to british imperialism?
How does this quote relate to british imperialism?
What is the name of this book.?
Recommendations of long fantasy series?
what is the name of this book?
How to regain drawing skills?
What is a good song to sing and play guitar to for a HS talent show?
IF impossibility was nothing but a brain function?
Can a autobiography poem rhyme?
What to wear for a high school semi formal dance?
Question over the Princess Bride by William Goldman.?
It's long but can you critique on this piece for me?
What was the last war the happened in Nova scotia?
how to become a professional ballerina??!?
Germans today and the Holocaust??
Which of the following authors is considered a pragmatist?
Is my short story a masterpiece or horrible?
Craft/Art Hair Help!?
ANCIENT ROME AND RENAISSANCE?
Have you ever had a bad audition?
In the great gatsby, what three adjectives describe the characters: Nick, Tom, Daisy, and Jordan?
Five non-cliché words to describe yourself?
Who has read this novel of Stephen King?
How did Germany become a country again after WW2 as Germany was given to the allies?
Describe the beautiful garden from the book \The Secret Garden\?
I need inspiration for art.?
what book should I read now?
What can i use to take pictures?
Wreck this journal download?
What are some examples of transcendentalism in pop culture?
NEED HELP ON A JOHN LENNON BIOGRAPHY BOOK REPORT ASAP?
Who do you think was to blame for the Cold War? USA or USSR?
Can you bring a prepared monologue into your audition?
Question about slavery?
What do you think of my story idea?
3D are help for exams!!!?
1) Who did you believe is more suitable for the job of Chancellor, Schleicher, Hitler or Papen?
Who did you believe is more suitable for the job of Chancellor, Schleicher, Hitler or Papen?
How to become a better writer?
Themes in Alice's Adventures in Wonderland?
Was the Kievan Rus Ukrainian or Russian state?
What do you think of this part of my story?
I'm looking for the name of a book?
website for info on a person for FREE?
Where can I find some good pictures for pointilism?
What caused the 1930 crash?
I need a fsa safe waterproof sealer/top coat?
What do you think this picture means?
Can someone explain this to me?
How/why did UK win the Battle of Britain?
Looking for some guest bloggers... Philosophy related?
I just need a short story idea?
I am a new dance teacher, I am wondering what are some good ways to strengthen students technique?
Translate Imogen's monologue?
Could God be a dimension of positive thought energy?
rules to avoid when writing an essay?
I'm making a photobook - the cover is a black and white photo and the first page is also black and white?
What's best acting book to learn lot about acting Industry?
Any picture of slay cylinder being taking out are being put n?
Who was the author of this article?
Does adding a few drops of black to white paint make it brighter?
Why is it always such bad timing with love?
How does the beginning of this story sound?
Is it normal that I find my fantasy world to be better then real life?
Stuck on plot. Help please?
Need help with school market logo?
help on doing accents ?
What/who did Isaac newton love or value?
is gratification of desire freedom?
Why do people use a lot of layers on The Gimp, but none on Inkscape?
Dual Protagonist... When should they meet?
Would you be able to empathize with my character?
What's the point of building a sand castle if the waves are just going to wash it away?
Who shot who in the poem \The shooting of Dan mcgrew\?
A wallet is empty til it is filled with pictures?
Art Students League of New York?
If you want to enjoy success fantasize about it?
why is a family tree important?
What would you assume was about to happen to this person in this story?
By what means were Native American cultures destroyed in the late 1800s?
Which name is better?
Were black musicians exempt from racism in America 1950's ?
Short story ideas!!!?
What is your just right blend of fun & Faith?
What are some Positives the German Nazi did while they controlled Germany?
Is it a good idea to kill off a main character?
Im planning on making infinity scarves to sell. What colors do you think would sell the most?
From what nation were many Enlightenment leaders?
What's a good name for my superhero?
Can professional dancer practise for show and be at the same time dance teacher?
Can you tell me more about the Nassar surname? My grandfather was a Christian, Raggy Nassar, from near Nazaret?
What have best selling authors made on books?
Why did the North West company form?
Is Canada proud of celebrating its own heritage and culture?
What does this passage mean ?
What groups of people did 1920s and 1930s radio appeal to?
What ideas did you discover from reading the the book,Wealth of Nations, by Adam Smith.?
what four word were the basis of enlightenment?
Does professional dancers gets paid good money for living?
Stone (jade?) monkey on unknown object, what is this?
What are some good criticisms of Thomism (or Aristotle's metaphysics) and Natural Law ethics?
Since Reconstruction, freedom in America is ?
Has Seychelles ever been in a war?
I want to be an actress?
What are good songs for a competitive swimming playlist?
the interpretation of dalis painting the dream?
Frankenstein question?
Which idea is the better one?
How to take a picture like this with a dlsr?
Tips for a young author?
what is the the fad about twilight?
Homemade objects sculpture ideas?
What are Stephan King books about?
Books like these HELP!!!?
I take life for granted?
Who does professional dancers work with?
What is literally 100% perfect out there?
What does relief in art mean?
Do you embrace incoming changes in your life with hope?
Who favored nobility over peasants and expanded russian territory south and west?
need help with a horror story?
Why can't the United States of America ever be an isolated nation ever again?
New Songs to cover for a soft vibrato voice?!(10 points)?
4 What is a Remittances book used for and why?
Plot for a fake legend/fantasy?
Lyrical duo dance suggestions?
anybody who has studied an art/ design course, please help!!!?
\What is poetry\ assignment help?
What makes a story interesting?
Will you C/C and edit poem called \The Letter\ in iambic pentameter?
? created a new martial art tsuyoi-kiritsu?
Favoite traits in a character?
What are som unusual girl an boy names?
How much does professional dancers get paid?
Book club. Help me pick a good one:)?
What is the best Science Fiction series?
Cinema 4d or After Effects?
What is the theme of this poem???!!!?
Is it bad to sing a song at an audition for a show they recently did?
Which of these names fits this description best?
Jacksonian/Jeffersonian Democracy questions?
How do you analyze this poem?
What is the most important line in Romeo and Juliet Act 2; Prologue?
What were the main reasons for the outbreak of February Revolution?
What should I know on guitar?
What are some good names for a female angel?
peom my mothers kitchen help pleace?
How do you pronounce Arrakis from the book Dune?
What's Wrong With My Paint Tool SAI?
Is this a good idea for a story?
has anyone ever rented a book from amazon how does it work?
David Strorm the chrysalids?
is this good for a first poem?
Creative ideas for Sadie Hawkins dance?
Is it possible for one animal to change into a completely different animal?
First novel, need help!?
What was the government like in France during the Renaissance?
What are some weaknesses in Tess of the d'Urbervilles?
Name for a fake band?
How old is Shasta from Narnia?
Who defines what love is?
What's the best book of monologues?
What colors should I use?
Central Pennsylvania youth ballet summer intensive?
What is a major scene in the book, \Catching Fire\?
which doctrine states that if people are free to pursue their own best interests, all will benefit.?
Is there really such a thing as a \great philosopher\?
Who was better in archery-Karna or Arjuna??Why?
3 rules to avoid breaking in academic writing?
Character Exposition?
a good world war to 2 book either from a soldiers point of view or from a prisoner in a camp?
Best way to start a story and introduce the main character?
a good world war to 2 book either from a soldiers point of view or from a prisoner in camp?
What does it mean by 8/7c?
Who was the first African-American to run for president?
i need an actors opinion?
How did Gorbachev's policies change the relations between the usa and ussr?
how important are image quality numbers/?
How do you explain Plato’s view of “justice”..........?
What did the Rwandan Government do during the genocide?
Did the Cold War end when the Berlin Wall was torn down? Why or why not?
Genius! Do u guys agree to what I wrote ? ( this is a part of a book that I am writing right now)?
Fictional country nationality name help?
can a mirrorless camera produce images as good as DSLR?
There must always be the poor?
a DSLR on a bicycle?
Survey : Its about your own world ?
What were the consequences of the French and Indian war?
Why Was The Roaring Twenties A Bad Thing For Everyone?
Can I mix paint and water?
My wattpad story idea?
Back when the Mafia was a major thing?
How is Jeff Koons a Post-modern artist?
I am going to Nicauragua for spring break to help build 2 houses..?
Was there conflict from the native americans after the civil war?
Perks of Being a Wallflower AIDs page?
How did Ryan Ochoa become an actor?
Which Last name fit my character best?
I can't think of last names for these girls. Can you help?
Why can I not read books?
What did the British do in the 7 years war?
how did the steam engine impact our society today?
AF Nikkor 50mm f/1.8D for d5100 is it good or not?
What is the best gift for a photographer?
Which was worse on a global scale: the Great Depression on the Great Recession of 2008?
How did the book The Program by Suzanne Young end?
is there a philosophy that brave companions solve the mystery of the words of this philosophy ?
Is the beginning of my story okay so far?
If I write a book based on a video game, but don't publish it, do I still need permission from the company?
Help with hamlet act 4!! PLEASE!?
How do you reverse \salting the earth\ and how long does it take?
what was the British Army?
Is it even possible for the mind to fully comprehend itself?
How does 1 john apply to your life?
What free website can a do a simple photo collage?
What caused the bute inlet massacre?
If General Franco had lost the war in Spain,what would have happened to him?
race and gender inequality? 10 points!!!?
Are all wise statements nothing more than ideologies?
What to decorate a wheelchair with for a funeral?
Wild West rifles, bolt actions and semi automatics?
What to do ? I study Fashion design but cant draw well ! I am nervous :( :'( Suggest me anything !?
what did the 19th amendment do?
The Fault In Our Stars ? or The Perks of Being A Wallflower ?
does heavier mean better?
What are Joseph Plumb Martin's final experiences at the Battle of Yorktown?
Horrible reviews on my fanfic stories?
Will Russia ever return to communism and a USSR?
How does joseph plumb martin develop over the course of the American Revolution?
What do you think of this drawing ?
How did Texas pay off its public debt?
How to introduce the culture of the setting in my novel?
Skim over this and please tell me if there are notable errors anywhere?
Claim Evidence Warrant, Romeo & Juliet?! HELP!! Best Answer=10PTS!?
What happened to the Celtic domination of Europe?
What's a good young adult/adult vampire romance novel?
why does the book forest of doom cost so much?
What are some Quotes that show that Huck Finn was maturing throughout the book?
art with change (need an art idea)?
how was alexander the great able to expand and control his empire?
i need an art idea!! please help?
art project ideas! HELP?
How do you expect the world will end?
how to know where to shade when drawing and where to put light?
What would be some good books for me?
why is the revolution in mexico important in texas history?
Who was expected to win the Battle of Gettysburg?
America, superpower since?
Will you assess my short poem?
poem critique? all opinions welcomed?
Questions about becoming an extra in a big budget TV show?
what is this type of mental or emotional condition ? ? ?
cute captions for this picture?
Does anybody know of a site where I could post my poetry?
about the author of Secret Garden?
example of historical moral support?
Is it true that Hitler's soldiers hided him?
Is it possible to shrink leather jazz shoes without damaging them?
Any good books on verbal warfare?
What is the difference between a walled castle and a manor and manor house??
what is this type of mental or emotional condition ? ? ?
Can you write under pressure?
What was the most significant impact of the Cuban Missile Crisis?
Help! I feel like I'm going blind?!?
murder monologue from a published play?
What age is Anthem by Ayn Rand for?
does anyone know of some hilarious children's books?
Funny children's books that even teens would enjoy!?
Hilarious childrens books?
a logo has 5 letters, it is a black square with a white gear like tool L-shaped. what is it?
Why is my mom acting like this?
Tips on Dancing, please?
Identify the MAJOR difference between ancient greek civilization and all other civilization (china india egyp)?
What were the beliefs of the Anglican Church under Henry VIII? How did the beliefs change over time?
What images do Duncan's words in act 1 scene 4 conjure up in the play macbeth?
What did elizabeth I of England and Henry IV of France have in common?
is there a website for reading free books other people wrote?
anyone know what teen book I should read?
Where on board the Titanic were the 1st, 2nd and 3rd class passengers?
what to draw with three dots other than a triangle?
Can I read a nook book on my iPod touch 2g and convert it using Callibre?
Is it better to go on 50 vacations in your life or have one child?
What are the 10 easiest lines to memorize in Hamlet ?
what are the downsides to full frame DSLR's?
Do you possess happiness within your heart?
All of the following are true about early American steamboats EXCEPT...?
Is this title correct?
How many of the Civil War Corps Badges are still in use in todays Armed Forces?
Provide two reasons why Greek civilization was able to thrive without the existence of a major river?
What was/were the political units on the Swahili Coast?
14 year old poetry need backup!?
Who was in charge of the following countries in 1939 and the parties they represented?
I found out I am a direct descendant of Genghis Khan?
Does anyone know what this painting is called or where I can purchase a print of it?
What can my theme for GCSE art be?
What are some positive yet flirty things that can happen between two people?
Can you please explain it was the best of times it was the worst of times?
what is the historical significance of the louvain burning?
was skillful propaganda the main reason why hitler had established himself in power by 1933?
What are some good books about love stories?
Good books for 14 year old girls?
What are some good romance books for teenagers?
What was the Open Door Policy and how did it serve US interests?
can i get some passage for my record?
Any good romance books for a 16 year old girl?
What do i need to draw manga?
What are poems saying? can anyone say for sure?
is this a good opening for my book (New opening)?
What is the theme of warm bodies?
HELP ME WITH DANCE FAST?
Good acting advice for a lead role?
how can i bring different personalities to characters in acting?
What is your first choice in life?
how did the geography of Greece present obstacles to unity?
Hi! I'm looking for the pdf of...?
two reasons why greek civilization was able to thrive without the existence of a major river?
Is this a good story?
Would a prologue be beneficial to my story?
How do you like this idea?
Superhero universe tips?
how do i become famouse?
What were the social changes that occurred after emancipation?
reasons why the 1850 comprise increased more tension than the kansas- neberska bill ( please help fast )?
What are some books on the creative use of language for fiction writers?
Describe a High School Hallway?
What is the meaning of life?
Should my copyright date be when I publish or when it was written?
How can u find your passion and purpose in life?
Help please! I'm lost. I don't know whether to complete a story as a novel, or to find a comic artist?
What do you know about spiritual awakening?
Would World War I have happened if the Assassination of Franz Ferdinand didn't happen?
Does anyone know what the font on this shirt is called?
Any ideas for what I can do next I move my story along?
????????What is dying?
What's your favorite painting??
So I'm writing my life story and need money and publisher, help?
What are 3 literary devices found in this paragraph?
Great stories on wattpad?
How to start with photography? Canon rebel t2i..?
What is the genere of this book?
Friends, what do you think of the first page of my story?
How to plan a story so I don't get writers block?
Good book for me? (male,22)?
What's wrong with me?
What is a must see place in the world?
What is a good book/Series to read?
Is this a correct book title?
Can you help me with my character?
Want some inspirational paragraphs?
What would happen if I never get caught?
Any ideas for this art homework?
Consequences of apartheid for South Africans TODAY?
Which is easy to learn violin or flute?
Freaking out about audition results!?
Which one is correct? Under the shade of a tree or in the shade of a tree. Please answer.?
Which one is correct? Under the shade of tree or in the shade of tree. Please answer.?
The American Revolution 1. Impact of enlightenment ideas on the American Revolutionary movement and the consti?
What do you guys think of my story so far? (UPDATED)?
how is burning books burning culture?
Should a poet expose personal despair?
DSLR / camcorder question..........?
Need some advice for my edited story?
'I will survive' dance at Auschwitz?
Question for people who have read the game of thrones books....?
What was the importance of the Iron Curtain speech?
What can I do for my GCSE Art Project....?
Is romanticizing suicide proper for a poet?
What is a good way to explain time travel in a story?
what does it mean if my drama teacher doesn't comment on my acting?
What is a title for an essay about persuading students to read more?
why did british settlers move into french and indian territory during the revoloutionary war?
Should I add profanity to my novel?
Should I stay away from these ideas, or not?
Do you use dots in your poems to represent unfinished thoughts? C/C?
Do you have to be a certain age to publish a book?
I want a story TOPIC?
Harry Potter question?
What materials can you put on an emulsion print?
Stronger family, stronger society?
Is this a good opening for my book?
How to find a name of a picture or a painting?
Why is the In-N-Out Burger logo effective?
Will this poem amend all heretofore mistakes?
Can anyone give me inspiration for a dj logo / make me a dj logo?
Did Columbus explore North America?
What does love at first sight says about human nature?
French or German philosophy?
I am looking for a book. I am sure it's called Finger. I read it in the 70s, very funny.?
i was one of the last strong pharaohs who am I?
Please can any one help me out please?
Any ideas for a twist ending to my short story?
Need help writing a monomyth?
photographers! would you like these features?
What name do I use to publish my novel?
How Can I Get Old School New Body Pdf Book For Free ?
Help please! I'm lost. I don't know whether to complete a story as a novel, or to find a comic artist?
is graphic designing and animation a good field?
Can you imagine if the world had no armies, no police, no aggression, no violence, absolute security?
Philosophy magazine ideas?
How is this first page of my story?
iPhone photo editing apps for free?
Why is everyones concept of time so different?
What will happen if we don't take good care of the environment?
is this a good opening for my book?
Looking for a good crime mystery novel about serial killer/killers?
Question regarding tenses and perspective for my story?
I'm always bored!! any suggestions?
How do I apply a matte varnish on an acrylic painting?
My husband seems really bothered by my introversion even though he knew what I was before marriage?
is there a possiblity that we're the aliens?
Havisham and romeo and juliet? HOW ARE THEY SIMILAR?
In the book A Little Prince, what does the little prince learn throughout his little journey?
Rebecca Stead or Laura E. Engles books for depth and thought?
Need a name for my protagonist?
will more ebooks or self publish books reach phenomonal status?
Facts about William Shakespear?
Is there any top coat I can apply onto custom aluminum paint jobs?
What kind of flash settings is for night photography?
Who is/was your biggest role model in your personal life?
Careful what you ask for.. you just might get it. How often do people ask for something...?
What did domestic servants wear in the 1900's?
best way to remove black mold from bookcover?
why did henry close down the monasteries?
In Katawa Shoujo my character died?
What's a good guitar solo to learn for a beginner?!?
Can anyone help me analyse an a level history source on the economy under the Macmillan government please?
Whst motivates you to carry on in life?
Do you think that family values and Christian values are still relevant?
what is the story behind sanghar ki jiyali that bilawl butto refered in his speech?
What does the little Prince learn during his journey?
What does the little Prince learn during his journey?
What's the song called where, in the music video, average people dance in front of a blue background?
im really bad at drawing?
Would Americans be offended if I wrote an American character with different spelling from other characters?
Which version of 'Hang Up The Hero's Cloak' do you prefer?
What do you think to the first couple of pages of my story?
Sprite website that has grid lines?
Help for a devised piece in drama?
What is your fav Nicholas Sparks book? and why?
What is the meaning of life?
What did the Huns look like?
could somebody tell me facts about Stonehenge for my homework?
I've wrote, shot, edited a film, how do I publish it?
Help for a devised piece in drama?
odd glass vases, anyone know who made them?
Need help with choosing accompaniment for my dance piece!?
What statement is absolutely true?
If you could go back in time and tell yourself something what would that be?
How much of an impact did the White Rose Movement have on Hitler's reign?
GCSE Art theme \The Days of Your Life\?
Should one trust its instincts?
what should i do with my works?
What is the name of the song where a woman with red hair dances while various other versions of her dance?
Any ideas for a story about this poem - Mid Term Break by Seamus Heaney?
did you personally follow tutorials on how to get better at drawing?
How did Hitler get the Germans on his side?
what does high, low and sunken relief mean??
How do I understand art?!?
Why are african masks made of ivory, wood, iron etc?
Book about girl meeting boy ghost. Help me find the name.?
Is this a good character and conflict?
Feel Exhausted Writing?
What do you think of my writing? Constructive criticism VERY welcome!?
Anyone know what book this is? About a foster kid named Dallas? Young adult novel?
how to be happy and productive, how to make your life worth it?
Where i can read brothers conflict novels?
What happened to my guitar?
Don't you think simplicity is beautiful and it is close to reality ? Why ?
Roman Empire: How could slaves own their own slaves?
The significance of the village headman in the novel: 'Balzac and the Little Chinese Seamstress'?
Country's that invaded or ruled India?
why is Christopher Columbus celebrated yet Hitler is demonized?
which is the largest steel producers in europe?
Where to start with drawing artwork?
character names of panto heroines?
Some good dance colleges?
symbiosis mba(banking and finance) objectibve book?
How do I turn off TTL flash mode on my Nikon D5200?
Did many of the Axis countries reject the racism of Nazis?
help me! Why am i so mentally unstable? schizoaffective, histrionic, paranoid, narcissistic PDs?!?
I am reeding a monolog from A play about driving. So I was wondering If there are any websites with info.?
Book character name?? Please help?
why are italian forces of ww2 stated to be cowards?
Can you recommend a book where the girl had chosen the second guy not the first guy?
Why cant you write on your skin with a pencil?
Here is some poetry, give me your unfiltered thoughts please?
Do screenplays need paragraphs or separate sentences for each action?
Would you feel bad if the world was going to end because of something YOU did?
What are four interesting events that happened in World War Two?
Book that involved kid summoning a demon?
can someone help with history?
Where can I find Modern Dance classes in Singapore?
Does anyone else really like reading?
Could I use Canon 600exrt flash with Samsung nx300?
Which is easier to learn? A firebird leap? Or a jete?
i need a artist to draw me my futer tattoo, help?!?
Opinions on these names? I'm writing a story?
Do you think \we\ are all here to simply learn lessons?
Should you just do what you're told?
the cave drawings which have been found around the world which direction were they drawn in?
The best Opera songs of all the time?
why there has been a disagreement about stalin?
In what ways is The Book Thief by Markus Zusak unconventional compared to several mainstream novels?
Is success a mindset?
Paint tool SAI collapsing layers after closing and opening?
Why do people become addicted to \bad\ things?
My Fanfiction, Need help with a character?
How do you replace an actress? :/?
Name for a fictional demon lord?
Globe theatre acting facts?
who was the furry I need to know?
what was the habitat of a hypohippus?
How to make this less cliche without losing what I'm going for?
lord of the flies extract analysis?
Do you have to let go of ideas of how people are after time goes by?
I have been asked by my 57 year old aunt for comments. She is very high functioning autism?
Does ombre only apply to hair?
Any stories about bullying?
What is the word/name for?
Do you think when you are born there are already tasks for you to achieve and more to do?
If you had a planet of your very own, what would you call it? Would there be life?
What did the Northern Plains Indians do about dental care?
How to become a hip-hop dance instructor?
Can Someone Make Me A Logo?
is this to evil and disturbing to put in my book?
What is your short & sweet comments....?
how do I make these certain kinds of pictures?
I'm writing a book and I need an interesting hook for my main character's essay.?
How do I stretch extra large watercolor paper?
where are women looking for male escorts in columbus indiana?
Did anyone else see Bob Dylan's appearance in Inside Llewyn Davis as an innovative acting duty?
How to kill off my character's older brother?
Anything change after someone you know died?
How can I upload new, original templates into the program Family Tree Maker by Ancestry.com?
how to measure the human body?
How do you reduce image quality/resolution to make a high quality pic look like a cell phone pic?
Are purple and Violet the same thing?
why do we have to have patient?
Who do you prefer? Hemingway vs. Shakespeare?
what are these books called and where can i buy them?
What are some things I can do improve my drawing skills?
the tempest questions (act i)?
How do you reduce image quality/resolution to make a high quality pic look like a cell phone pic?
why was interracial relationship frowned upon or discriminated against in the civil war time?
What's a good title for my book?
What exactly is non-linear thinking?
can someone help me with my english home work (it's quick!) plz answer?
What does it mean for a literary character to be psychologized ?
Obsessed with a work of fiction?
How can you be more CREATIVE?
Whats love? is that a lie? why the world is so materialistic and relationships are based on money?
a good title for a vampire story?
Need picture of Columbia Heights rowhouses in the 1900s?
Someone translate this to Sindarin please?
Looking for commercial talent agencies in Los Angeles. Am indian origin?
Cute modern Greek girl names?
what is an aphelstever?
what are the top 12 events of canadian history since 1900 and 2012?
how many people born 07/31/1975?
Aware of the limit on your intelligence?
What did an ancient grain warehouse look like in the fertile crescent time period?
Sword Art Online Alicia Rue Where can you find doujinshi manga or 3D hentai for alicia rue?
Can i write a book using song lyrics?
what do you think of this photograph?
I need help with my story?
Has anybody written a book with less than 100 words?
help anyone i need help with a story?
What is a good monologue for a man (age range 17-25)?
what application is this?
If I buy an expensive camera and a lighting kit will I be able to take pro photos?
I need a creative idea for a video! Please help!?
book considered fiction or non-fiction?
Why was Scrooge visited by 3 spirits?
When we are searching for solutions, aren't the answers often in ourselves all the time?
Name of Book? Please help!?
How hard is it to get into Julliard?
What were the causes and results of the Scramble for Africa?
Help please! I'm lost. I don't know whether to complete a story as a novel, or to find a comic artist?
Do long arms and legs look good on camera?
Silence doesn't always mean that you have quit does it? It can also mean that you don't want?
Looking for name of painting?
help with legs for ballet?
if a tree falls in the forest and no one is around to here the thunderous crash, will it make a sound?
Where can I print out huge paper posters like Shepard Fairey ?
Should I self-publish? (AUTHORS PLEASE HELP!)?
What is that quote about being able to control your dream and then realizing that you can control your life?
Kid jumps off bridge after pulling his school fire alarm. Anyone know this book?
Do you like Sherlock Fanfiction?
What's the most important lesson in life?
What are some good scary stories?
am looking for a book name through the gates of hell?
WHAT IS FREEDOM?!?!?!?!?
Can I make a functional clay frying pan?
What should i draw around the peace symbol?
Can someone give me a few ideas on my story?
ActingAuditions.net or Casting-Call.us Legit?
What is special to you always?
More interesting books?
Drawing on photoshop help?
Victorian or Regency?
Can I use a family picture as my \Author pic\ on my published book or does it need to be solo?
Why is honesty important?
Which group was sent to both Nazi concentration camps and Soviet labor camps?
What happens after you sing up for Ancestry's free 14 day trial?
Who or what really runs the world?
Can writers improvise words without sounding like they forgot how to speak English?
what is your favourite poem?
Is Anti-Bullying a good platform?
I can't find a story.I need help?
What was one of the long-term consequences of the United States' use of atomic weapons during World War II?
Was alcatraz island prison really safe? Why did Alcatraz island close? and did they ever find the escaped pris?
anyone know what application she use to edit the photo?
At 18, is it more viable to get back into dance or start figure skating?
How To Become An Actress at 15?
Is my poem awful? I just wrote it for me but I want to know.?
Will Russian Pointes stretch out?
Is it worth upgrading from Tokina 11-16mm f2.8 to 16-28mm?
If you could be reborn, who's body would you choose to inhabit?
Solipsism at a Whole Knew Level?
What is your take of this quotation? Is it deep or unscientific/stupid?
Good Monologues Or Movie Scenes For One Woman?
Short, flirty monologues?!?
how much does thr backup dancers get payed?
How to make a main character with a dark past likeable?
Can someone do an art request for me?
what are nations or regions?
What are some oddball books which could be useful for writers?
Who were the significant inventors and what did they invent during the industrial revolution?
Would you read this Sci-Fi book?
Fan art ideas for ptv?
Need help with Mockingjay (book by Suzane Collins)?
What do you think of the painting?
Why does my dance teacher hate me?
whats the best book about tupac ?
What sounds worse? Mind boggling.?
Have you ever asked yourself why we are all going to experience the pain and fear of death while never knowing?
Where can I find a timeline of Blanche DuBois?
Ideas for an original story?
I have an idea for a story but I don't know if it's any good?
Are there any similarities between \Hunger game\ book to the other novels? (you have read)?
I need a creative plot?
Ballet: are you ever supposed to lift your hips when doing developpes/grand battements a la seconde?
do celebs who get books deals just for their name make as much as a celeb who actually writes a book?
Why was the Communist Party of China more popular than the Nationalist party (1930-1940)?
I can't remember the title of a book?
College life in the 70's or 80's?
where can I buy extension tubes for the canon 50mm 1.8 lens for macro photography.?
are there any websites that help figure drawing models find jops?
Need help on an autobiography?
What is your opinion on my poem?
Please help me with title ideas ?
Was the American Labor Movement Radical?
Do you HAVE to back polymer clay?
The Book Thief and Death's narration?
Kiss your life. Accept it. Just as it is. today.?
Is this title copywritten or is it okay to use in a different light?
Good title for a Vietnam war story?
I have a WH Lippioncott painting titled \Solid Comfort\can someone tell me what its worth?
Could Japan of beat Germany in WW2?
Is thinking creatively dangerous?
Everyday, one should have at least one exquisite moment?
I had skme kind of attack today while driving on the highway and I dont know what kind it was.?
Is 'Devil in the White City' a good book?
Do you support a free Tibet as an independent nation, and why or why not?
My photo lab discussed my photos with the whole store can they do this!?
title for a book. secret?
I need help finding book I read once...?
im 44 and love electronica and dance and 20 somethings women?
How to get rid of bulky thighs?
Names for a fictional country town?
When is it too late to start ballet?
What are some good books about demons?
With what groups or people did President Taft Ally?
Am I flexible? There's a pic :) please let me know if you think I am?
Is a 'tiny explosion' an oxymoron?
whats your favorite kind of art to do?
Help me I need a title for my story and what do u think of it?
Cheap 6 string acoustic guitar?
Should I wear a bra under my leotard?
how to write an acrostic poem for the word cooperation?
To Kill A Mockingbird: Examples of when Jem learns courage?
Is this a good picture?
How do you view the last name Kampff?
Is this a good picture?
Need Help To Find New Words For Fanfiction Scenes?
Can i use any acrylic paint to paint converse?
When was the last time you left technology behind?
What are some strengths in Tess of the d'Urbervilles?
What are some good books I should read?
What would happen if the Roman Empire never existed?
Y did the delegates at the Constitutional Convention think the Articles of Confederation needed to be replaced?
Does broadway allow random people to audition?
Can you help a writer out?
What is the capitalisms illustration??
Why didn't Dumbledore go in the past to kill Voldemort ?
Rain Overlay Site For Picture?
A random poem I did, any thoughts ?
Can adults fall for teens?
The Canterbury Tales by Geoffrey Chaucer?
want to start street jazz at 16?
Nikon or Canon. Which is better?
Would you take time to critique this piece?
Why do humans think they are so high and mighty that they can just take over the whole world?
How should my two main characters meet?
In Lord of the Flies, what exactly is Ralph saying here....?
Need help with a story problem!?
Talent agency help. Resume's?
Ideas for easy drawings but that look hard?
What ordinary items were once considered luxury that are now ordinary today?
Do girls like when guys play accoustic or electric guitar?
new character, needs to be hybrid in a wattpad book?
Good or bad can you critique on this piece ?
what artist or piece of artwork compares to me?
To Kill A Mockingbird: Examples of when Jem learns true courage?
What are some sad books?
Are these glass figurines antique?
Are these glass figurines antique?
Amitripyline kicking in should I take more?
Please rate my painting.?
can you live off of strip dancing.?
How do I make my drawings look less flat?
Critique on this piece for me please.?
i need to write a childred's book about nutrition but I don't have a topic any ideas?
Could I get into sab?
Please critique on this piece for me?
what dance costume would look good with the song story out my life?
Why do India and Pakistan hate each others, but not Bangladesh?
What fantasy adventure book should I read?
how to set hdr in fujitsu x10?
How did geography had an impact on how people lived and developed?
where can i find a web site to read books for free?
How Was the Butler Act An Infringement of Our Rights?
Criticism and opinions?
How to spin a pen on finger?
Lyrical song for a solo?
\Sonnet 198\ Are your memories seeping into your dreams? Care to C/C?
Enlgish Paint Tool SAI download?
Can anyone help me find the original?
Does this story idea sound good? Does it interest any of you or make you want to read it?
the theme of the secret life of Walter Mitty short storie?
Story of The REWARD of KINDNESS?
Need some creativity!?
what kinds of ordinary day/night jobs are good for writers?
Wat is the age major age female?
Can you travel with a major in philosophy?
Summary of the battle of vincennes?
Does anybody out there know how to use BLENDER!!!?
Purpose and Parts of Clay's American System?
pls guys tell me any good teenage sad movie <3?
How did you became a opera singer during Victorian era?
What happends in Richard II (also how do I learn to love shakespeare)?
Using other ideas for my own writing?
Did Tolkien ever mention fairies or pixies in any of his books?
Will I forever be alone in this world?
Who takes care of child actors on set?
What's everyone afraid of?
what was the participation of government by the people from 1154-1295?
What does it mean when people closest to you act like you asking for help is a burden?
In what way did the federal government impact the economy of the American public in response to World War II?
How would this story idea of mythical creatures sound?
POLL: What are your pet peeves in fanfiction?
I'm Mexican but my last name is of scottish origin?
\Professions for Women\ by Woolf, what is \The Angel in the House\?
how can I edit my pictures like this backgrounds?
History project question ?
What would be a good artistic representation of my poem?
Auditioning for Pastorini Bosby Talent Agency?
Any Really good Spy books out there?(HAVE Read Alex Rider, Ender, Cherub series) Just spam books :D Thanks?
What was a significant result of the end of World War I?
Why did the art community disapprove of the works of Thomas Kinkade?
Artist Referencing help?
is a book worth reading if you know the ending?
Authors! Emotional attachment to characters?
I can't decide between two possible beginning scenarios?
using other ideas for my own writing?
How much native do I have in me?
Creating a fake country, name help or suggestions?
tips for drawing people? or drawing anything?
Advice text?? HELP!!!!?
Why do extroverts constantly think introverts are being rude? Are they so insecure?
Pop-Art. Please help!?
Why are older actors always casted to play teenagers in movies and shows?
What book series is as good/better than Harry Potter?
Need help finding photographers to recreate their work? (10 points)?
How to photoshop this picture 10 POINTS HELP??
I am dance teacher i have a dance school so how to registered my school in assam?
Is The Hunger Games overrated?
HIGH SCHOOL POMS HELP!?
can i hand write my comics/graphic novels?
What were the reasons for US involvement in Vietnam under Eisenhower?
Is there a novel where the characters own Weimaraners?
A regular hexagon has been drawn on a piece of paper.?
Were there any hippies who became yuppies?
How does finally living your dream or reaching your dream feel like?
last name of friends-Martexa UK?
Free will vs the laws of nature?
What are the 1789 revolutionaries desires for the French Revolution ?
Pop-Art. Please help.?
Does this sound lke a good idea for a book?
How drastic would this affect humans?
Rate my anime / manga drawings 1-10?
Why is the Twilight series so hated on?
Would WW2 happen if there wasn't jews in Europe?
How do you change life when there is no resource?
When you just keep going, even though you're tired, what do you realize or experience from this?
Any Good Female Duets?
How was the steam engine used in manufacturing and mining?
Even with chains on your feet, on a snowy hike, you slip a little at every step...?
What is your least favorite classical book?
how did women deal with their period back then when there were no pads?
Looking for story feed for my story on wattpad?
what is the point of life, your opinion?
Surname for a supernatural-obsessed teacher??
Do you mind if I trouble you with my mundane problems since I have no friends to talk to?
How Do People Make Those Instagram a Sport Edits?
Where is the ancient Egyptian port of Kebny?
How can my three-piece rock band perform a good acoustic show?
I just got a wacom cintiq 13 hd, how do I hook it up to my mac desktop that doesnt have an hdmi port?
Need 4 ww2 technological developments beside these! Please help?
What is this custom camera profile VSCO Film for ACR processing?
how to become a child actror?
what is the history of the diabtes and its emergence and occurrence?
Exposition rising action etc?
What is the meaning of life?
How did the parents react to romeo and juliet's death?
Is this prose any good, called \Blank Cartridge\ critique please and thank you?
What did the B&O Railroad Company think about the Railroad Strike of 1877?
In what ways did the Civil War impact the transformation of America?
Why no one wants to be my friend? Will you be my friend?
what is the thing that makes a conflict good and entertaining?
Is it normal to take for granted things that come too easy and is in abundance?
Can someone draw for me or can you show me a website that can?
How can I become an actor if i'm home schooled?
why everythign makes sense better when you are drunk?
Why did China become more vulnerable to foreign influence in the 1800s?
Drummers: Has anyone ever complained about you playing/practicing?
How free is free will?
Please let me know what you think ....?
What questions about Viking exploration remain unanswered by current archaeological evidence?
What is the name of this font?
i am planning to write a book involving a main character who is insane/crazy and need help with research?
What is a good electric engraver for doing some simple small river and beach stone carving and engraving?.?
how come quizing yourself is the only way to test knowledge about something?
Are Taking Photos Of Somone Illegal?
In Dead Poets Society was Mr. Keating more important than his teaching or the school?
Fleshing out this idea...what do you think?
Empire after Ottoman Empire?
Memorizing a poem for school?
What are some good Drawing books?
Looking different in photos?
Multiple devised spirit-body universes?
Upbeat one minute monologue?
Where homosexuals persecuted by the Nazi ragime ?
What anime is this from??http://www.roflism.net/when-guys-see-a-hot-girl/?
Do I need to start a band now, if ever?
Are there any instruments that have the exact same fingering that a clarinet does?
What do you think of my Teen Fiction so far?
Is having to eat the major problem with being a human body?
How do you become an actress?
Does anyone know the name of this paintig ?
If you could learn one secret, any secret, what would it be?
Can you guys look at this paper and tell me what you think?
Is there a victory when two sides are equally right, but oppose each other?
What were some of the thing George Washington talked about in his final speech-address?
what is it called when you start a story unchronologically?
What caused the 70's gas shortage?
What did Germany spend the American loan from the Dawes Plan on?
How can you get someone to see if they refuse to open their eyes?
why have my poems or attempts at poems been being deleted?
When in history did the tradition of having wedding ceremonies and funeral ceremonies start?
How does 1 john apply to your life?
What 5 things did George Washington say in his farewell address?
where did I'd bracelet s come from?
How do people make those Instagram sports edits?
I'm writing a play I'm not going to publish it but how is it?
Speech To be human is to discuss?
What would have been different about the Victorian Era had the steam engine not been applied to technology?
I don't think i want to live anymore?
what are some topics relating to, To Kill a Mockingbird?
What are some cool ideas for an independent study project?
How can I sort people in my story?
Can you become an actor through College without majoring in Drama and doing Economy instead?
I need ideas for making a meme?
Am I good enough at ballet?
According to Hegel's dialectic, isn't Christianity supposed to be?
Feedback on this drawing i drew?
How to get over writers block quickly?
Was this 30 seconds spent well? Please critique this poetic piece?
This philosopher asserted that true learning comes from within and is a process of recollecting universal.....?
Genderbending a Shakespeare monologue for auditions?
Best high gain tube amp?
This philosophical concept associated with Plato affirms that Parmenides and Heraclitus were both partially...?
where can I find a book summary for end of days by eric walters?
Good title ideas for my story?
What is meant by someones intellectual needs?
Is this safe? Please tell me someone.?
I need an easy song to memorize?
last name friend-Martexa UK?
Why is this SITE…………..?
A good documentation about vlad the impaler?
What Angel Made The indent And Why?
I need some anime shows to watch?
What to do to break out of theatre and get into film?
how popular are Sony DSLR's among pros?
Good names for girls?
Help please! I'm lost. I don't know weather to complete a story as a novel, or to find a comic artist?
Good Names For book characters?
Looking for a poem about friendship-- I'll give you this tea cup\.?
Can someone's true personality be hidden /unexposed/suppressed all along?
Hypothetical; if the United States invaded Canada?
Can I have two kindle fires with the same account registered on both devices?
What religion were the English during the Hundred Years' War?
Can you get an external power pack for a Yongnuo speedlight?
How can I combine 12 photos of my daughters 12 months growth in a picture 4 free so I can post it on fb?
Good website/tumblr to help me come up with character outfits?
what were technology/weapon developments ww2 1939-1945?
What values does Artemis Fowl show?
Jack reacher books by Lee Child?
How to prevent flat cold porcelain pieces from warping when drying?
What is a good title for the story I'm writing? Help is appreciated!?
i paid for two cemetery plots?
Name ideas for my character(female)?
trying to find indian ancestry?
How do i get into a band?
Could you please help me with comparing The Odyssey to Oh Brother Where art thou?
As a reader, would you prefer the novel to start off calm/slow or would you prefer instant action/drama?
If you could go back in time and shoot Adolf Hitler or Thomas Edison, who would you shoot?
Will or can I dance? I need to learn?
How to do a back walkover? (By Myself)?
Free books for my Kobo?
How important is build quality in a DSLR?
Which of these come first, pre press, on press, or finishing?
How could I build a small revolutionary store for a project?
what do u think is the most important step in promblem solving?
What is that drawing that they do in animes when 2 people like have a crush on each other?
Has anyone read \Being and Time\ by Heidegger?
What songs can I dance to for contemporary dancing?
What do you think of my first attempt at poetry?
Should i buy a camcorder as well a DSLR?
Plato's \Allegory of the Cave\ movement?
what can one do with a PHD in philosophy?
help! organized crime during prohibition?
How can I remove hot glue from faux fur?
Looking for a good adult fiction book?
How to be an actress and model?
What is a paragraph or 2 in the hunger games that connects to the world?
Any information on this painting?
Getting into school Orchestra?
gessoed panels have mold or mildew on them. can I use them anyway?
Why do humans hold onto life so fiercely when it is going to end inevitably.?
Does this poem sound ok or does it need something?
What monologue would be best for a community theatre audition?
Poem thoughts on theme?
Should I read Harry Potter or Percy Jackson first?
Some story help... (will answer your qs as well)?
Can I use a facebook, twitter and youtube logos at the back of my book cover?
Can someone draw my fursona?
How to write a Good story that includes a bet?
One of the most successful New Deal programs for farmers and southern communities as a whole was:?
How to start my 'chapter one'?
How much do you reckon I could sell this painting for?
How does one reduce the size of a photo from say 5MB to 100K?
Hobbit Quotes: Bilbo and Smaug?
I need your opinions, please?
how does the sonnet form affect the content of the poem ?
how poems have to look like?
Can someone help give me advice, tips, and maybe even help me come up with an amazing title for my story?
What do you think of this story so far?
I need to learn a movement of a violin concerto in 3 weeks...HELP!!?
Help Me! What Do Normal People Wear To Opera ?
how did the stamp act influence history?
what is you opinion about the subject of compassion towards animals?
What is a good name for the son of a French count in 18th century?
Good Books for a Teen Gal?
\Power and cower\ please critique my poem?
If we learn from our mistakes, why are we always so afraid to make a mistake?
Name a fantasy desert continent?
Whats your idea of a Utopian Empire?
What dance is this called and what site can I go on to learn it ?
Whats your idea of a Utopian Empire?
Were the crusades justified?
Is the World a Harsh world?
What is the point in Hitchhikers guide to the galaxy?
\best\ way to act?
I can't think of a title for my novel?
Do all biker dudes play the electric guitar?
can an acoustic high e string go on a electric guitar?
What are the correct order of these battles?
Dystopian novels and YA books?
Fragments of books reffering to ships as \she\?
do you think the ringwraiths were inept at trying to catch frodo?
How is my writing please be honest?
Really exciting love stories for Wattpad?
Is it likely that soon well be able to start out will dead or inorganic matter and create a living organism?
By the time Europeans had begun serious exploration and settlement of the Northeast,?
Where can I find a monologue?
Would my main character (Harry Potter fanfiction) be considered a pure blood or muggle born?
Should I make a facebook page based on my thoughts?
i need help with a few william shakespear MCQs?
What monlogue would be best for a community theatre audition?
Would you agree with this statement?
Can i ship a CAN in the mail?
who is Michael the Archangel?
Information on egyptian art?
Book report at school need help!!?
Where can I become an actress in movies? I live far for L.A. And New York... Can I make an audition tape?
the Missouri compromise caused many white southern to?
Why.................?
Can you recommend some great books?
what literary device is used in this poem?
HELP! GCSE ART FINAL PIECE!?
Is it perfectly legal to take photos of anyone in a public place ?
Does my novel sound interesting?
Are there any famous actors who don't use Method acting?
Who are Chagatai Turks? Which place is the Origin of Chagatai Turks?
Give me your story prompts!?
Some examples of 2nd person narration, please?
Can you read my story on Wattpad and tell me what you think of it, please?
Dialogue questions in a story...?
What was the invisible border between Maryland and Pennsylvania?
What is your favourite moment in \Divergent\?
how can Anarchism (in first Red Scare) have even been a threat to US society ?!?
Why do some people take non-judgmental questions on here so personally?
Why did the Spanish Colonize early America?
Writing a story, characters relations question, help?
How can I feel the urge to pee and start dancing around like there's ants in my pants?
Is this too cliche to write about?
How do become a voice actor?
How to get this washed out effect?
Help writing this scene?
What is a properly basic belief?
how would this person be related to me?
did the byzanties(germans)help the eastern roman empire in the barbarian attacks?
What are some creative things to put into my journal?
How do improve my turn out in ballet?
What is a art organisation and what do they do?
I need some help, please!?
How to draw air? (not wind or clouds, or anything like that; just air)?
Parents are ruining my dreams?(10 points)?
a new seemingly more democratic method of nominating presidential candidates was?
Is it true that Benjamin Franklin and other founding fathers were racist?
cost to summit a book?
Is love perfect to you, or does it have flaws?
Lord of the Flies: Why is this story set where it is?
what was the initial cause of the stamp act?
What feedback do you have for these photos?
Musical audition songs?
what do you think of my first poem ever?
When was my flute made?
Ideas for a Gatsby themed gift?
Nude photoshoot questions?
Where to begin tracing my geneaology?
Effects of the Cold War on Canada?
Where did Operation Valkyrie take place, and why did it start?
How to be happy with a small part in a show?
How to gain flexibility?
Do you ever regret your honesty? Your honest critiques please?
Help! What if I don't like the variations I've been given?
Does this souf like a good book?
What could I do for work experience?
Compare Current events of the United States to The Hunger Games Trilogy?
which brand rights do book publishers usually keep and which does an author usually keep?
What happened to people who had strokes back in ancient times?
Where can I get a shirtless cardboard cutout of Channing Tatum?
Which do you think would be better? A ballet company with a commitment or?
What Are Some Good Character Names?
Joffrey ballet Chicago summer intensive audition?
Why do you enjoy reading so much?
i need a monologue from a published play?
What do you think would happen if, hypothetically, you felt all of the pain in the world for just one second?
When did indoor gardening first start?
How is Marsilius of Padu the founder of conciliarism?
Neil Gaiman Quote from the book Coraline.. What page?!?
Which is best book for ntse?
Information on the june rebellion in France?
What do you do when everything you have tried in your life has failed?
Can you offer insite on Marsilius of Padu and Defender of the Peace?
What do you think of this quote. Realistic or pessimistic? Both?
So You Think You Can Dance?
I got a reason to smile its you meaning?
What's the point of human existence on Earth?
How to be confident photographing in public ?
What is your opinion about my story? (10 points)?
how long have khanjars and jambiyas with curved blades been around?
what are the main principles of the Equality Act 2010?
How can you come up with a Chord for standard tuning?
Can I learn Modern Dance by myself?
How do herbivore animals get necessary salt for their bodies?
How much is my royal doulton figurine worth?
Do actors get to spend much time at home?
Which last name is the LEAST Asian?
Can you help me add a closing couplet to this poem about God?
My own divergent faction??????
Brazilians can do auditions for Disney Channel sitcoms?
What do you think of people dying of cancer but making their cancer worse by smoking cigarettes?
What's a decent film camera.?
I need a publisher to publish a child author?
what would be the elizabethan view of an unmarried man?
i need some Art exam ideas?
I imagine things right before they happen? Does anyone else get this?
Where can i blow up photos? Permanent paint?
What are some werewolf and vampire fantasy books that are captivating when reading?
I have 23 Norman Rockwell figurine made of bone china and made by Gorham they are all retired could you give m?
why is the Mona Lisa so famous?
What does this quote mean?
How do you relax and cope with boredom?
Do you continue reading if?
Do people accept evolution because of the following factors?
What are some good unaccompanied pieces for flute with contrasting movements?
my father is sr.me is jr.what is the next name of my son is it 2nd or 3rd.?
Good album to base story around?
What are good book suggestions?
Why am i adoring one direction ?
losing the passion for art?
What was the largest empire in the history of the world?
What is a good entry words for a fantasy love story ? that will attract readers?
How much is internet a part of daily life now... compared to even two years ago?
Feeling extreme suicidal thoughts.?
What are good books to read for teenage girls?
Can anyone tell me about the invasion of Grenada aka Operation Urgent Fury?
Book for 16 year old boy?
HELP! POETRY!-\IF\ By Rudyard Kipling?
What should I read next?
Can someone critique a story I'm writing?
What am i English or Scottish?
Would you continue reading?
Best books/sources of information about general knowledge such as history, etc.?
Hey people Photographers Help please?
What are some quotes that you live by?
Being an electrical student can i do internship on fine arts and sketching which is my passion and interest.?
Would anyone mind reading my story and sharing?
hi! do you know any books like \if I stay\ by Gayle Forman?
Which Idea/Plot for my novel is better? What's your opinion of these ideas?
I am looking for a new book/ interesting authors according to these movies/series?
What is the cool old hotel mentioned in the Gilda Joyce Washington book?
This one is for Photographers!?
Are you growing older gracefully... or disgracefully?
I dunno how to title a chapter of my story?
What's the point of legalizing marijuana?
I am looking for a new book/ interesting authors according to these movies/series?
Has not the mind/brain debate been solved, since we now routinely perform brain surgery to fix cognitive probs?
Do you think my Instagram is themed?
Can I improve this piece? Critique please.?
Do ballpoint pens dry out over time?
How many students are there in Hogwarts?
Help? What's your opinion about this?
Help me with my book title?
How many books has Game of Thrones ?
Need ideas for names for characters in my book!!!?
Whats a good title for this story plot?
Would you read this? Is my storyline good?
Can someone help me with this please?
Can I have an analysis of 'Telephone Conversation' by Wole Soyinka?
Can you thicken epoxy with a consistency close to clay?
What is an emotion, what counts and what doesnt?
How to get better arches in ballet?
Ballet Summer Intensive Audition?
Humorous phrases for announcing an award.?
Multi coating lens(Specs)?
An A4 size magazine is not printed on A4 paper. Explain in as much detail as you can why this is done.?
This woman behind the Pharaoh Ramesses is of what ethnicity?
Can anybody help me with a creative name for a book of poetry?
If death is an unescapable fate, why bother killing each other?
What's so great about life?
I need a good book to read?
Ariel Sharon died,What do you think about him ?
Act of Utilitarianism?
Would this story line make sense?
When you think of a vampire, what kind of person do you think of?
Music Harmony baroque dance assignment, i need infor on these dances :allemande, courante, sarabande, gigue?
Why did the discoveries of the renaissance have such limited impact on the understanding of treatment?
What guitar did Richie Sambora use for the acoustic parts in 'Wanted Dead Or Alive'?
Advice on portfolio for career?
Is this monologue any good for an audition?
Is it true that Stalin treated his subordinates worse than Hitler?
How much more is there than meets the eye, in you?
Home theatre question?
long videos with a DSLR?
why is life not fair?
How far into a story should you reveal your characters goals?
Your suggestions for improving this first draft please?
Artists who use fragments?
Books that read like watching a movie?
I want to know my ancestry.?
What happens when you open the polaroid film slot?
When you give attention to the insignificant things in this life, aren't?
how to draw better ? like how to draw anime good and what pencils use?
What did Hitler think about Assyrians?
What things do you like/want, but don't/can't find often?
When did the secondary products revolution end?
There are no enemies in Of Mice and Men. Discuss. Please help anybody this is an exam question!?
What foods and drinks did children have in Germany in the late 19th century?
Is there are nurturing ballet school where I don't have to commit in Suffolk NY?
History dissertation ideas please?
I'm looking for uncommon beautiful girl names?
are we so different to animals?
Looking for good non-fiction historical books?
how to get highest marks in history in boards 2014?
What is this called in the picture?
Why does this thing happen to me ? Am i that bad?
who to write prokect work?
Is there a book almost similar to the anime Magi?
a shovel ......... into the dirt?
Walt Disney films and books?
Might H. H. Holmes have been Jack The Ripper?
Where can I buy cheap polymer clay online ?
Is information knowledge?
What makes a good artist?
Do you think President Roosevelt was assassinated?
Why does Malta have a Prime Minister?
where do you see yourself in 5 years time?
i want to know about computer graphics & animation course.i m graduate in arts?
Why do Crusaders killed Native Anatolian muslim?
I am writing a fiction novel on Bad politics and crime. Can I use the real name of my Country?
What is the attraction in studying art, music and literature knowing that you bear no contribution to society?
Which beginning do you prefer for my novella?
Any good books to read as good as harry potter ?
Is it only me or does this happen to you?
we were asked to make a costume?
How do I think of a new book idea?
Where to download Veneto Handwriting Pro font for free?
Today China revealed evidences of Unit731, Nanjing Massacre and Comfort Women?
Find joy in each day and what it brings?
What type of paint I need to achieve this look?
Blaxploitation Story Ideas?
What macro lens for my project?
Question about Buddhist history................?
Is this a piece of text a poem?
Where is the best place to buy art online?
What company made Bond Ware L&M ceramic,porcelain kitchenware?
What happens if an actor on a sitcom is too ill to go on?
In trouble!! Need serious photoshop !!?
what is the theme of this poem?
What's keeping you from getting in touch with your deepest emotions?
Is there a sixth book in the lorien legacies?
body in pain after dance?
Was Austria really first victim of Hitler?
Question about reading. Tips?
Why do we learn about the French Revolution?
What was Napoleon's downfall?
The philosopher Roussian said \man is born free and everywhere he is in chains\ agree?
Why would anyone ever advocate for peace?
Why was Thomas Becket killed then later canonized?
Do you know this artist from the 70's?
Was the attack on Pearl Harbour the greatest surprise attack of WWII?
describe thecontribution of atleast four prominent ladies who played pirotal roles in the life of booker t was?
It is important please answer.?
Safe in the city?..........or just an illusion?
how to thicken face paint?
why did the KMT turn against the CCP?
show based on ancient ways to punish people.?
What was a main outcome of the Adams-Onis Treaty?
Readers of YA fiction: Is this too unrealistic / Mary Sue for you?
how old are the characters at he end of house of Hades?
Poems by Lang Leav that are non-romantic?
Ideas for my Teen Romance Book?
which picture do you like best?
Good photo editing apps?
How diluted is theHawaiian bloodline?
What was the main idea of the Monroe Doctrine?
What is the medicine of Mayan civilization, Inca civilization, and aztec civilization?
History: How close were the Philippines and Puerto Rico to becoming U.S. states?
Am i a 90's kid or a 2000s kid?
we do say appearances are often deceptive,but we continue to judge a book by its appearance why is that??
Was Combodian Genocide worse than Holocaust?
how has Jean Paul Sartre's viewpoint influence Western culture?
What happend............?
do you have high expectations for this year?
I plan on auditioning for The Voice. Should I buy a Credit Card?
Help me out in this story pls! :)?
Russian \Silent\ Submarine in US Waters? Really?
what type of talents impress you the most?
Is aggressive nature symbol of success in life? Why or why not?
What book am I thinking of?
Was World War III about to start?
In the Soviet Union, what were the policies on travelling abroad?
is there a way i can get my physical books into ebooks?
Can anyone give 2 monologues?
In old portrait paintings, why did men point their fingers?
can glass paint be used on surfaces other then glass?
Cosplay help please? sorry if it doesn't make sense?
what type of dance should i join?
What is the second Hunger Games book about?
Were members of the early Masonic Lodge pro-slavery?
What is a good way to preserve my art work?
help finding name of this model in picture?
philosophy question, can someone plz summarize a complicated concept into a simple one?
What are we living for?
I need help with supernatural powers for my twilight fanfic please anything works thanks :-D?
can i use martha stewart glitter glass paint on a surface other then glass?
I don't know how to get started with acting.?
I don't know how to get started with acting.?
Is this a good idea? Title suggestions?
5s principles of management?
Is this audition song overdone??
had gotten the last book of the bartimaeus trilogy just want to know if the whole series is any good ?
Ancestory DNA Test Or Family Tree DNA ?
This was on the Internet. Is the future of the world doomed to be filled with lazy gamers?
Is everything infinitely small and infinitely big at the same time?
Which is the cooler title?
Who are your quiet angels? How do you know they are there?
What's an animal that is small, but not too small, and can run fast?
How do you get really good at an instrument?
Find an acting audition?
Which is the best chemistry book for class-11?
Please read my story?
Is it possible to find information on a relative with just a picture?
How is the book The Host movie compared to the book?
US History essay help on Civil War?
Knowledge that is useful in everyday life?
Book recommendations?
I am writing character but here is where I fall short?
What's the purpose of life?
Is there anyone you see as perfect?
Did the US help countries after WW2? Did they help other countries through the UN?
How many Books of shadows may be made and used.in a lifetime?.?
Did Napoleon conquer for a higher purpose or for his own glory?
What are icons(?) or happiness or the search for happiness?
Is it possible people with learning disabilites to become actors?
Should the fact Napoleon became emperor by support of the people affect how we judge him as tyrant?
Who on here likes to read Fan Fiction?
I have a black and gold painting signed Manhattan 11 de Bride, anyone know who this artist is?
Is it humane to expedite the expiration of boring animals?
Book Recommendations?
Are all conquerors tyrants? Are some heroes?
I have a black and gold painting signed Manhattan 11 de Bride, anyone know who this artist is?
Where can one get pre-printed paper for binding a book?
I have a black and gold painting signed Manhattan 11 de Bride, anyone know who this artist is?
Is logic and truth more important than anything?
How to describe someone bored in class?
How to describe someone bored in class?
Looking For a book to read?
What books are like Ruining Me, Wait for You, and the Coincidence of Callie and Kayden?
Why does everyone in this section love divergent and the hunger games?
Anyone know of a website where I can get a good deal on fursuit parts?
In your opinion, what is morality?
What does it truly mean to love someone? Think about yourself?
creative title for a poster about myself?
Trying to decide on an art school?
How can I develop this book idea?
where can i download this book Genetic Analysis: An Integrated Approach Plus Masteringgenetic?
How to start a teacher/student romance on wattpad?
What should I write about?
I want to make the varsity cheer team !!?
Why does everyone want the world to be just like them?
Good personalities for book characters?
What is your opinion on life?
Why is it bad to care what others thinks of you?
An opinion please. Human rights and freedom?
Why do North Korean propagandists still suck at Photoshopping and Video Effects?
Am I just deluding myself?
A Good Young Adult Book/Series?
Is Dmt a life changing pyschadellic?
Would you buy this painting and for how much ?
What are you thankful for each day?
Can anyone explain this picture to me?
If writing is subjective, what exactly makes a book well-written?
Does anyone know a good comic male monologue?
Is anything true for all people? Is everything morally relative?
Is this a good idea for a book?
Stage fright ?????????
what will you do if you have only 24 hrs to enjoy your life in this world?
What are ballet summer intensive auditions generally like?
How to avoid being self-dissappointed?
How much do you think I could sell this painting for ?
Question about fan fiction?
Lyrical or modern dance?
Can someone explain this part of the House of Hades to me?
Is death better than living if you live in poverty?
What is the saddest love story you have ever read?
Really good scary books to read????
i want some short good english poems?
impossible Polaroid film not developing.?
Need advice on acting career?
i was birth in Germany my mom in dad was in the army but did not send my information to the usa what can i do?
Is this something new? Is it good?
Antagonist in the book Sixteen And Dying by Lurlene McDaniel?
\Men may come, men may go, but I go on forever.\?
How asymmetrical does my face look?
How is germany able to fight large countries at once?
What page number in Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is the stair-slide scene?
Any unique name for book characters?
Did Slaves in Antebellum South Ever Commit Suicide?
How do YOU think the world will end? All answers accepted!!?
Do you think people who keep diaries or journals are foolish or asking for trouble?
Need a monolouge for an audition quick!?
What are ways to develop a good plot and end a novel well?
How do you write a murder mystery?
Padded gig bag or hard case for acoustic guitar?
What are some good things to draw with sharpie for tweens?
Do you use character charts?
I'm 18, is it too late for me to learn to dance?
what do you think of my drawing? (PICS)?
Critique and suggestions for my poem?
Please help find BROADWAY Little Mermaid Part of Your World?
Would you think less of me if I worked as a sorter in a nut company?
is this story good so far(please don't correct grammar)?
What word means protection?
what are the pros and cons of being an Art Therapist?
Did Lincoln and Douglas reach an agreement on slavery?
I have written a poem, and I would like some opinions.?
Should I use Epiphone SG Standard Pro or Fender Modern Player Telecaster Plus?
My sister is trying to steal my career by doing acting as well!?
How would I describe someone unhappy in a story setting?
Do you think it is the lunatics that are running the asylum?
Sherlock related name for my car?
When does one knows one has finally learned to love?
What was one result of Abraham Lincoln's debates with Stephen Douglas?
What lens should I take on vacation?
Famous Renaissance women? between 1200AD - 1499AD?
Nickname for my character?
What's the best fiction series to read if I want to make my brain shut down completely?
Names for story characters?
What are some books for teens about Greek mythology?
is it possible to make a wind instrument out of crayola air dry clay?
Does anyone have any information on Zachariah Bowman? He was born around 1907 in Patrick County, VA?
who was Rebecca Carter ?
Knowledge without communication skill is futile. is it true ? if yes can you tell me how is it possible?
What is a current event that involves revenge?
What are some good teen books?
I haven't played clarinet in a year and now...?
What is the relationship between communication skill and knowledge?
When/why did using common names become poisonous?
How can the 13 states defeat British Empire in the Independent War?
Why did Christopher Hitchens hate the Austrians?
am i destin to be famous?
Can I use real town names in my fictional story?
Absurd art reflecting today's society help?
Why didn't America help during the French Revolutionary War?
Question about poetry?
Draco Malfoy's character?
How to come up with an awesome dance routine?
Help on a backstory on a oc?
How to come up with an awesome dance routine?
What are your thoughts on this quote?
what does it mean when a user puts another user's username in parentheses like ((((so-and-so))))?
need help with a catchy name for painting antiques.?
I am looking for a single book or two that has all the primary sources about/by Anne Boleyn and ElizabethTudor?
Is it possible to get back inside of myself?
Do camera exist in the 1700s ?
Can you get in trouble for saying a team name in a story?
How many hours do professional dancers/ballerinas stretch and when?
How many hours do you stretch a day?
Is visual arts and graphic design the same?
Does anyone know a good book I can read?
What's the difference between Classic Sindarin and Sindarin in J.R.R. Tolkien's works?
I need help with my story?
Would anyone know what book I'm talking about?
am the only one who feels this way?
Would you like to be a sociopath?
How do you react emotionally, when your confident that God will see you through a crisis?
What do Americans think about American Civil War?
What does this poem mean?
How's this for a poem (bad?)?
A good High School Play?
What does this symbolize?
How did U.S. engagement in imperialism effect its relationship with other nations?
How did the ideology of slavery and the suppression of African Americans remain in the South after the CW?
Why did Beethoven say \Music is a higher revelation than all wisdom and philosophy\?
What causes insecurity?
How does joseph plumb martin develop over the course of the American Revolution?
Do you compare notes with your own philosophy sometimes?
How does an author make money off of their self-published e-book?
Why is the smallpox outbreak devastating for Washington’s army and not for George Washington himself?
Did Nazis Regime really land the moon on the back side when defeated in 1945?
In a census record the location is Yorkshire Cerley Misserton. Any idea what cerley misserton means?
a good title to my poem?
Identify three actions that Baron Von Steuben takes in training the militias into a highly skilled corp of off?
I am looking for an online auction website so I can sell some of my digital art work.?
Explain how what strategies enable Washington to ultimately win the revolutionary war.?
I feel like there isnt enough time in my life to accomplish what i want to accomplish?
What is this type of dance called?
Who looks more ignorant? Those who claim to know? Or those who ask to know?
Is it good to be principled and hold strongly to your own morals and code of ethics?
Why does life suck but people just love how it is?
How to become a background actor after so many failed attempts?
Why doesn't Bilbo tell Gandalf about the Ring?
Whats a good story name for my story?
How do i make myself be cool?
How to edit my pictures like these account's pictures?
Is it worth it for me to go back to ballet? I'm 15 and live in Suffolk NY.?
How do i get my image to fit in the box on Adobe Illustrator?
Feedback on my poem please?
I need a really good Teen Fiction to do a book report on?
What animal should I make?
Can you play heavy metal on any electric guitar as long it has hummbuckers?
Getting into acting question...?
How many of you still worry about the length of your story?
Help with my ancestry? My last name is very foreign.?
The best way to record electric and acoustic guitar?
What are some good criticisms of Ayn Rand?
Opinions on my poem (please)?
I am having exitencial problem?
Naming my son Demons' Bane?
What is a Lumber Baron and what are there roles?
What to do about attacking certain text?
Chinese found evidences of comfort women and Nanjing Massacre?
I am 14 and I want to start a music career?
What makes a person hard hearted?
Best filter for daytime long exposure?
What's the point of love?
Can I go en pointe with flat feet?
What do you think of this story im writing?
Was James Buchanan an unsuccessful US president and did he escalate the problems that led to the Civil War?
Can one believe in reincarnation and God simultaneously?
I am wanting to trace my roots from my father's side, is it possible with DNA testing?
Which of these thirteen names fit the character best?
Japanese Feudalism vs European Feudalism?
Parthian and Sassanid Feudalism vs European Feudalism?
Is this any good??????
If the Earth can speak, what would it say?
Could you critique on this piece for me?
The elvish word for fellowship?
Is this a good anwer to give God on judgment day ?
what nationality am i?
Writing A journal! HELP?!?!?
Is beauty really in the eyes of the beholder?
Is 10 Years Too Old To Start Dancing?
What's this quote mean?
How can I become an interior designer?
I need a title for my book?
All that avails is flight, what does this mean?
Name of a book i read when i was a kid (Time thief)?
Know any good ways on making texture in art?
I am playing Gilbert in Hairspray, What does he do & Does he have any lines?
What is this a picture of?
Should I get a 4 year acting degree to become a mall santa?
Still can't do a toe touch?
The will of the people is righteous in all things but when it infringes the peoples liberty, do you agree?
Tips on henna for prom?
Does Four/Tobias get shot in the ear in Insurgent?
A book you fill to get to know yourself?
\That it is the chief end of man here to 'glorify God and enjoy him forever'\ meaning?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
What Hogwarts house would I be in?
Can ancestry work for me if my family is foreign?
throat issues while singing?
what do you think of this story plot?
Does anyone know the names of orphages operated in Trois Rivieres in the 20's?
Justification for the French Revolution?
When does the third book in the White Rabbit Chronicles come out?
What is the title of this painting?
John Hopkins University?
Can you describe the theme of this piece?
Dim light photography help! Urgent!?
Book about gay teen and corrupt angels??
Can someone from an upper class background (in your opinion) be as interesting a writer as?
Should my characters have sex?
Mixing blue with what other color will produce a neutral gray?
world history help please?
The Outsiders Book! Help?!?!?
How to edit my photos on Wix.com?
Was the Soviet Union military powerful as the U.S during the cold war?
What is this book? Fantasy genre?
a good twitter name for 'Bree?'?
What's the point of free will if we're not supposed to use it?
Need NW History Help?
Is the dance Jumpstyle hard?
What kind of story would you imagine going with this song?
Northwest history help?
Can someone help me with this?
Would you take time to critique this short piece?
why is technology/science so much further advanced than our social, psychological, and spiritual development?
Will reading improve my acting?
What was the Irish immigrants view on slavery in mid 19th century America?
What did assumptions have on our early lifes?
Names given to evil Places?
Is it acceptable to wear character shoes to a community theater audition?
Can you critique on this piece for me?
Where is the name Ballasch from?
Good Concert Band arrangements?
Final Exam about a quote from a book that is similar to Fahrenheit 451. What could it be?
What do you think of this story?
What logo is this????
Throughout USA history, 34 presidents were millionaires. What conclusion can we draw from this fact ?
good picking songs with lyrics?
Do authors use thesauruses and dictionaries when they write?
Is this a poem? (\Coin Toss\) If so, will you c/c?
How do I do drawings on adobe illustrator without scanning a drawing first?
Return an order from Barnes and Noble?
What fictional book/series should i read?
What has the best moment of your life been?
What do publishers like to see?
WHO IS THIS VS PINK MODEL?
who someone need a tracking device in the arm? she is schizophrenia?
i need help with my guitar?
What do you think about this?
i need to turn a nursery rhyme in to a crime scene…. please help!?
What's wrong with me?
Art project about Materialism?
I need songs I can dance the triple step to?
Is my story a any good? This is part of the 1st chapter.?
Site for graphic designers to choose and easily get commissions?
would a pro photographer ever use a mirrorless camera?
How was Gauguin maintaining himself in Polinesia?
What is a good title for this novel?
ACTOR/AGENCY QUESTION need help!!!?
why don't I play my electric guitar?
how big of an upgrade would this be?
How is the opening of this story?
What is the name of the book when two kids die in a car crash and end up in a land, called the in between?
What is this woman's eye shape?
I have theatre questions for u?
If a man doesnt want to dance does it mean he is a terrible bore?
I'm beta reading for someone who I feel is taking advantage of me?
is there a book of the mouse trap available for kindle?
How much is too much?
Really good book ideas?
I have few antique books Im trying to get a value on...?
Where to buy replica English coins?
Do you like Charles Dickens?
What is my hard cover Black Beauty by Lupton Publishing published in 1877 worth?
john peter zenger(PPPPPPLLLLLLLLZZZZZZZZZ CAN SOME1 HELP ME)?
Which one had a bigger impact on history. Hiphop or rock n roll?
Should I put my school results on my acting CV?
I want to meet famous authors?
Anyone know how to contact Terry Utley from Smokie?
How to write a story with someone who has powers?
What do the different colors mean?
is low light performance the only benefit of full frame?
Should I continue with my ballet?
How to draw manga???
Can Someone please check my introduction and see if it is good?
I got caught looking outside my window?
Why are architects so snotty?
How to get published?
what are some star wars novels or comics based on General Grievous?
Reasons why the book 'of mice and men' is NOT a good read?
World history question?
How to entertain for one minute?
looking for a good world war one book from a soldier's pov?
How can I get someone to draw for me?
How to fix lagging tablet? (wacom bamboo)?
Would you say im really an artist?
What are some interesting facts about Sarah Dessen?
I need help analyzing this poem?
E.E Cummings \In Just\ Question.?
What is a complex mature book for a teenage girl?
Can you give me advice on how to write a song for my uncle who just passed,I'm stuck?
How do wannabe actors just simply move to America and LA for the hey hollywood here I come?
Which ppv do u like a supernatural teen romance to be told?
Any advice on first time auditions?
What did rhaegar read that changed him?
What was religion like in the American Civil Revolution?
Is this love? Is this a sonnet?
I need help with writing something really nice for my friend.?
I need help with writing something really nice for my friend.?
History-based EPQ ideas please?
book cover for wattpad story?
What are solvents? What solvents are used with...?
Is it poetically okay to ponder? C/C?
how did farming in the northeast differ from that in the south?
Life is not always wonderful?
How can i get charcoal off my magic rub eraser?
Year 1374? Value if so?
What is a feeling that when you feel it?
how do i move pictures emailed to me as jpg images into picasa?
If you were to write a book?
what is my favorit book?
cool names for characters in my fantasy book?
QUESTION ABOUT MIRRORS AND CAMERAS?
Does this sound like an interesting character trait?
What is a good background for my presentation about Nuclear Fallout?
What's a good first name for Kiara?
People who read supernatural teen romance?
Need new books to read?
Story ideas from this poem?
I need help starting off this poem?
Do people really \get\ things from there relatives/ancestors?
Do you believe that Heisenberg intentionally declined to create the Atomic bomb for Hitler?
Questions about the Nazi's \Final Solution\?
How to describe the camera swirling around a person in my script?
Musician from another country contacts personal ad; Why?
Can you help me with this idea please....?
Do you agree with this statement ....\We are here to experience pain!\?
How to describe the camera swirling around a person in my script?
can you live ur whole life with just 1 billion dollars?
who..hey guys!!! how do i look in this picture if u dont mind?
Does the world really have meaning and why?
Could you critique my nice nice poem, please?
Cool names for characters in my fantasy book?
Should I take Jazz or Ballet?
really unusual names for a book?
Was a dandy specifically someone who spent money they didn't have to appear as a higher class?
Is English an Arts/Humanities?
What happen to james douglas morrrison?
I can't remember the name of this book about a girl who lived in africa?
Short-term pain for long term gain vs short-term gain for long term pain?
How did the Domesday book of the Middle Ages effect England ?
Theme of voyage of the dawn treader?
Why is it so difficult to forget or forgive if somebody insults us?
What's the difference between performance art and annoying people?
10 interesting facts about witccraft in the 1600?
How were the principels of humanism and the protistant reformation similar?
Explain why membership in labor unions increased during the war? World War I that is.?
Does anybody experienced this or does some you know experienced this?
Young readers' book from the '70s about a girl and her blanket: weird title?
History - Refreshing memory, Aztecs, Inca, and Maya?
What kind of books you like to read?
Which statement about Louis XVI is true?
what do I use to adhere pieces to a memory jar that isn't clay?
What is your opinion on this comparison?
I have my Grandfather's WW2 service No. & I want to find out more info about what he did in WW2?
Decent Monopod for less than £30?
How Should a Soft Ballet Fit?
How have you helped others in life?
In what year did congress pass the Health and portability Act?
Whats your biggest secret in your whole life?
Any evil sounding quotes?
What is the most wonderful things about others in life?
ideas for nail designs?
Good camera for getting into photography?
Whats your opinion of this idea?
\Better to have loved and lost than to never have loved at all?\?
How's my story so far?
can either of these cameras do this?
How to use the counterexample technique?
Please help with a Title?
Need help to finish the story that I wrote?
Photographers! are these features important at all to you?
Is this scene too complicated for Average Joes to comprehend?
can i get some opinions on these cameras?
What font is used in this image?
Constructive Criticism on my Photography ?
How can I get inspired to write poetry?
How would you get out of Magical vines?
The light shines in the darkness, but the darkness has not understood it?
What is this type of shape / design called?
Can someone please help me describe this outfit for my story?
I need some ideas from a poem?
What is the poem \A Frog's fate\ by Christina Rossetti about ?
What's a good title for a book/novel?
Teen writing a story?
Painting Opinion Online?
How to indicate a change in setting in your manuscript?
A level options - philosophy and ethics?
Gen. G. George Washinton formal education?
I wrote this about my last relationship. What do you think? Would they make good lyrics?
Questions about Cuban Missile Crisis?
What do you think of this idea?
Help!!!!! I want to publish my book?
General Question About Dance Career?
Read my story I wattpad. Tell me what you think?
Who were the first to enslave the Jews and how did it happen?
Are there any bookstores out there that include a digital copy of the soft/hardback that you buy?
Did ronnie mcdowell ever have a 45 record of the song My Way?
Ivan the Terrible Good or Bad?
14 year old writing a book?
14 year old writing a book?
Is it better to take revenge of your enemy or forgive him/her?
14 year old writing a book?
How long did it take to go from Europe to China in medieval times?
what is a good name for a sceret agency?
i want to make a whole scene of army with vehicles men on moutain on mud and with toys like army vehicles set?
How did the industrial revolution affect how people lived at home?
Would this be confusing to the reader?
what lead to the abdication of Nicholas II in 1917?
Any collage corses in redditch worcestershire do performing arts?
How does one live life thankfully?
Good Harry Potter fanfictions?
Need a natural disaster! really easy question. Help?
How can I ensure that acting jobs are legit?
in what ways did glaciers change the face of north america to know what we know today?
As per musical instruments, what note does a metal triangle play? Is the note set by the triangle's size?
What did European and Indian traders introduce to Thailand?
Were there Jews living in Jerusalem during WWII?
Would you kindly critique or comment on my poem, paying particular detail to grammar?
I need motives for someone to hire a mercenary for kidnapping a princess?
Vampire Diaries Why are the tv series and the books so different?
Could you suggest me fanfic where Snape adopts Draco (and Harry or not) ?
What is the diction in \The Names\ by Billy Collins?
How To Get Out Of A School Play?
Question about DSLR handstraps...?
What are the things invented by women in the history?
Is the poem good? The theme is mirrors btw?
Does anyone know any photographers that document their relationships?
Sonnet 130 help please (:?
What do you think of this book Copy This Idea ?
Is there any websites where I can tell someone to draw something for me?
How do you like this name?
please can anyone make me a poem i want to impress my crush and don't get it to internet?
Please help me with my American History Question?
Can i write a fiction book based on jews?
What are some \old money\ wealthy family last names?
Who was the first mortal to stand against the Greek gods?
which legislative body is radical?
check my answers please?
Im shooting my first wedding, I was wondering what is the best way to show the clients the ideas I have?
Good acting school in Melbourne, Australia?
I saw a roadworker looking person with a camera at the side of a motorway island?
what is the best image editing software?
what are old testament references made in the lion the withch and the wardrobe?
Is emotional honesty one of our most powerful yet vulnerable traits humans can have?
Is homeostatis its own interaction?
Is Atlas Shrugged well written?
what was the goal of the interstate commerce act?
If you know anything about DYFS please read!!!!!!!!!!!!!?
Have you ever heard of the 4 agreements?
Can a High School perform Wicked?
can people born with a evil side and manipulation skills or life makes u like that?
Does anyone know who is the illustrator of this picture?
Who are was Robert Frost ? Did he wrote this poem ?
When Pilate asks Jesus,\What IS truth?\, what is the significance?
What books or movies have really good openings?
What can a poet say about a rose — that hasn't already been said?
what is that change in your life that is not yet working for yourself but for others?
Do they write Utopias now?
what is the best website to now how to draw Manga?
Ideas for a book title?
how can i ask a polite request for a meeting for the next day?
How do you contrast Jazz dance from.a hiphop dance?
how was rosewood a viable town ran primarily by blacks?
What is the name of this children's book?
Film industry from business respective.?
Should I do my Senior project on the Kennedy assassination?
Political cartoon from US newspaper that was published after USA's entry in ww2?
what is dance to you?
Is it better to be ugly and rich or beautiful and poor?
RENT the musical costume?
How do I get this effect with acrylic paint?
Did Hercules and Aphrodite know each other?
my novel protagonist voyage through several countries to reach his destination?
My girl wants a normal fella. Will this poem prove it?
Is there any sites offering express logo design services?
a presentation on dance???? (interesting ppt ideas)?
High school love story cliches?
I feel like my manuscript is horrible?
about photoshop job in singapore?
What's a good larry fanfic title?
why dont materialists start believing in quantum physics?
Trait for Sentry from Antigone?
What was Rock Candy used for in the Civil War?
Swan's Hustle is that an adequate title for this?
why is the world so fake? What can I do to survive? (10 points for the best answer))?
is this sentence correct?
How do I link amazon or my kindle to my goodreads account?
i am writing a story and i need power ideas for the main characters?
What To do with Canon 10-22mm?
Soap makers does this sound okay?
What was the Liberum Veto?
The top social class in ancient societies was typicallly occupied by?
what is the diffrence between programme symphony and poem symphony?
Why is there such division amongst people when all that separates us is land and sea?
Help with a story ending? So my story is that the world is perfect and everyone existing is perfect.?
how to write death scenes?
What is so significant about these places and people?
which side of the civil war seemed more likely to win in 1861?
that does orphanage means?
Whats the name of this children's book?
What would be classic examples of things that describe the country you live in? In Australia we?
Which book should i buy to learn longhand writing?
i need helping thing of a city?
still having trouble setting up a good opening for my fantasy novel?
Are these good song lyrics?
I am searching for a professional photographer . Can Anybody suggest ?
How do I convince my parents to let me audition for a summer ballet intensive?
How would u describe the world without womenfolk & for womanfolk the universe without menfolk.?
I need help getting a certain point across in my novel?
Summary of The Glencoe Massacre?
Who did the most damage in the Yukoslav wars(90s)?
Good setting for a scene in my story..?
The Constitution was the document that was signed at the end of the revolutionary war correct?
Colleges in India for Graphic Design?
can i go for acting?good face(pic)?
Please Give me a RATIONAL, not emotional, answer: IS LIFE WORTH LIVING?
Have you ever stubbornly defended an Untruth even though a small voice told you that it was all probably a Lie?
What was the lebensborn?
Steps to develop Charisma?
Why should I be happy with my life?
Can someone recommend auditions in Europe ??
Using chicken wire as armature for polymer clay?
can anyone remove double chins from photos?
how can i improve myself?
how can i improve myself?
Some fiction may include non-fictional elements?
need song suggestions for solo dance!pls help friends?
Itzchak Tarkay? To keep or not to keep, that is the question?
Where can i find \The Book\ to quit smoking?
Why Bismark did not capture Austria after Prussia Austrian war?
What is the best Canon magnifier?
I don't know what I want to major in in the future?
Brief story on the Efurate river?
Am I losing my passion?
Freelance illustrators/designers, i would like to hear your advices on this... :)?
What does the Young Adult age bracket include?
How should be the citizens or inhabitants of this fictional country be called?
is a double major and a double minor too much?
What are famous alumni of the Brown/Trinity MFA program?
What is Act Utilitarian argument?
describe the economic effects of the industrial revolution in Britain?
Is this a good book plot?
What would you choose for a website/portfolio?
Proof-read this peice of writing for me?
Can you buy wig fiber by itself, by the yard or in spools?
How is Life these days:D?
Where do you go when you die really?
Is the enlightened ever horrified?
Please confirm right book to understand woven fabric.?
Aren't you sad of the death of Rosencrantz of Hamlet?
Is this a good book plot?
Book suggestions please!!?
battle of Somme summary who was the ruler of England during the battle of Somme?
any good WATTPAD storys?
who is happy as a hogget?
are ideas created from without-are they ego alien?
Any suggestions for my plot?
What works are important to know to better understand Joyce's Ulysses?
Can I spray paint a tee shirt?
What is Contemporary Art?
In securing the people's civil rights, the Supreme Court has mostly relied on the...?
De facto segregation in the Public schools was a result of...?
Is the idea of a 14-year-old writing a book preposterous?
A pottery manufacturer has an order to manufacture 5,000 hanging vases each to hold 1/6 pt. of water full. Th?
I've never been around the world. Sites to go to broaden my view of the world?
What names match these people?
What is the best lens for outdoor school photos and some indoor ones.I have a nikon D3100.?
Could someone please give me a few names to use for a girl detective for my book?
Magical boarding school tropes you would want to see deconstructed?
What lens are they using?
Where can I Commission someone?
What do you think of this guitar piece I made?
How did the League of Nations fail Ethiopia?
Canon or tokina lense?
What do you think is happening in this story?
Anuly good skyrim fanfics?
is there is anyone who is can answer it ?? : - What is the last name of the person who wrote Longstreet?
Did witches really exist or were they just women accused of witchcraft?
i need pointers for my ballet exams?
Dreaming about a utopia reflected back on my own life?
The rough beginning of my story. What do you think?
Why does life seem so unfair?
I'm 18 and my voice is kinda deep, can I still be an actor ?
Suggest some easy read novels like Curious incident of the dog...?
Creative title ideas?
Do you think artist take disadvantage of abstraction in their painting?
Hey ladies, which would u like to be?
What do students do at formal dances?
What book do you enjoy reading over and over?
Political cartoon from US newspaper that was published after USA's entry in ww2?
Where can I buy used ballet shoes?
What actually happens in Semi Formals? I wanna dance with my crush!?
What is your favorite book and why?
would you rather waste your time trying or...?
Do you have any words of wisdom?
Nightfall short story questions?
What college should I go to become a recording artist/producer and film acting or something in film industry?
What's a good way to get back at a snobby male bully (for a short story, not real life)...?
what is true ? Life choose you or You choose Life?
what inference or conclusion can be made about the middle passage?
Construction of buildings an important activity in medieval india-why,since when and how?
How does a literary agent work?
Any ideas for an Academy where demigods can go to?
Anime club jacket/t-shirt ideas?
*IF* limitation is nothing but a brain function?
Saladin, your thoughts on his legacy?
Which of these photos should I enter into a summer competition?
What do you need in a Plot?
I need a good 1 minute monologue comedy from a published play?
If you depended on paradoxes to understand a certain thing... what would be the best way to deal with it?
What do you think is the truth?
what should i do for story plots?
Is there any statue of Hitler anywhere in the world?
Does anybody know you created this image?
When I'm 16 I want to audition for X Factor I am wondering what song is a really good to sing?
Is love simple... or complicated?
Shakespeare's Sonnet 130 Help plz(:?
How do I put two gifs on one canvas?
How to deal with photo snobs in college?
I want a chart showing the history of medicare part b premiums?
Do you feel that life is just too short to be anything but happy?
Can anyone provide me with information on immigration through ocean travel in the early 20th century?
Ihave problem in signature i want to add my logo in signature?
What effect did the Industrial Revolution have on women?
Canon 5d Mark ii vs vs Canon 6d?
Books similar to \a Canticle for Leibowitz\?
If someone gets a call back, does that mean it's for a lead?
I need help with animating!!! (Flash CS6)?
Check out my new cover and give me some intake ?
What should I do? At a loss.?
How to write short twisted stories?
How does this monologue sound?
best poets to choose for a report?
y r headshots for benig an actor expensive?
do all the worlds problems come down to one thing?
Books similar to \a Canticle for Leibowitz\??
where can I read \Crime Of The Century\ by william j. martin online?
I got a really bad part in the play? More info in details...?
When is the most enjoyable times in your life?
Is this being judgmental or is it inevitable as a human being?
How to get guys to grind with you at a high school dance?
what is the difference between the new England colonies and the middle colonies?
Can a 16 year old play Eponine?
why are the pictures I post from fanpix.net so dark?
what did the monroe doctrine reveal about u.s. power and regional interests?
Feedback on a poem I wrote?
Is it Ok to go to the dance parties by yoursel?
Why would Gandhi have thrived during the enlightenment if he were alive during that time period?
Any good book recommendations?
Why would Gandhi have been opposed to the French Revolution?
Going to a dance with my bf for the first time want things to b perfect but were both shy what do I do?
Any tips for using a quill?
Who are some notable philosophers in the anarcho-paciftic movement?
Pottery in art class?
What would happen if Bruce Almighty struck down Ace Ventura?
Which logo do you think looks better?
What influence has George McClellan had on us today?
Why does the society in Farenheit 451 not appreciate nature?
Ideas for the plot for my book?
What are some good classic novels?
In \The Great Gastby\, what was the external conflict between Gatsby and Daisy?
Whats this manga/manhwa?
What is the meaning of \innovation\?
New adult country romance novels?
Favorite Percabeth moment?
Nikon D5100 Shooting Basketball.?
What do you like about YA books?
Is it copyright, patent or trademark?
Musical Audition Suggestions?
how good of an actor/actress do you have to be to \make it\?
Help on my poem!!! Please!!?
To Kill A Mockingbird theme?
Hey I need some good ideas for theme for my schools class competition does anyone have ideas?
Anyone have a good title for my book?
How should I end my poem?
Tell me your philosophy for life in one short paragraph or less.?
What is a good theme/plot for a story?
is one tree hill appropriate?
How does Ego get in the way of a relationship happening?
How to look gud .....?
What has changed in the past 1000 years for humans?
what is the summary of the book the boy in the striped pajamas ?
what is the story of norman bethune ?
What were the causes and results of the First Moroccan War?
Romantic YA books with some sort of fantasy element suggestions PLEASE?
Which type of statues are better? stone statues or metal statues.?
Any information about this Antique Pin?
I want to write a book but what should I write it on?
Music Theory help: how would I write this melody in four measures and what time signature would it be?
Taking history in college?
Help finding a short story... it has a guy in a limo?
Why did they mix Shrek the Music Broadway Tour and US National Tour together?
What is the most famous Madonna and Child painting?
What does this poem mean? Like how would I explain it?
who is this poem by? Is he or she a famous poet or not please help fast. thanks?
Are you an author or comedian?
Facts about Chartres Cathedral?
How can I obtain happiness?
Ever notice that ART rhymes with FART?
Most well knows Madonna and Child painting?
Names of famous trials? Help please!?
What is normality? (20char)?
what do you think of women being single at this point in life, why? does society affect this?
Another Writing Critique Please?
Can someone right me a story in dialogue about maybe a vacation or anything?
How to get unnervous?
what are some touching fiction books with themes of justice and forgiveness?
Important positive accomplishments of Maximilian the emperor of Mexico?
Object to symbolize Charlemagne?
portfolio title opinions!?
How do I value a 50+ year old oil canvas of 'girl with braids' by amedeo modigliani?
breifly explain the poem brotherhood: homage to claudiusb ptolemy by octavio paz?
Is there any historical reality to Beowulf, or is it a complete fiction?
How much has changed in the past 1000 years?
Is it cliché to have a character dating a famous person? And another question?
Explain Cordelia's death in King Lear?
What works are important to know to better understand Joyce's Ulysses?
How does history prove that a nation?
How does this book idea sound? (Kind of like Don Quixote)?
Autobiography of my dead brother?
Is this a good poem. (Honest opinion please)?
What were the two Muslim government structures of India? How did they rule?
Perspectives in novels?
Can I use strobes with my Canon T3?
How do lamps lighten up the room? Do they EAT the darkness?
How is My Opening to This Novel?
My character has the name of a real person. What do I do?
Why is it when you care a lot about others, they tell you to worry about yourself more,?
Who painted this. from the The Philadelphia Museum of Art?
Best classic novel you ever read that is less than 250 pages?
What ethical reason is their for using mind contril and PSYOP warfare techniques within United States borders.?
If any of the US's founding fathers were alive today,?
Did hitler and the nazi, laugh at this joke because?
If you are able to think of eternety, then eternety is inherently possile?
What does it mean to be conscious?
Difference between good and bad?? In your view :)?
Need help with town names, please?
Who is the hide and seek world champion?
Why do I feel tired depressed and weak and sad sometimes for no reason?
What is a good murder mystery book?
how does the new role of the kkk reflect other changes happening in society in the 1920s?
In the 1920s the depression situation of united states agriculture was chiefly caused by?
How to read \Night\ by Elie Wiesel?
Wreck this journal help?
First Canon L Lens? Next camera to upgrade to?
what is the theme of the tale of genji?
What's the difference between Folk music and Country music?
how can i get rid of my accent?
Describe the Man in Chair in Drowsy Chaperone?
Book whose characters names are numbers?
Did George Wasington have a personal symbol/seal during his time as general?
i am interested in acting but i dont have any experience. how can i start?
Help!!!!! I wanna start dance?
Was Hitler a war hero during WW1?
Did Patrick Henry want war?
Did England treat the American colonists unfairly?
Steel guitar information for a beginner?
Title For A Short Story About Telekinesis...?
how did the m16 impact the vietnam war?
Did the London Conference lead to the British North America Act?
Summary for \death of a salesmen\ by Derek Thompson?
what are facts about the spanish-american war?
The rise and fall of Louis XIV?
would allies have been able to take italy without the help of the italian resistance?
List of all European Medieval countries?
Any good books out there?
An artist that shows verbal abuse in their drawing???
emotional instrumental songs for dance?
What was it like to live during colonial times in Massachussetts?
Looking for an acoustic electric guitar, is this one good?
Any good books out there?
How to tell when a Nikon DSLR was made.?
I Can't Open A Mcdougal Littell Cd ROM Text Book. I can't find the app in the files?
What are some really fun songs to play on guitar?
Audition songs for 10 year old sister?
Names for my character in a story?
Song about hitler and/or the what he did?
What is a good series for me to read?
Is there any way that I can put any size picture on instagram without cropping it at all?
philosophy question about reality?
What book has a character named Ash or Asher?
Can 22 year old guy learn to become great with Guitar?
Why is the answer to life, the universe, and everything the number 42?
What is a great YA contemporary fiction book to read?
In order to know what the answer to life, the universe, and everything is,?
i've been writing a sad/creepy story, I would appreciate your feedback?
What ways COULD world history have been different, if the Temple of the ancient Israelites NOT been destroyed?
Don't know what to read next. Help?
help with art homework??!!?
I need a comedic song from a Broadway musical?
What was culture, goverment, and lifestyle like in ancient rome?
Why does greed exist?
What does reveal the essence of the book mean?
What was the action in serbia that caused the \Power Key\ of the Balkans to explode and World War 1?
How do you become a funeral director?
Why can't colors be defined?
What is taught in ballet 1?
Is there often a lingering smell of poop in womens' restrooms too?
Any Drills to make My hand steadier for drawing?
Can anyone tell me who this artist is?
anything you can think of, is inherently possible?
Is omniscience a construct of the human mind?
PLEASEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE HELP- differences between stalin and plato-?
Why did fascist countries go bonkers, their aims of serving the interests of society seem just to me?
If you have time, will you give me feedback on my work in progress novel?
what does the meaning of this poem mean?
What are some example on how Holden Caulfield Acts like an adult in the book Catcher in the Rye?
What book has the main character named Asher?
Why did jefferson write to madison versus other people at the convention?
Which would u go ladies, rave or concert?
Can you list fictional books about reading and/or writing?
Pen with \lighter\ on the top?
What else should I put in this damn story?
Any ideas for a creative visual such as a drawing for a class about Ubuntu (the Philosophy)?
Titles for a wattpad story?
How do I control myself?
How to develop a well rounded character?
Please please help me with my world history homework!?
How to describe a metal electronic door?
How did the revolution of the peasants start in france during the french revolution time period?
What is an alter-ego?
Napoleon During the French Revolution?
Examples of over-ambitious people that were never satisfied in history?
What is acting I class in highschool?
For anyone who has seen the broadway play Wicked, PLEASE answer.?
An artwork that expresses verbal abuse?
Identify, explain, and describe the impact of three concepts created during the Scientific Revolution.?
is this a good book theme I am writing?
Why was Napoleon's decision to invade Russia in June of 1812 an unwise decision.?
Creative writing \culture\?
How can i make a regular poster board in a shape of a piano like a grand piano ?
Do you have hope for this world? (Long rant question)?
I want to date but I'm detached from reality? Is it possible?
How do I edit a vector in Adobe Illustrator?
What's the criminal motive's in High and Low, dircted by Akira Kurosawa?
Name an artist that expresses verbal abuse in their artwork?
Where can I find a site to learn about investing?
what kind of reputation did the bureau of indian affairs have?
Creative history name?
Does anyone have any advice on talent agencies?
Im looking for a fantasy book involving a female main character who can talk to animals and goes on a journey.?
Is it true that you should never say never?
What were imagery examples that cover the 5 senses from the start of chapter 4 in Lord of the Flies.?
I have to write a sonnet for English but I have no idea what to write. Can you please write me one?
why do people use soma in brave new world?
Do you recommend buying the first book in the series or just the whole series at once?
Help me find a good YA book!?
What's a good title for this story?
The Chrysalids by John Wyndham..?
When you draw, do you normally draw something you are looking at or something from your imagination?
In the allegory of the cave, why does Socrates believe that \the Return\ is so important?
I have a question about writing?
What do you think the key to happiness is?
Why didn't United Kingdom and France use nuclear weapons against the rebels of their colonies?
Anybody got any solo tips?
Just who wrote the Book of Love?
Can I apply to agencies not in my area?
I need Talent shows ideas!?
How is burning books burning culture?
Clarinet wont play notes?
Clarinet wont play notes?
what is your favorite color and why?
Should I pursure being an artist?
would \He has the greatest smile\ be a metaphor?
Poems with two voices?
Why are my filters not working on Snap Chat?
Who are some Cherokee authors can i use for my junior paper?
who carried the american flag in the cold war?
I need a really good book where the perspective of the main character is a manipulative man.?
US history questions... True or False...?
Why has our society made certain standards that are seen as normal or not normal?
My friend is joining dance but im scared she will become better than me?
do you think the human mind created god?
Metaphor or personification?
Why does elizabeth browning like to write sonnets?
Who are these people, and why did they go to my backyard? Was it wrong to not respond?
Showing fear through artwork?
In brave new world why does everyone say ford in all of their expressions?
What are reasons that Scout Finch is afraid of Boo?
How to create an interesting photo of me?
Can somebody please expain the history acts below?
Have you ever saved someone's life?
I need a warrior name for Sleetpaw (Warriors)?
Which celebrity most resembles Jem from \To Kill a Mockingbird\?
Can I use a speed-lite for a SLR camera on a DSLR?
How to add backstory effectively?
Which story idea do you like the best?
What's a good drawing tablet for a beginner?
What percentage of your ideas come from the collective consciousness?
Is industrial design a good major?
3D model help!?!?!?!?!?!?!?
Women were treated in colonial times?
what is needed to be a movie actor?
The Great Gatsby One Question Please Help?
Will I be able to dance again?
What went wrong in my life? :(?
British colonial families?
Whats a good book to read?
Have you ever felt suffocated by the worlds level of simplicity?
What makes you a good writer(:?
What is a good title for my book?
Scene ideas for theatre class?
what territories did Germany conquer or attack during the 1930s?
what happens at the end of brave new world?
is derby theatre a producing theatre or a presenting theatre?
why does my iris turn black in ALL pictures?
What would happen if you rubbed fluorite against orthoclase?
why do people take soma in brave new world?
What is deductive validity?
john dickinson quotesss!?!?!!?!?!!?
brief history and the time era of the bermuda triangle?
THG FANS! In serious need of help! Which sounds more like Katniss?
Is my acting coach being inappropriate with me?
THG FANS! In serious need of help! Which sounds more like Katniss?
Give me a catchy cool tag line about the Odyssey! Easy 10 points!?
Jamestown was the first permanent British settlement in America write a history about development of the town?
What Is The Last Sentence of Allegient?
Is there Christian references in Lord of the Rings?
Have you ever learned or discovered informations that changed your mind set for a life time?
what are three things that might lead to future wars?
Anyone know anything about this photo?
What are all the charcters in the hunger games?
what continents are in the eastern hemisphere?
What was the purpose of the Cromwellian land settlement?
Unprofessional ballet classes?
What was Thomas Hobbes beliefs on the placement of authority in a society?
Most serious passages from The Lord of the Rings Trilogy?
which of the M.A.I.N reasons was most responsible for world war one ?
Reasons why the Peasants Revolt of 1381 failed?
history on belly dancing?
Where do I start the process of getting a piece of music published?
What is the theme shakespeare wants to point out by using Ladys Macbeths Character?
Where do I start the process of getting a piece of music published?
How to tell my mom I don't want to dance anymore?
daily ripped contact lens?
What did they (Isaac newton) think about people or about their world?
what's logical equivalence?
Help with photography project about recovery?
Need Help With History Puns!!! READ DESCRIPTION!?
Should I become an actor? Or is it totally unrealistic?
The road by Cormac Mccarthy?
How has sacrifice changed since ancient times to today?
How to draw hair face and eyes off the top of your head?
what can you tell me about Mikhail Gorbachev?
Does our favorite color (hue) say who we are, personality wise?
Question about Anime/money/Producing?
Why did Franklin Roosevelt not get involved in World War II until Pearl Harbor was attacked in 1941?
When did people realize alcoholism was a mental health problem?
Could you please give me a brief history of Portugal in relation to Spain?
Is being against all politicians an easy or challenging intellectual position?
How to draw hair face and eyes off the top of your head (anime style)?
Can anyone name me the structure and type of poem?
what did britain lose and the colonies gain as a result in the french and indian war?
What songs are good for an alto voice?
Writing a Novel; What's wrong with this passage?
What were the biggest changes in outlook and way of understanding world from the scientific revolution?
Are my seats for One Direction bad???
Why wasn't JR 102C thought to be of Native American decent?
Where can I find free sheet music of Hokage's Funeral on clarinet? (Naruto)?
Explain what Sartre meant when he said that we are condemned to be free. What kind of freedom did he have in m?
Creative Writing piece?
Can you recommend me a good book on russian society in the 1930s?
no, you are not for me. no its not a question?
An ? for the best answer?
I need dark sounding metal names?
Where can I design a hoodie/hoody?
Who is God? Why did he create us? Who created God? What is his plan for us? Where is God? Why are we here?
I need help with my paradise lost thesis?
what's the peter pan operation (small summary)?
What do I do now for my acting career?
Which one is best for drawing: Manga Studio 5 ex or Photoshop CC?
I have a question about these two books..!!?
My guitar playing needs help! Answers from experts needed!?
Why do we know more about the Shang dynasty's last capital An-yang than about its first capital Ao?
What are some weaknesses in Tess of the d'Urbervilles?
Which could average female teens relate to more?
How does Death Note talk about logic?
What are the pros of cancelling the Avro Arrow?
I have a 100th anniversary cardinal poster its old from 1892-1992 supposably there only 300 made?
I tried putting this under mental health category?
To what does the term Indo-European refer?
Help with cold war questions?!?
most frightening/ shocking/ twist ending Creepypastas out there.?
Are there any dance classes in Jeddah?
How come my director treats me differently?
Are there any sites that review poems and give feedback?
How should I end this play script?
How good are my seats, Nassau Coliseum?
Question about Book Publishing and law?
How can I teach myself to play guitar?
What role does Morton Feldman plays in existence?
what was life for the Jews like in Germany 1920s?
Good political book suggestions?
How dreams lead to success?
When the game of life is over are you supposed to shake hands with the other team?
Looking for anima fanfiction?
people claiming they are the true writers of an established bestselling novel?
Is selling origami for money a good idea?
What role does Curley play in the book Of Mice and Men?
How to get started acting?
How did trade affect the fall of the roman empire?
Is there any truth to the Law of Attraction? Or is it all a pseudo-science ponzi scheme?
Need help with my female character?
Tips on being an author?
How do you rank these early US Presidents?
getting a good hook in the beginning of your essay?
Can you help me think of a title?
does the poem alone by edgar allan poe have similes, metaphors and symbols?
What is something cool to paint?
Was romeo and Juliet ever made into book?
\You attract what you are, not what you want. So if you want it then reflect it.\ Agree or disagree?
Monologue for young man (16-20) that is remorseful?
Any other jobs for Stalin?
why did the British abuse the Mau Mau? why did America not intervene?
Will britain ever bring back the death sentence?
Why is Twilight called Twilight?
How come millions of European colonists did not die from native american diseases from the New World?
what is a great gatsby?
where did the Indians Cherokee relocate?
How big were native american villages when europeans first arrived in America?
Is the label \atheist\ inappropriate for non-believers?
What kinds of people during the French Revolution would defend Napoleon?
Can someone write me a short poem of the sacrfices made by african americans,?
Are these good YA plots? Which one would you rather read (YA readers only)?
should i become an author?
I feel like such a loser and like no one will ever love me?
Help with thinking of a spin-off play on Hamlet?
Sustain pedal Pans hard right in Cubase 6?
can you tell the difference between full frame and crop sensor?
She was not yet where she is going?
What is the tone and meaning of the poem \To-day\ by Nixon Waterman?
Is your love like a misty rain,coming softly?
How do you know if...?
Which of the following civilizations had a capital city that was the largest in the world during the Post?
The primary centers of learning in Western Europe during the feudal era were:?
All of the following are accurate statements about the importance of the Byzantine Empire EXCEPT:?
When people can't intelligently respond to your argument...?
Which of the following accurately compares Islamic contacts with Europe to Islamic contacts with Sub-Saharan?
What does \home-bred flippant slave\ mean?
Never aspire to being anyone..but your own best self?
Sometimes a mosaic is as beautiful?
Which of the following characterizes the Aztec but not the Inca Empire?
How do I shoot in HDR on my Canon EOS Rebel XS?
Which of the following is NOT true regarding Turkish peoples in the post-classical era?
why did Carl Czerny produce so many finger exercises?
Any good apps to put backgrounds on to photos?
Western Europe and Sub-Saharan African civilizations resembled each other during the post-classical period in?
How did Andrew Carnegie establish control over the steel industry during the late 1800's?
Are they professional dancers?
You believe love is a more natural feeling then hate?
Living successfully means pursuing your goals?
Does anyone have any recommendations on sources on Julius Caesar and the fall of the Roman Republic?
Does the New Yorker magazine ever buy short stories?
In comparison to other classical societies, the Roman Empire:?
Small, sleepy beach/harbor two name?
I need names for my story?
How do you separate a mistake that you've done from who you are as an individual?
10 PTS! im making an illustartion of propaganda for red scare. can you suggest ideas?
What were the short term and long term effects of the \Ballot or the Bullet\ speech?
Home of the Braves Book?
What would happen if I put a reed for clarinet in water to break it in sooner ?
Would che guevara ever get dreads?
Age rating for \Battle Royale\ by Koushun Takami?
Have you ever found Satisfaction to be stagnating and Dissatisfaction to be the spur that forced you to action?
How do you know when your story is complete?
frustrated with genealogy search can you help?
How do I convince my mom to let me switch dance studios?
which is worse, animal abuse or drug abuse; and why ?
what were marie antoinettes goals in life?
Does God exist? can we/man/human become God ?
What was the No.1 reason for which Sir Walter Raleigh was beheaded?
How long did it take you to realize just because you wrote it doesn't make it publishable?
i need clarification if possible please?
What are some arguments for or against the zeitgeist movement?
Best book to learn about fantasy creatures?
What would the effects be on the outcome of WW2 if the British joined the axis?
How does creating animation work?
Jesus and the Roman occupation: did jesus avoid discussing this topic?
What were the economic conditions that contributed to the rise of facism, Nazism and Communism?
tips for photographing moving targets?
What font would this be?
What font would this be?
The video I'm recording is vibrating because of the lights I use..what should I do?
What Phillip K. Dick book should i read next?
Need help coming up with town name?
Confused about eye color heredity?
can a mirrorless camera perform better than a DSLR?
Whats the name of that book?
How to get experience to audition for drama school?
Should I bemoan that Waterstones won't sell my books?
On a Christmas carol by dickens why do you think he create the name of main character as Scrooge \?
Help! Need teen alto audition song!?
Am I addicted to Harry Potter?
Elizabeth Cady Stanton's role in the Progressive Era/Movement?
history help please!! im failing!?
I need a specific example of a denunciation on the part of a character in the crucible?
Can anyone tell me the name of the font used in this image?
If I titled my book this wdyt?
Novel recommendations from people who like anime?
I don't want to help this person.?
How do I make my writing longer?
What you think about Romania?
Would you read more of this?
What are some quotes from songs, books, poems, or movies that show how humans support each other?
Advice/Help on my story plot?
Road to becoming a stunt double?
Rawls Veil Of Ignorance?
I have to do this stupid poetry project for english.! Could you please tell me what the SUBJECT not the THEME?
What was the purpose of the great rebellion in India 1857-1858?
I m in Desperate Need For Someone Who Can Edit Photos?
Where can I read Closed Hearts By Susan Kaye Quinn online for FREE?
Describe Aztec life before the arrival of Cortés?
What are the prominent changes that occurred during the Babylonian period?
What impact did Christianity have on imperialism?
What is the importance of the Babylonian Period to the history of Judah?
Did an actor ever show up naked with only a belt buckle at the grammy awards?
Are there any books on christian women marrying Muslim men?
Photo Editting Needed URGENT?
Antagonist Ideas for Scifi Novel?
How to take vintage photographs like in this link?
What's the opposite of the No True Scotsman Fallacy?
What Jobs Involve Darkroom?
Who is the most great poet? explain your reasons.?
1984 by George Orwell question/opinion on the overall novel?
Book called somthing Winter OR Winter something?
how to tell your dance teacher your leaving?
My boyfriend told me im boring to talk to on his work brake?
Can someone tell me what the meaning of this poem is?
How did Battle of Fleurus is fight?
Help with a Story title?
In Pixel Art, How Does One Accuratly Cast Shadows?
What makes the \Cube\ one of the most important things known to science, art and physics?
questions about publishing?
What is the moral of your life story?
Do these ideas sound like they have unfortunate implications?
Do you believe there are many ways to fly?
Should I start dancing (even though I might suck at it)?
Did losing the Ottoman empire actually help Turkey in the long run?
Can someone write me a short story?
why do people think that the \ go away skips\ song/dance is dirty?
\Spirit of a stallion\ my very first free verse, critique and advise please?
What do you think about ´´The Fault In Our Stars´´ by John Green?
The Sleuth in a mystery novel?
Review my poem- Departure?
What do you think about Croatia? if you ever heard about the country..?
Old time writers, what is your ultimate advice for inspiring poem writers?
Should I care what other people think about my characters?
Where can I find census details from between 1920 and 1935 for free?
Can you give opinions about my blog please?
Any good romance novels with a love triangle?
WHEN IS THE END OF THE WORLD?
who controls the camera angles on a film?
Can a hexagon be an isometric shape?
Why the hell face book book app, fb in uc browcer and fb.com is not responding for the past 24hrs in my mobile?
Is it wise to not observe others. Does it cause your \grid\ to be filled in?
Obsession with irritants, avoiding my potential?
Getting rich on Amazon?
help on writing a story?
How did Genius, Luck and the government help to change medicine or make it stay the same?
If someone has a hard life will they be stronger mentally?
when did Moniza Alvi write 'An Unknown Girl'?
What does Underexposed by one point mean?
What does the future hold for dancing?
HISTORY HELP. Texas Queastions?
opinions! would you read this?
abraham hicks question for people who actually study it.?
I am 21, is it too late to start a Dance Degree?
Sm entermaint online audition?
Are Prismacolor pencils really superior? Or is there another brand I should purchase?
I want/need to draw but I don't feel like it...??
an artist who drew people running?
is it strange that I'm 15 and I REALLY want to earn about the human mind and murderers etc.?
Social Class naming help for a novel?
what is a really good creepypasta?
For people who work 40+ hours a week, do you ever feel like life is passing you by?
Can you help me with this description?
What should i out on my drawings shirt?
What Are The Terms Of The Treaty Of Versailles?
To FanFiction or not to FanFiction. That is the question?
Why is the play othello still popular today?
ROMEO AND JULIET ACT 1 SCENE 5?
photographer that use line?
Why do we believe that somethings are too good to be true?
I want waste thermocol. Will you please tell me from where I get ?
important people/things about american revolution?
Help with writing a gripping murder mystery?
What are some inspirational books?
How do I get my mind off of fanfiction, and onto my own original fiction?
how to take blurry background pictures with nikon p510?
Can you help me right something nice like a poem for my...?
Tips on being a teen actress.?
do you like this story plot?
Good Websites to Sell Digital Art?
Would you continue reading and why?
Who were my ancestors if I'm afghan pashtun?
Few tips to write a novel?
WHAT SHOULD I DO ( please READ!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! )?
What did Thomas Malthus believe about population growth?
freedom is a dusty road,for a romany,travler?
is After Midnight a good title?
Prohibition start and end?
what do you think of this story plot?
McCarthy trials-what was it and facts pleaseeee?
Can you help me compare the poems \Dulce et Decorum Est\ and In Flanders Fields\?
who invented wind mills?
What is a good title for a short story collection?
Which of the following was not an achievement of Qin Emperor Shi Huangdi?
Why cant I attract sex using the Law of attraction despite following it religiously and attracting everything?
Suggestions on Art GCSE?
Kreativity....comes from thinking 'outside of the box'?
question for book experts?
Which states outlawed slavery before 1820?
Good book writing websites?
How do I stop my photos from being distorted?
Gypsum Cast From Gypsum Mold?
What's a good printing website?
What do book publishers look for in writers?
What do I need to do to get into Theatre?
Opinion on my illustrations?
Books recomendation for me?
names / type of sexy club dancing?
History RIGHT NOWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW?
Connecting American Psycho (Book) to the American Dream?
When Making a Musical Composition help?
Question in acting and modeling?
(Spoiler) in The Hobbit: The desolation of smaug, does Thrain still die?
How to become a voice actor/actress?
What was the significance of King James during the Renaissance?
Could someone tell me what this wooden object is?
Can anyone analyze the Holy Sonnet 2. I have no idea what it's about?
Is speed reading really possible?
History HELP PLEASE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!.?
Which do u prefer in supernatural teen romance?
An aspiring screenplay writer....?
Please review my story?
Please, I need a monologue with at least 3 minutes..?
what do you think of this prologue for a fantasy book?
What nationality has the smallest penes?
To learn powermove how much time i practise daily,nd pls give me practise routien,nd food detail also 4 bboys?
Help me name my history blog?
Does science work, in part, because of its underlying ethical principals?
Was the historical identity of Hitler and State so complete that one couldn't be spared for the other?
Brief explain on the author of play this time tomorrow and settings of it.?
History question, the prince.?
Who am I ? ?? ?where am I heading for?
DIY techniques similar to spot varnishing and lamination?
Can you guys please read my story ?
What is the most secure right after death?
what are some careers that involve drawings or art skills?
What are different viewpoints in the weeping woman by picasso?
What are the sexiest ways to grind?
How to alphabetize same names?
How to alphabetize same names?
How to alphabetize same names?
How to alphabetize same names?
What are the sexiest ways to grind?
Good permanent waterproof markers?
anyone have any good names for a race of snake people?
Do you find this plot line at all interesting?
How could I get a paper round ?
Nelson mandelA help facts?
would you stalk someone who is stalking you ?
is it okay to be writing more books at once?
how do we percieve out of body experiences?
What are some of the important scientific contributions of America / Americans ?
How are Freewill, Freedom and Conscience all linked?
Would you read this novella?
Philosophy of Happiness: What brings your 'happy' on?
What is it about romantic love that most people misconstrue?
Please, I need a monologue with at least 3 minutes !!!?
Can We Increase Our Intelligence? If so, how?
Why do bodybuilders block & push each other when posing at shows?
How to get a soul mate?
Philosophy of Music: Will a 2 y/o’s intellect become enhanced by listening to classical music?
Ideas for a nickname for my female protagonist?
Has a black man ever whistled at a white woman and lived to tell about it?
If there still is a world. I wonder what it's gonna be like in the yr 2500. What do you think?
How can I un-filter instagram photos from my computer?
What font is Beyonce's new album cover?
how to publish a poem in TOI?
Can you help me with my book cover?
Is Arnold Murray still alive (Alan Turing case)?
How to get film to look old/vintage?
What is the best cover-up crime scene for someone that killed another person by accident?
Who spread Eastern Orthodox Christianity to the Russians? What did they develop?
Fairy tales we can do?
is this a good book idea?
Please help meeeeee!!!?
is this a good book idea?
why dont athiests believe in spirituality?
I want to know the 1st country go gain independence in the entire world?
The name of illuminati member who are popular?
ignorant about flutes, want to learn flute online,which flute should i buy to practice at home?
Help improve my splits and heel stretch?
Please read and c/c my poem? how do you like it?
Looking for a not very scary Dean Koontz book or the like for a sometime scardy cat?
Would you c/c my newest poem?
Is socialism favourable for an artist?
Problems with my posture - ballet dancer - help?!?
Studio lighting, with or without flash?
FRIEND'SHIP' means.....what?
ideas for a zombie story?
Can Anyone Tell Me The Exact Period(with Date) Of Blue Rebellion?
If your a model and the photographer is taking pictures of you do they tell you how to pose?
how much does money and respect matter, when ur love is outside of your heart and afraid of u?
What would you think of this guy?
If your a model and the photographer is taking pictures of you do they tell you how to pose?
How would a human look in 4D?
whats the true meaning of social skills?
were can i find a monologue about getting angry because someone you love committed suicide?
Would you want to keep reading?
Dracula question regarding connections with modern society.?
What is it that we are trying to achieve throughout our lives?
Terminology question relating to front doors for something I'm writing - please help?
How do you drop hints of setting without an information dump (specifics)?
Can anyone make out the expression on Dylan Klebold's face?
3 examples of how the scarlet letter did not do it's office in the novel The Scarlet Letter?!?
Does God prefers Jocab to Esau and why??
How can vishuddhi chakra heal or activate?
how important is paris to the play romeo and juliet ? and how does shakespear present paris in the play ?
Introducation to sigma kepsikam.?
Should I e-mail him?
Do you wonder if you've got it all wrong and have been kidding yourself?
For the guitar tuning CFCGFc do any strings need to be tuned UP?
Is my art good enough to get published in a childrens book?
Is my art good enough to be a childrens book? Honestly?
Novels about depressed males?
Why do african nations hate Britain for colonization?
who has killed more people fascists or communists?
Would any pro photographer would like to view and critic my photos........please..?
How should I introduce this society without an info dump?
how do i stop myself from reading mangas?
what is the main message (theme) in the lion king? what is it telling the audience?
Is life worth all the effort?
Advice on ballet stretching device!?
Help!! I need to interview someone(55 years of age or older) about the JFK Assassination.?
what is considered important in intermediate drawing exam?
How can i put emojis on my photos?
what modern artist were inspired bt Michelangelo?
Literary Element Terms and Define?
Help me escape the library?
Which set of watercolors are better quality.?
Is this too much for my story?
What was the method used in Tutor times where prisoners were barred from seeing or speaking to each other?
Essay on Versailles treaty. Positions of us and France. Where did they agree and not? Which better world peace?
Which Art class would help me most in becoming a doctor?
Sore Muscles Because Of Splits Please Help Me?
Do you like this photo?
does the fact that you can learn new stuff disprove that everything is a product of my consciousness?
What is life's greatest illusion?
What are some excellent websites/articles/books for geniuses?
I've recently started my life as an architecture student. I need some clues for starting!?
Girl code rule book/ online?
How do you finish writing a novel?
I need some character names, please?
Does LOTR and Hobbit box set books that are movie tie in the same with the original tolkien books?
Disadvantages of green screen background videos?
How is capitalism portrayed in George Orwell's '1984'?
Can you give me some clarity on this?
why is the truth more important than happiness?
What do you think of this story idea? Sorry that it's really long.?
Interesting book series to read?
Why do i find it harder to do my story...?
What grade is 'Baker Street' by Gerry Rafferty on the Alto Saxophone?
I want to read some loving,logical stories?
Why did each countries that are involved in the treaty of Versailles had different aims?
what is a wound???and how much it pains?
How can I make a $30 wig look realistic?
help with a vampire story?
what exactly is western dance?
Critique on this poem?
I need help on my story!?
The day that man first stepped on the moon, , which on this day was date had.?
Application of technical drawing?
If my mum is from the koori tribe but my dad is from the ngarraitya which does it make me?? Help?
What type of fine art cource should I do to become abstract artist?
institutes for graphic designing course in Chandigarh?
writers, please share your experience (more than one questions)?
I want a background for a character I'm submitting. can anyone give me a good background history?
How can you be a dynamic instrument of social transformation?
Why are humans so greedy?
Should I use a pen name, or not?
Do you find this name pretty?
What will you do If a Smart looking person comes and asks u INR 100?
Good art classes for learning?
tell me best books for reading?
Which RC car scale is good for Shooting of RCchase?
What is a good book to read about lateral thinking?
suggest a tamil name for a book on hidden history of christianity?
In sangam theater about to book the last seat?
Feudalism and hierarchy?
Would it be a good idea to mix high fantasy with Gothic romance?
Help me with a story title ideas please? :)?
Who is the lady writer who received man booker prize?
Help me with story title ideas?
i want a name for my personal diary?
How do we celebrate the birthday of the Apostle of Allah, (peace be upon him)?
Monologues for teen girls?
6 excerpts from the book lost hero by rick rihordan?
How can one switch off your emotions quickly?
Can you tell me about YOUNGSTERS TODAY?
Getting wisdom teeth out tomorrow. I took penicillin today twice 6 hours apart. Is that okay?
who wants to read erotic stories?
A poem about recent floods where I live, would you c/c please?
Is there a name for this kind of [bad] debate tactic?
Im a boy and Im being asked to dance feminine?
How does one pronounce \Yamashita\ as in the WW2 Japanese general?
Can someone explain to me what a Nephilim is in Hush Hush?
5. Do you like Pablo Picasso paintings?
famous outlaws from 1600?
Are Actor Nominations Still Tallied If They Win The Award?
Is wimpy kid a novel?
Can you consider an adaptation a original story?
Would anyone be willing to read some of my writing?
Is my story too cliche?
trying to find richard bagley last knon in wolverhapton uk?
how to find my name REVIELYN PALERMO PENOLA as a member of sss?
Can I inherit my ancestor's memories?
Make a similarity/connection between Aristotle and one famous non-traditional philosopher?
Favorite Jane Austen novel?
how to find my name Revielyn Palermo Penola to the list that im a member of sss?
Hi! Can u plzz check this scene I wrote for a book I want to write? This is my first time?
What do you think of my theory about life?
I was wondering if Percy jackson and Heroes of olympus are novels?
Would you please critique and correct this write?
Can someone help me come up with a research topic for my Early Middle Ages class?
Would you please correct and critique this write?
What's the purpose of life?
What is this logo ?!?
drawing and painting classes in hyderabad?
Help! I need some small ideas for my novella!?
is this from any anime series of just a drawing?
How did you learn to sight read?
Which artist do you like most?
What happened to the Iroquois and Wyandat-Huron people formerly living in Essex County?
Advice on writing gay character within fantasy novel?
I think my life is ruined & I don't know what to do?
Which character would you be if you were in Harry Potter?
What are similar books?
If i put a fantasy school in my novel will it be compared to harry potter?
Would you read this short novel? Improvement?
Do you look exactly like you do in pictures?
Abacus is the first electro- mechanical computer ever invented in the history of computer?
Where to find freelance merchandise designers? (Clothing, jewelry, cups, keychains, etc.)?
Advancement of maturity through love?
iPhone 4 Camera is very blurry!?
how much is this book worth?
What is a good book or series on classical studies?
Grand designs 2001 . Did the regency house ever get finished and did Helen (wife and self build)spit the dummy?
How did the Great Depression affect the economy, and how is it compared to today?
Is there a ideal website to share thoughts?
Where are open auditions for musicians posted in New York?
How do I start a(n) [movie] acting career?
qoute that somewhat summarizes the first half of the book from \all quiet on the western front\?
what are 2-3 paradoxes in the book \all quiet on the western front\?
what is the primary conflict in the book \all quiet on the western front\?
Was Queen Elizabeth II ever an Empress ?
Please read details first! What are the negative aspects of nationalism?
Did Mao Zedong match the symptoms of a Sociopath?
what important traditions does your family keep ?
what are some ways i can keep my characters on the road?
Why is honesty and trust so important?
What page was it where Katniss mentioned hunting with her father? 10 points!?
Is anyone represented by a talent agency that I can submit to ?
Did hercules actually fight in the thracian wars?
How do I get more speed when doing the 2000 spin?
What is the definition of true love? ( edited).?
Which Was the World's First Indo_European Empire?
How can I ask people for a photo ?
what do you think about this fariytale? 10 points?
what do you think about this story? 10 points?
Have the words \you need help\ ever been said with actual compassion?
Antigone acting tips?
Short Story Publishing?
What should I name my character?
I want a good secret name for my grumpy and cruddy Boss!?
I want to audition for acting in Sm global audition? Anyone have experience from the previous auditions?
What should I name her character?
Who constructed the tympanum of the central portal of Basilica of St. Mary Magdalene?
Why did we enjoy jumping? Is jumping a safe activity? Is it better to sit and be quiet?
Am I allowed to email Talent Agencies that I am interested in being represented ?
Can you give a short summarry of percy jackson?
My dad wants to read my work? Fanfiction?
Good start for a story?
I need a cover for my book, but I can't draw...?
How long does it take for a casting call to be posted on the southern casting call (please help)?
I need a cover for my book, but I can't draw...?
Why does Japan have a very bad history with most Asian countries?
trace the evulotion of geography as a distinct discipline?
Is BookFari the cheapest online bookstore to buy books?
Define these literary element terms, please?
A book with magic as unique as the death gate cycle with writing of the same caliber as Brandon Sanderson?
Similar books to these?
What are the branches of knowledge in epistemology?
How to get over a book and/or game obsession?
The world doesn't owe you anything?
Tips on becoming an actor?
Photography copyright questions?
Writing a story, which idea is better?
How is my plot coming along?
what kind of dance training experience do you need to go to a bfa dance program?
Why did the numbers of volunteers decrease in ww1?
My sister and I need a picture photoshopped. Who can we hire to do this?
what was Britain called before the Romans came?
Convincing My Mom to Let Me Go to Camp...?
Who has red nightmare city by Andrew klavan?
how do i get inspired to continue a book?
What is the order of mary poppins books?
What is a good kind of phone to get for taking good pictures?
Never be afraid to let things inspire you?
You cannot tame life?
Is it legal to perform fellati0 on banana in a public place, say a mall?
What is the best way to achieve inner peace?
What is a dark sounding string I can use on my viola?
where can I order the orbs of creation by D.A.King online as a e book?
How to take a good FaceBook photo?
Can I have a professional career in ballet with a low instep?
What should I do for this script in drama?
What do you think of this?
Tight core in 30 days!!!?
The Road by Cormac McCarthy?
Which do you prefer teen romance readers?
I want to learn how to do the splits? Can you share some stretches and advice with me?
Why poetry is important?
good (free) people finding sights?
Do you think trolls could be used in teen romance novels?
highschool dance names?
How to improve? My story?
Should we correct the g@y problem?
why are horatio and fortinbras left alive at the end of hamlet?
need help with fanfic im writing!!?
I am planning to get the hollywood smile?
How to find my mother maiden name?
Need new fantasy books to read?
Are you in the right frame of mind to make life changing decisions or not?
which book should i read next?
Listen and tell me what this sounds like? please, thx?
If you could have dinner with three people from history who would it be and why?
Could you do God's work even if it meant regretting the day you were born?
How many words do you need for your book to be published by Dorrance publishing?
What fundamental ideas and institutions were the Roman emperors subject to?
I am good at drawing and want to draw comics and also learn fine art. How to improve upon this skill?
Who is the greatest short story writer of all time?
Concerned about starting pointe?
Feedback on my plot idea?
I need a really good book to read! My favorite is The book thief! Any recommendations?
How do I script a musical piece?
Need this for a story?
How old would you be if you didn’t know how old you are?
Conquering stage fright?
What to read after \Sophie's World: A Novel About the History of Philosophy\?
Why does Harper Lee use such contrasting characters (like Bob Ewell and Atticus Finch)?
Define the love of young children in nazi propaganda?
Let me tempt you with a sonnet opening stanza, care to add?
How would you rate Stephen King as a writer?
Is there any such thing as overpopulation?
help! my Reeves acrylic painting medium smells bad?
Can I get some inspiration for a story?
Do you think your life has a great purpose?
Trying to remember the title of a book read, years ago.?
Why are movies that are adapted from the books different?
Cultivo Una Rosa Blanca meaning?
Looking for a Duo Jazz song?
Photography Contests in MO?
I need ideas for a new story that I want to write?
Who are some authors that write from unfamiliar perspectives?
I want to write a story, but I'm not sure where to start?
Is it a good sign you can sing when others start to sing with you after getting quiet to listen?
What was Gandhi's philosophy?
what do you think makes up a book and why?
What did they call Palestineans before they adopted that title?
I feel so sad. I am miserable. Have no energy to do anything yet have to force myself because others depend?
Where will humanity be in another 200 years time?
How do I resize my photos so my digital frame will display them?
Is green a creative color?
what is your favorite genre and why?
Why did the Nazi's target Gay Men but not Lesbians?
how to plug in an amp into your computer?
What kind of dance do you do with your boyfriend if its your first dance with him?? HELP!!!?
Digital Art Vs Traditional Art?
Does anyone know any good Blender tutorials?
Hey ladies, which would you do?
Philosophical question?
Are most visual artists good musicians too?
What does it mean to be a natural actor? Also how can you watch your work without criticizing it?
What do you think is consciousness ?
I need a 16 line pet peeve poem?
What is the name of Antonin Dolohov's curse?
How do you know if a story is better for FICTION or TV/FEATURES?
world history question?
How do I tell a story with nothing but pictures?
Why is giving a character strengths and good qualities...?
Need help on the answers for the Hobbit book by J.R.R Tolkien?
Did Henry Hudson have an education? If so what is it?
Critique my writing please?
what could mke a good villain name?
Those who dare to fail miserably, can achieve greatly?
What poem should I do for my project?
Is there a way for scanned photos to be uploaded to a Wacom tablet?
\ Sonnet 197\ have you found what you were looking for in love? Care to C/C?
What changes or additions would you make to my essay?
What is wrong with gathering info for a possible novel inthe works?Just want to know how towrite a ballet.?
Why do the shapeshifters in Twilight have such huge appetites?
Could I write a chapter comprised of letters?
Does a paramecium have organs why or why not?
what happened in history around October 2013?
what happened in history in 2007?
How to take a blurred motion photo of people in a hallway?
What do you think of The Joker's philosophy?
As you've gone through life, have you started seeing repeat humans?
what are the similes of the poem \A Narrow Fellow In Grass\?
Why does Laszlo tell the band to play La Marseillaise in Casablanca?
Any body read code name verity?
Info on the French Revolution ?
There is nothing wrong with being driven?
What are some topics from the 1930s that are good topics for a History paper?
Is disdain for humanity justified in the face of cigarettes, Budweiser, Wonder Bread and cod fish?
What kind of invitations can I make?
Are there any pictures of Deborah Gail Stone dead? her body?
I need help starting acting?
black and whites? (raciest era) history?
Why does the wolf howl at the moon Poem?
Help with short story/novel development!?
Would Britain have kept its empire if WW2 never happened?
How does supernatural romance usual start?
What would the value be for a RIchard Pettit serigraph?
Pepsi now makes money selling water, which is free. When will pepsi start selling air?
Was George VI a good King of the United Kingdom?
It is the wrong piano technique to not use your pinkie here?
Write a thesis statement about john Locke and his influence on government. List three pieces of evidence you c?
How do you take a time lapse photo of people?
what did gandhi accomplish while in Africa in terms of the rights of Indians in South Africa?
Acting coaches in maryland?
How do I ace my audition for Seussical?
Is to conquer one's self to surrender or to fight?
What is the meaning of Edmund Spenser's \Sonnet 3\?
School play question!!?
what is the setting in the book the life and crimes of bernetta wallflower?
Would you be interested in reading this book?
is this photograph good or bad?
Would you be interested in reading this book?
Discuss how we can recognize foreshadowing even before we know the climax?
What do you think about the philosophy, \fake it until you make it\?
Vietnam war, LBJ, and nixon, help? i need sources?
what was Robert Sobukwe's ideology?
Philosophy Flyswatter: Why can't I hide my emotions when there's a spider on me?
Ballet and when to start pointe?
I have to make a photogram for photography club. Got any cool ideas as to what to put in it?
Philosophical \Everything is...\ statements?
IM SO ANGRY AT MYSELF AGH?
List of Biographies on Alice Liddell?
How to write combat.?
Do you plan to watch \Nova: Alien Planets Revealed\ tonight on PBS?
What is resin (material)?
Could girls ever become Rajputs in medieval India?
What size should the cover be of a novel that has 30 chapters with different word counts?
Where is a good place to hide a dead body?
Under the First US Constitution could the President of the Continental Congress be born overseas ?
Is a Girl's heart like a Door without a Wall,where a Boy builds a Fence (Love) and a Wall (Marriage)?
How was music in the life of a pioneer?
To get all of creative cloud or just a couple?
School talent show tips?
do you think this photo is ok for facebook? :3?
How do we determine someones beauty?
Has anyone read Lord Of The Flies?
Did the Korean War make America look good?
desperate need of a poem please help?
can being a radio announcer be a good start to being an actorr?
U.S History Prohibition ideas please?
Could this be possible?
What are reasons why the West gained guns, germs, and steel?
If you could be any book character who would be?
Politics in Watchmen?
What book should I read?
Which is better? To be friends with losers who pull you down, or friends with no one?
Slight writers block? stuck with wording?
What does this quote mean: God is a concept by which we measure our pain?
What does On one's own head meaning?
What do you think of my writing & it's overall quality? (I'd like lots of answers!)?
Possession by Elana Johnson?
What rating should my book be on Wattpad?
Popular authors not from North America or Great Britain?
Are any ebook subscription services worth it?
dean mlx pick up screws?
Lose weight by eating at McDonalds?
A poem to read with props?
What do you think of the quality of my writing? I'm talking voice, tone, characters, dialogue, etc.?
How do I make my back leg straighter and higher when I'm doing an arabesque?
I want a long, picaresque novel set in the 60s or 70s with lots of weird outcast characters...?
what is something that can represent the 9th amendment?
What is the name of this book?
Does this sound like it will work for my story?
In art what type of picture is this?
Hamlet Question? Help?
Trying to understand a symbol in \The Catcher in the Rye\ (mild-spoiler)?
Books similar to Twin Peaks or any David Lynch film?
help with humanism? PLEASE HELP!?
What were the conditions in the south regarding the following: a) cities b) economy c) agriculture d) blacks?
a river on which ships can travel is navigable?
What celebrity does this sketch look like to you?
Good microphone for recording electric and acoustic guitar?
Any idea for a short story set in a store?
What is the principle of \free information flow\?
When will they know if they found King Afred the Great, the First King of England?
What were the rights and responsibilities of Oskar Schindler?
CATCHER IN THE RYE: What caused Holden Caulfied to want to become \catcher in the rye?\?
why was Britain victorious in the plains of Abraham?
What do we look like in real life...?
I need to interview someone(55 years or older) about the JFK Assassination, but i don't know who.?
Recommend a book for a 20-something?
Blackbeard The Pitate?
I have a project to do and need advice?
Things that represent low/high expectations?
Why do we choose what we choose ?
Identify attitude relating to two different cultures?
What? Is books of Ghose-Bums Satanico?
What is a Wacom tablet used for?
Is it wrong to do this?
Tips in doing a double pirouette?
what was a direct result of thr black death in europe?
What are the top three places female teens go with friends?
What does my \Pottermore\ wand mean?
If I post a picture of the statue of David by Michelangelo on Facebook, can i get flagged?
Help With A Story! Please?
Who was the first president under the Articles of Confederation?
Which Stephen King book should I read next?
how has this site affect your attitudes/view-points?
What is the mood of pride and prejudice?
Where can i find Día de Muertos items this time of year?
what's want me to draw?
What is the deal with the narrator in the book Peter Pan?
What do you think of my poems?
CATCHER IN THE RYE: What caused Holden Caulfied to want to become \catcher in the rye?\?
Thoughtless Philosophy: How can we need each other when we'll guessing pictures in out mind?
What is the relationship between fiction and non-fiction?
Good picture editing app that's FREE where I can crop pictures and add to another pic?
what was the outcome of the franco-thai war?
What literary period did Lovecraft write for?
how much is my black oscar schmidt acoustic electric guitar worth?
Percent of children in Civil War?
Part time love, could it ever happen?
How to not get stage fright when doing a monologue?
what is one of the hyperbole of the poem \A Narrow Fellow In Grass\?(please help)?
Philosophy Yeah: Do you need someone to carry your feelings while your thinking,..uh..do ya?
Do you write in a diary?
I want to be a actor So bad what if i ruin my future and i fail? Pls Read DETAILS?
how much is my black oscar schmidt acoustic electric guitar worth?
I need help with story 10 pts?
My memory card fills up too quickly?
Is The Tale of Genji the first novel ever written?
Dancing HHHEEEELLLLLLPPPPP?
Crazy people need love to, your thoughts?
why was the capital of England moved to London ?
i just want to end it all?
A Midsummer Night's Dream language between scenes?
Clockwork orange book for a 14 year old going on 15?
How do I know if the doujinshi is age appropriate?
What were the results of World War II other then just the defeat of Hitler?
What part of your world needs help?
What are some interesting events that happened in Canada during February 1944?
What was that one Greek writing about homosexuality? The kinda crude one?
question regarding the book in cold blood?
Philosophy gone hay wire: Why shouldn't I just pick you up and toss you in the lake?
Are there any books that have martial art fighting?
PLEASE PLEASE HELP ! I need a cosplay character idea any suggestions ?!?
What is the theme of the poem \Glass\ by A.R Ammons?
Can I draw a sketch on canvas with a pencil and then paint over with oil paints? I also use Liquin with it.?
What are some good books that have an 8.5-9.7 AR level?
Are you tired of all the evil in the world?
What are some good stories or books to read?
Why are we afraid of death?
compare 1984 and the road?
how can I teach myself ninjitsu?
QUICK! Question about the Odyssey?
Creative writing intro help?
What are some good books on Wattpad?
i really needed HELP! STORY HELP?
Why should i not kill my self?
What to do about turning 29? So much left to do in life and not enough time!?
USA and China supported Khmer Rouge and Polpot?
what is a good book to read?
What should I expect from a casting?
Who was the first king of England?
My agent isn't getting me enough acting auditions! what do i do?
neeeeed help with love storyyyyy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!?
History help fast please!!?
Love story help please!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!?
Sound devices help in poetry?
Ingrediants for glittery water?
Please help me with the STORY?
Which states now make up land once claimed by the colony of Virginia?
How does the writing field use communication?
Who lived in the western part of the land claimed by the colony of Georgia?
What materials can a hand engraver be used on?
This is a poem which my friend showed me. But I cannot make out. Is this a correct English?
How do you make an origami swan using fruit?
I need frozen the script plz help?
Which is better flute or violin?
What object symbolizes the American government?
how many pixels is needed for a 18x24 canvas print?
I need help with what to wear for dance exams?
why is freedom important ?
Post World War 2 development of France, Germany and Spain. What effect on contemporary culture has this had?
Names for modern gothic book on mythical creatures?
Is Amethyst a good name?
Please Help! What would an open day/ induction day for a THEATRE be like?
Why do we in New Zealand get no re-play options of Emmerdale?
Recommendations for Ancient Egyptian videos and books?
What are my chances of becoming a professional dancer? And what do i need to do to become one?
What were the motives for exploration beyond Europe and Africa?what were some obstacles natural and political?
how are virtues and a good life with happiness related?
I need help with guitar strumming!?
What should be my next lens?
Describing an attack by a bee?
Tips to improve my vector art?
The Mirror of Reason and experiment gone Wrong... or Right? May i have your opinion?
Is this story idea worth pursuing?
Constructive criticism on my writing?
Discussion question on \Where I lived and what I lived for.\ By: Henry Thoreau?
Anyone read insurgent?
Best 6th form drama colleges in London?
Should I read 'The Hobbit' or 'Lord of The Rings' first?
I don't know what to do any opinions?
Have I gone too far...?
Green day musical question?
How to rule a kingdom?
Could someone help me with a chapter that refuses to come together?
Who trained slaves...Athenians or Spartans ?
how do i draw and style standard anime hair?
What was the Significance of the Ending/Closing scene Of Mice and Men?
Young actresses with auburn hair?
What are some actors that would fit the role of romeo and juillet?
Do you think I am a good writer?
Six-day creationism theory?
Which research topic should I choose?
Is Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance by Robert Pirsig worth a read? Is it \New Age\?
How did Voldemort lose his nose?
Can someone answer this?
Hitler's \Final Solution\?
How to \make\ readers care about characters?
American Revolution project help!?!?
Help with short story?
I'm Really Sore from holding my splits! Help!?
What is a happy soul?
What should I sing for my SCPA Audition?
What Disney Princess do I look like the most?
Did wuthering heights makes anyone else feel depressed?
Julius Caesar's relation with Gaul?
What were the impacts of the reformation and the most important of them?
What are strong characteristics of a folk tale.?
VERY CREATIVE INSTAGRAM NAMES?
can you write a poem with these things in it? (5 points)?
Is this good? (Book)?
hod did church practices from 1300-1400 influence martin luther?
What is a good excerpt from one of nathaniel hawthornes pieces that portrayes his style of writing?
How do you price a painting?
All of the following American beliefs promoted the concept of Manifest Destiny except:?
How to get my leg higher in ballet?
Analysis Poem You've Got To Hide Your Love Away?
Should I buy a 7-string guitar?
How is the opening of this chapter?
History: How did the US feel about Diefenbaker's wheat sales to China?
What font is this? Please Answer <3?
what are some beast quotes in the lord of the flies?
Writing about autism?
A good free website for an aspiring writer?
How to draw manga art better?
Is it weird to dislike humankind/society?
can anyone with ancestry.com account help me? I am looking for Paolo Montini in lombardy?
Blonde vine girl please help?
Do I have all of the most famous Russian/Soviet leaders here, or are there more?
Is picking animation as a university course worth it?
How is The Tale of Peter Rabbit seen as a cautionary tale?
Help on my story im writing.?
how to portray a Giant in theatre?
Who was the first King of France?
Who was the first King of England?
Good books to read for young adults? (18-22)?
Writing characters that belong to a religion that I don't?
I was adopted and need to find relatives.?
Killing romance in story?
would this make a good teen drama book?
For my theater class we need to choose a song to turn into a Monologue. Any suggestions?
Does this make you sad?
Good, clean songs to dance to?
I am applying for funding in the Uk and one of the questions is what kind of heritage does my work deal with?
Need help for fantasy novel?
Kids someone write me a 8 line poem with two stanzas?
Meaning of Desert By Josephine Miles?
Could You Please Rate My Writing?
How Much Violence and Profanity is in the Books No Country for Old Men and The Road?
Would you take time to critique this piece?
Can anyone name me 3 textiles artists whom are inspired by travelling?
What' a more poetic way to say each basic phrase?
name for famine as a character?
I was just wandering...?
does this sound good?
the defirences between the jane eyre book and film?
the defirences between the book and film?
the defirences between the book and film?
Same great books to read ( for 16 year old ) ?
need a good new book series?
What age would you say that Gone Girl by Gillian Flynn is appropriate to read?
Can performing in a school production count as acting expirence if it goes on your CV?
How long it will gonna take to learn flute?
Has anyone read Nietszche's Beyond Good & Evil?
why did you leave deviant art?
Is the song 'I Can Do That from a Chorus Line a character song?
Poetic Devices: The terrace at berne by: Matthew arnold?
What's that book or book series?
History Assignments help !!?
What is the essence of evil? Do empathetic people feel it the most?
How did the Government help medicine in Roman times?
How effectively were the goals of the Congress of Vienna met between 1815 and 1848?
i feel lost, alone and isolated without the internet, does anyone know why?
Can you name all Russian/Soviet leaders since Nicholas Romanov II?
Help on making a monologue?
Under The Never Sky- Veronica Rossi book fans help?
Who was Emperor during the fall of the Roman Empire ?
What did people use instead of toilet paper in Nazi Germany?
What are some good, modern books to read?
What is the difference between ego and personality?
Do you find this short story scary?
Broadway Solo Song for Altos?
I need to know some Great Musical Theatre Duets between a male and a female, I need to to be dance heavy!?
If it was 1880 and you were a cowboy or miner, what would the upsides and downsides of those jobs be?
Looking for a critique forum?
i have 3 questions about this camera!!?
What's is the book \Out of my mind\ by Sharon M. Draper about?
What are some ideas for the front of my sketchbook?
What can I use in place for metal hoops for dreamcatchers?
What are 3 main reasons the Hatfield/McCoy fued started?
What is the plantation house in terms of slavery of the blacks?
help find syntax in these poems?
HONESTLY: What do you think of this opening to my fantasy novel?
what is the best book to revise AS goegraphy ?
Goof name for a motorcycle?
Help!!! I'm confused!?
How much would you pay for this painting?! (Pic in description)?
How can i become an actress at 14?
how important is \shutter lag?\?
How would I become a nude model for an art class?
Are there any publishers accepting child authors like Schoolastic?
Prose paraphrase help!?
Did Napoleon do more to preserve or destroy the legacy of the French revaloution?
Is The Blood of Olympus the end of Percy Jackson?
What's the best way to shoot this close up?
Napolean conquer for his own glory?
Help! What is this book called?
Book in Diary formant about a women raver?
Which is worse? To have a hope that never comes to fruition, or to not have that hope at all?
Tom Clancy novels what to start with?
how much does an actor make?
Ways to start up a good blog?
Skin Safe Spray Paint?
Harry Potter Homework?
Is it possible to write jokes of other people in your book?
What's the most active haiku forum/community online?
History; Reflecting on the New Deal?
History Churchill or Roosevelt? please?
Can school performances be counted as acting experience?
Did Charlie sleep with Mary Elizabeth in The Perks of being a Wallflower.?
Is #2 oil any good after it jels?
Another question about Mysticism?
How should I begin my story?
which is more important: the sensor or the lens?
I'm searching for one painting from Zwinger art gallery?
What does saturation mean?
what do you think the author's motive is in writing this passage?
How does Macbeth change in the Shakespeare play?
What is worse slavery in America or the industrial revolution?
should i make my character pregnant? ANSWER QUICK PLS??
What are some good thriller books?
Why was there conflict between France and Britain in north america?
Highlander romance book with a warrior heroine?
what are some good teen books at the moment?
As a new nation,who's ruling were we trying to declare independence from?
Where did the \official\ traits of Hufflepuffs come from?
How to reword this sentence?
I want to write a book for teenagers but what generes sell?
who are the best writing agents in the UK?
Reading suggestions for philosophy?
What is a situation where someone seems dead, but isn't?
do shinsekai yori,shiki and fate/zero has romance?
Don't fish for strawberries in the bottom of the sea?
Does this sound right to you?
Whats the theme to the book \The Selection\ by Kiera Cass?
How to make a homemade dance mirror?
How does my prolouge sound, so far?
What percentage of...............?
Strongest Glow in The Dark Fabric Paint?
What do you think of this YA title?
You have remembered that a goal on this earth is to be faithful?
I'm looking for similar type books/ stories?
What is the attraction of the fiction of opposites like day/night, good/evil?
How can I improve my English for writing?
Do you think that my book is good?
Where can I possibly learn the magic of quick changing (costumes)?
Please help me it would mean a lot? How do I start it?
Name suggestions for a story?
What is Clocky Clockwork and Ticci Toby's story?
Help! With aurora 3D animation maker?
The ruler of the Qin Dynasty, Shi Huangdi, founded which political philosophy?
Melody Haven or Avery Haven??
I have an english literature exam tomorrow (GCSE)- the poetry one, do you get a copy of the poems?
What types of literature did Rasputin read?
Does intermediate foundation rad ballet involve pointe?
im 13 and im looking for a good creaer?
is there any evidence that europeans used the human skins of natives as clothes to keep warm. some mexica dude?
What is the best choice in life? Yourself or Suggested by others?
What is the best choice in life? Yourself or Suggested by others?
I am a freshman in high school, tried out for the school musical, and did not get a part. :(?
Which reforms were part of the Populist Party's platform?
How does nature affect a child's social development. ?
Is it a bad sign if somebody applying for the same course in the same uni hears back from them before you do?
Why was there anything to cause a Big Bang in the first place and where did it come from?
What do you think of this PICTURE?
Is this the right thing to do?
What to do in an acting audtion?
Is it a bad idea to buy a guitar online?
Description for my story? Please answer!!!?
What shoes do Rockettes wear?
Is My Story Good So Far? Help!?
Becoming a movie actor: How?
What art genre do my paintings fall under?
How do you write and speak in a way that is interesting and doesn't bore people?
5 STARSS Please help me!, PROPAGANDA HOMEWORK (HISTORY)?
Tell me 5 slapstick routines please?
Anyone know of any good online writing software?
Can anyone help me trace a book? It's about a boy in a cult...?
How To Make Realistic Human-Like Person/Statue ?
Is this a good start to my story?
Book with male protagonist that has been presumed dead?
Good nickname for my main character?
What is a good comparative essay title for 1984 and The Handmaid's Tale?
lbxkxxggzixfzgxlxkgxog?
Vampire diaries show and books?
How do you write and speak in a way that is interesting and doesn't bore people?
How to make a time-lapse video?
Was WW1 caused by religion?
How do you get the toolbar back on PaintTool SAI?
How to sharpen our minds? Are mental exercises successful?
Can't think of a character design?
Constructive criticism on a short story?
Do you know any dance games?
Who are the best white tattoo artists in Vancouver wa?
Good genre for a descriptive writer?
What is your method for writing a book?
With the expansion and success of the Russian Empire how did Hitler deem them subhuman?
Walking dead comic book series worth reading?
I'm stuck on creating a story plot?
Fantasy book suggestions?
Why would a monster be hunting a girl?
storyline ideas please help!?
\What To Do When You Regret A Lot\........................?
is the nazi sign a flag of germany or purely racist?
Words to use in a poem?
Who is Euclid of Alexandria?
How is the opening of this story?
How many words can fit into one page?
American Horror Story: Zoe Benson?
help with dance song please?
Where was kalidas the great poet born ?
Is it time to play again - a poem for c/c?
Are Epiphone and Gibson related to each other?
How would these archetypes sound in a story?
Is the Universe expanding? And what is it expanding into?
How can I show instead of tell here?
Is 'Lord of the Rings' an example of magical realism?
Did charlotte in charlottes web die because her babies ate her?
what's the difference between a cheese cloth vs a normal cloth when used in painting?
family listed in two census records same year different places?
Fake Country names...?
Good website to buy cheap posters?
What play should I direct?
Do you feel happy after you do something good?
I have the GCSE art subject of 'visible and hidden'. What could i do for one of my final pieces?
Lord of the rings question?
how do you re write a poem in todays english?
i need a short french poem help?
Gcse art themes 2014?
Is it better to be right or happy?
How much does the transformation on the full moon hurt, from man to wolf . I would like to know what to expect?
favorite characters in clannad?
Wizarding world of Harry Potter question, what wands does Olivanders sell?
Should we have universal meanings for colours world wide,? So we will have one meaning globally.?
What lessons about life are presented in Cyrano de Bergerac?
I'm having problem in knowing the philosopher who said \philosophy begins in wonder\?
what are the duties of clearing agent and forwading agent?
how do you think gillian clarkes writing makes 'the babysitter' such a though provoking poem?
Photo Critique for iStock?
Which story opening is better?
Sending barely nude pictures?
How to write the beginning of a book?
Which of these was a reason the US adopted a policy of isolationism before World War II?
Who are the examples of people who didn't get recognition for what they have done?
Is this a good start for a novel?
What type of poem was in, \The Man Who Was Thursday\?
I dont know how to dance, it may cause a problem later on?
Where to focus to get a similar photo?
Has ever read the book From \Superman\ to Man by J. A. Rogers and could give a summary of the book?
Where is a good place I can receive feedback on my novel?
What triggered the hippie movement?
chinese american writer ?
i want to know about ir termometer?
What colour purple is this paint? What is the name of the paint or where could i find it?
What are some good names for a guy?
Why don't we remove these dictators?
Why am I more comfortable acting on a stage than I am around my peers?
Is starting a story with dialogue a bad idea?
Im writing fanfiction now, but I need the whole Holmes family tree?
Best Photo Editor Raw -- HDR ?
How should I end the story?
Books recommendations??
was my last boyfriend cheating on me when he was in New York?
Can e books work on iPads?
The difference in years between Vikram Era and Christian era is?
The first Indian Elected to the parliament of Great Britain was?
Do you agree that this is (a) a section for philosophical questions and (b) if so, answers must be rational?
I get jealous of my ancestors?
Should I write a memior/autobiography?
Part of a naval ship of the 19th century?
How much human history has changed in the past 200 years?
Chronology in Harry Potter Order of the Phoenix?
meaning of \If you’re not living on the edge, you’re taking up too much space\?
what was Machiavelli's main views on Republicanism?
Effects of the Fall of Communism?
Compared to other romance sub-plots, does this sound less cliché and more enjoyable?
Can I use these names for characters without it seeming like I've stolen them?
Will Strong Artificial Intelligence ever truly be achieved & what still needs to be determined to facilitate?
I want to read the 47 ronin book. can anyone help me what book to start with?
Any title suggestions for my story?
Are there historical records on UFOs?
is gesso the same as texture white?
what is Vedic Management?
How to take a photo similar to this?
What does Jasper Hale smell of?
Do ASDA (UK) still develop colour film?
What Effects Did The Romans Have On Britain Today?
I feel like a failure and not made this world?
I want to become a music director for films. What should i do?
Is there a poetic way to tell someone you're sick of hearing about his homemade chicken enchiladas?
I am in need of a short story idea...any ideas?
guys help me with my literature analysis. Christina Rossetti's poem called sonnet: i wish i could....?
Do I need model manniquins for both genders?
Boarder in 1911 Census of Scotland?
Is There Any Good Pole Dancing Places In Ga With A Good Price?
Is this a phase? Please advice?
Is it possible to alter my destiny without knowing my fate?
What is your opinion on hardcore porn mags and pin up girls?
Do you think Airbrush Art is sometimes 'cheesy'?
Any website which i can send and receive corrections for my poems via email?
Can man forget that he is human?
Information on the Tea Act and the Stamp Act...?
I need to know the name of that story?
is mixing three mythologies in one novel will ruin it?
Is it wrong to read badly written fiction like it's the best thing in the world?
Can you please help me with this story idea?
Can someone recommend me a good books about nazis before WWII?
How would you warm up for performing a Korean fan dance?
What were all the states that had the Jim Crow law ?
Character help please?
The Restaurant at The End of The Galaxy by Douglas Adams?
Interesting book ideas please.?
How to continue this story?
How do we really know that this is real?
is tuck everlasting a romance?
define the causes of distrust on statistics?
Nokia110 camara problem?
I am thinking about joining Smtown?
What sort of device do I need to start drawing cartoons on my laptop?
Do you believe that the 'ideal pop star' image is too unachievable?
Should the music industry focus less on image?
What's your salary monthly?
help was this a horrible idea?
Photographic conundrum?
What would be a good name for this race in my story?
Why do indian people love the country of india but hate the british?
I need help to cartoonize a portrait.?
Which do you think I should read first.........................…?
what is a good philosophy book you would recommend to somebody new to reading philosophy?
Nikon D7100 HDR mode?
Isaac Newton was Evil!!!?
Do you like this photo?
is the ukelele hard to learn?
When will we witness the end of the world?
HELP ME PLEASE. ANYONE READ DROP CITY?
Confidence, Arrogance, and Humility... What is the difference?
Poetry Rewriting Help?
Question about long naps?
how does literature affect history?
r u repenting on your born(present status)does u aspire for a new 2nd birth chance to live better life styles.?
I need help about art?
Trying to find information on Herman Willox/willcox? between 1852 -1962?
Critical analysis of the poem on journeys through the states?
how do you become at war with yourself?
i need a manga artist?
Why peter jackson wont make his own sequel of LOTR?
lens flares ... do they have a point?
Cover of the solo from sweet child o\ mine ? Hows it?
Any serious acting tips or advice?
why we live in the universe?
How to give a guy a lap dance?
What to do with this craft owl I made out op cardboard? pic included*?
how do you know that the theme is of a novel?
Paradise Lost in full, free modern english version?
I want to become a model.how should i start?what do i do first?
what is the main idea of the black veil?
What type of dance should I do on my laptop to fix it...?
Looking for 3 minute poems on social issues in english?
Help with some mythological creatures, please?
Where can I find my real parents?
Completed story on Wattpad. Need opinions?
Should I quit dancing?
Is my book good so far, be honest?
Feeling angry and frustrated - what do I do?
How do I make my pictures look like this?
Why do 13 books get attributed to Paul?
I want images that are catching to the eyes?
Questions on Easter Wings by George Herbert?
why nothing goes waste in a forest?
How to learn ukulele??
I need help thinking of names for the main protagonists for a fantasy story?
Illustrator or graphic design ?
Difference between online Art School like AIO and Traditional College?
What are the similarities and differences between The Horses, The Thought Fox and Pike by Ted Hughes?
Why doesn't a Girl responds to ur Message?
Why doesn't a Girl responds to ur Message?
Help with Book Printing?
People of colour in high fantasy?
should I change my last name to starring or stevens? please help?
People of colour in high fantasy?
should I change my last name to starring or stevens? please help?
stripper?.. yay.. or nay?
What are the differences in decolonisation of india and vietnam?
Who was the first person to discover light?
I need to know every thing about this Ruissian canvas?
What would you rate my artwork?
If you could change the world, where would you start?
Is Romeo and Juliet based on a true story?!! Did they actually exist ?
I need a name for a fake video game?
Acting , auditions information ( help please )?
Is it possable to look at yourself differently to how other people see you?
What is the title of this children's book about a girl and her dragon?
How do I get into modeling at 13?
Film Camera Questions!?
How do I become a successful actor?
Action/Adventure SciFi/Fantasy Novel with a Strong Female Protagonist, recommendations?
Best acting agent or agent agency for beginners?
School Project History of Ballet & Modern Dance?
Why is Reading may refer as communication process? I really need your opinion.?
Is Medusa can control his eyes for turning peoples into stones?
last name similar to Pennington?
What is the font used for the word \GYM\ in the UFC gym logo?
Which classic novel should I start with?
Please suggest me book/s with story plot like \Boy hates girl then later beginning to love her...\?
Can you draw my dream girl?
how to save snapchats without taking a screen shot?
I can't breathe when I play my clarinet?
Is the Makala Dolphin Ukelele good?
Am i the only one who's kind of upset about who they're casting as Augustus in the movie for TFIOS?
Help me find a name for my characters!?
What's the point in living?
Paper stop motion help!?!?
Why do the Seven need to go to Athens? (PJO/HOO)?
What do German people think of Nazi as today?
\Mysteries of Asia: Lost Temples of India\- A documentary on Tanjore Temple.What is your opinion?
How did the Arthurian Legends start?
I have a book report on \Carrie\ need help getting info on Stephen King w/o wiki?
I have a book report on \Carrie\ need help getting info on Stephen King w/o wiki?
Writing a short story, need opinions?
Best Lens for Travel/Daily Life Shots?
Hey, you with the hair! Take a listen to some...?
are you supposed to be able to read in your head? is this how everyone reads?
Help!! How can I ask a guy to Sadie's dance?!!?
Can male poets do this for me?
I need some help with history homework, please?
Need help finding a fantasy/adventure teen novel?
I'm looking for a good comic dramatic duo interpenetration for two guys. anyone got any ideas?
How should I go about getting feedback on my work in progress novel?
What book has a drug where looking at fire \feels better than sex\?
What's the minimum for a monologue?
The Hunger games is amazing?
Any Character Last Names?? >.<!?
What was the society in Rome and Carthage before the punic war?
Canon EOS 600D - \Cannot playback image\?
Secret life of bees help?
Can you use famous quotes as chapter headings for a published book?
Good Beginner Hip Hop Dance classes in NY?
Common sense is not a gift, it's a punishment.?
what was former germans national plane color?
I am in search of a dance class/school for my daughters in Philafelphia PA?
did Tsar Nicholas II live up to his expectations?
What were Abraham Lincoln's experience with and views on slavery growing up?
Can someone read the story I'm working on and tell me their opinions of it so far?
What is the best Edgar Allen poem that I can compare to a painting from the Romanticism period?
where can i find a referance photo of a knight?
When writing a suicide note...?
Have you read Amanda Hocking's books?
List the reasons for Jackson’s Native American removal policy. -economic -political -social?
Help on the pearl by John Steinbeck ?
How is Mina Harker portrayed in the novel dracula?
How do I tell what edition my Harry Potter book is?
How would you simplify all of society?
If you could have one wish granted...?
What is your favorite Val Kilmer movies?
How to decide whether to retaliate or to accept the situation?
How do you find ancestors jobs on ancestry.com?
Concerning Tolkien's Elves' \Immunity\?
How did jean talon try to make New France self sufficient?
Best for the money low cost beat making software?
What symbols and signs that represent me?
Can somone link me to..?
Please recommend great books to me. Please help.?
Need Ideas for a writing topic?
Of all the things that CAN be changed, is there anything that can't be changed?
Would you agree creating and drawing funny animals is a \bad habit\?
help with story writing?
Where can I find this guitar?
Questions from the Crucible?
Can the Mexican War be seen as the dress rehearsal for the Civil War?
What is the meaning of \one\?
Will all Red and Blue 3d glasses work on all screens?
History, Conferdation homework!?
Critical analysis of the poem on journeys through the states?
Illusions by Richard Back analysis help.?
Book name? Science butterfly on cover?
Do you Agree or Disagree with this saying: There is a first time for everything?
Can any one help me find an obituary?
what does \perform it\ mean in dance?
Writers block! Suggestions for the name of main male character?
Where can I find my family history? For free?
Any hunger games fans willing to help me understand hunger games?
Which decade is this historical (19th or 20th c.) outfit from?
A question on Grendel from Beowolf?
What keeps you going no matter what happens in life?
If love can conquer the great divide.....?
Good book over 600 pages?
Genealogy and Names (help please)?
Give me a good description of a whorehouse?
masons good or bad ?
What would an interesting period of Turkey be to write about?
How is it possible to grow to love something you didn't even like at first?
Does anyone know about the history of the banjo, brought to US by African slaves?
Any anime like maid sama or vampire knight?
I need a 3 minute scene?
Would this make an interesting character trait?
whats a good sidearm for an amazon?
any good book recommendations for me?
can you help me get an audition to become an actor?
Are light-skinned people of Jewish ancestry considered Caucasian? If not, what then?
Who lived in San Rafael Archangel and what did they do?
What was the function of consulados in the Spanish Empire? AP World?
Speech Presentation for Middle School?
CONCERT PHOTOGRAPHY HELP?
In the Northwest Ordinance, what happened to governor's powers once the General Assembly was established?
What should I make the cover of my story be?
3D Photo Effect? Please Help.?
Kpop weekly audition?
What should the main character be like?
Do pain and acceptance go hand in hand?
How can I start my acting career?
What would you like to choose, if you can Act on it?
What has titanium in it?
What classic poem/poet is this?
Why is beauty said to be in the eyes of the beholder?
Why do i cry when i sing?
Who are you when no-one's looking?
difference of musician to musical performer?
POP AUDITION SONG SIMILAR TO AIDA?
I want to register a title for my novel. What is the procedure?
What is a good vampire male name?
Literary Analysis Paper on Animal Farm?
US History: Compromise of 1850?
what would you be doing differently, if there were no laws?
Why were the Jim Crow laws enacted?
Has anyone tips on how to blend acrylics seamlessly?
Books With Really Good Character Development?
Courses for photography/art within the Boston area?
what were the result of the battle of the alamo?
Any books about cutting/depression suitable for guys?
How would you paint a gold cylinder from the side to get a 3D effect?
In the book, The Scorpio Races...?
Perfect picture made Grainy and Gross in Photoshop?
Any character name suggestions?
what was king phillip II of spain's relationship?
Is life just one big lie?
How to write a handjob from the giver's perspective?
What are your thoughts on Napoleon?
What are your thoughts on Napoleon?
Would this story be any good?
what are the elements and devices in this poem?
Perfect timing in Hamlet?
Which philosophers believed that the Enlightenment did not happen and who influenced it? Please explain!?
Is this an original plot idea? Is it good for YA?
What kind of genre would a court trail chorus have?
Which name is better for my main character?
What is the Indian Nationalist Movements?
Te/Ti, Me/Mi, Se/Si of Spanish and Italian?
What was the last thing that gave you chills?
Are girls impressed with a Rhythm Guitarist, Lead guitarist, or a music theorist?
Inuit/Eskimo nations?
Where are the female dancers shoes? What is in the sachel?
Good Fictional Name For A Mental Institution?
Do you think the un-pursuit of happiness brings happiness?
How have you been returning order to chaos lately?
What makes something \Deep\?
I need some help finding a Broadway song ?
What's a topic I can satirize in a poem?
Should I read the flashbacks in \The Gunslinger\?
Character description in Once Upon A Mattress?
What should i call my story?
Question about Game of Thrones?
what was the effect of the french and indian war on spain?
Where do authors get so inspired and know so much?
What are some safety hazards for Dance teams in high school?
Cat Valentine/Ariana Grande help?
Does this sound okay to you?
What specific type of music is dionysian music?
Compared to other romance sub-plots, does this sound less cliché and more enjoyable?
I want to write a book.?
Is it wrong to ask a girl to a sadie hawkins dance?
Is There????????????
I know a lot about the beatles but did the beatles make a album in 1960 or 61?
What does it really mean to be alive?
ORAL PRESENTATION THAT NEEDS A SPECIFIC VISUAL ASPECT, CREATIVE/TECH MINDS PLEASE ASSIST?
What do I do if I am unhappy? why am I unhappy?
Any advice for voice acting?
In desperate need of some modeling agencies!?
If you could choose an afterlife (life after death), what would you choose?
Would you mind critiquing my poem?
What is the poet trying to say in this poem?
What's your opinion on this song?
Do a paint artist need an licence to sell art pieces?
Traditionally in American history, Congress:?
Question about the JFK assassination?
Why are some people so full of hatred?
Just a few things I wrote, opinions?
If we all are on a predetermined path then why do people say we have free will go change our choices?
PEOPLE OF EARTH. PLEASE HELP ME DECIDE WHAT BOOK TO READ NEXT!!!?
Is a blue snowball good for recording guitar?
Help with a title for my fantasy story?
I think I'm going to kill myself someday in the future?
What do you put ahead of everything in your life, what is your number one priority?
Was austria- hungaray ,germany the ottoman empire part of the eastern powers?
Does anyone know what this book is called? About a rich girl (Brittany) who falls in love with a gang member?
How do I keep my Polaroid 300 Instant camera film from expiring?
does this sound alright?
Opinion's about Clannad After Story.?
How does Ray Bradbury in Fahrenheit 451 use literary allusions to support certain themes in the novel?
Hi, could somebody help me write a poem about world war?
Writing a book for school help?
What is the history of the Volga river?
Advice/review on my poem?
What should I name the main character of my book?
How to reinforce the will?
OMG I accidentally skipped class!?
How hard is it to get a children's book published?
What sort of personality can you think of when you hear this name?
What kind of clay do I need?
Did the Seven Years War speed up European Exploration back in 1500-1800?
Help me identify / value these paintings I have?
Julie Kagawa's The Iron Fey Series.. which order do they come in?
How would you measure the costs of the civil war against the positive changes it brought about?
Lyrical recital song for 7-8 yr olds?
African American singer blind and in a wheel chair?
Can you play any kind of rock music on a Fender Stratocaster with only three single coil pickups?
How to see more of the photo?
a long time ago, I did read a book, Tamarra Underdown and Gritzco Milaslavski story, help me to faind again?
what happened to new lands acquired by the romans?
Whats a good book for enhancing your thinking?
when was the ordinance of secession adopted in sc?
Did Lincoln view slavery as a political tool more than a moral issue? Explain please?
What were the Effects for each of them on the home front in ww1?
How to become a voice actress?
list some specific details that make civilians such as Ghana, Mali, Axum, and Kush advanced?
Good 100 page book for a 9th grader?
Investigate the circumstances leading up to the passage of this law, why was compromise so significant in 1850?
What is imagery in writing? Show don't tell?
what is your philosophy on eating well?
When did segregation officially end?
Help with a title for my fantasy story?
am I a horrible person if I don't care if my mother or sister ?
What are some good teen and young adult love spell/potion books?
Main theme of animal farm?
In doing a collage, what glue can I OIL paint over?
Realistic character creator?
Are there any Fresco murals in north america?
What new insights of love do you have for this new year?
Is this the meaning of life?
what are some good apps to do these kind of editing/photoshopping in android phones?
What do I charge to use my photos on an album cover?
Help on the play Death Of a Saleman !!?
How were Sparta and Athens alike? How were they different?
I don't know how to start off my story... Help?
Is it worth going back to dance?
What do you do when you have little nurture or family in your life?
Opinions on this YA novel plot?
What are some good bass guitars for jazz?
Attentn Grabbing title ?
How can photography help a biology student?
How can I make pictures like these?
Changing my guitar bridge help?
I need help with a name!?
what is the french and indian war known as in europe?
what is a cute middle name to go with landen?
Japanese Word from Memoirs of a Geisha that means soulmate?
Im writing a character sketch... Help!?
Best music to Dj for bboy meets/battles?
How to become a clown?
Lens flares in photoshop without the filter?
What wolud happen domestically and in foreign policy if Leon Trotsky had suceeded Lenin in 1924?
How many books did you read last year?
I want my story to have a sense of joy somewhere in it...?
Zombie Comic Book Ideas?
How do I stay in the lines when painting in photoshop cs6?
How do I paint without going outside the lines in photoshop cs6?
Moving camera during scene?
Great-Grandmother's roots?
How can I create animations with drawings online?
Is it worth going back to dance?
is there a website where you can superimpose your face on another picture?
What is the general term for devices in poetry such as similes, metaphors, personification, and imagery?
I need help with fixing my fursuit?
If a lie is passed off as a truth enough times won't an aweful lot of people imagine it is true?
Why aren't book covers ever made out of thick durable rubber?
Anyone have suggestions of books similar to Th1rteen R3asons Why?
Are there any novels written in the middle ages available today?
Im writing a book - Help? Part II?
..how do you define love?
What is the name of this symbol ( * )?
Trying to find my Great-Grandmothers roots?
How would you murder someone?
What are you doing to make your life meaningful?
Is anyone aware of any studies..?
what were some of the effects of the flu epidemic of 1918?
Was music invented by black people?
Innovations in which three areas changed the lives of Americans in the 1800s?
Describe the war for Texan independence in one paragraph?
does anyone know who this is? http://tapiture.com/image/kcco-338?
funny childrens books!? authors like roald dahl ect...?
Poems about life,love,and laughter?
What book series are on par with the early anita blake series?
How is feudalism shown in the movie robin hood? the prince of thieves?
is harry styles a human?
what is harry potter and the sorcerers stone resolution?
Hey lurkers, do you enjoy lurking?
What is a good mascot for a new school?
What is the name of this book?
is mimicking an Art style Copyright Infringement?
What ethnicity does this girl look like?
What was chakana or (inca cross) history?
why was sam houston important in the texas revolution?
What is better for a novel to be published?
What pencils do i use for sketching on a canvas before painting?
In my Vi?t culture there's an old saying \A man's tear is like a crocodile's tear\,..?
Am i even any good..?
How come Stauffenberg gets all the glory, but Elser is almost forgotten?
From what mountaion range does the river flow that nourished the first ancient indian civlization?
character names for teen novel?
Thoughts on my poems?
Need help with leaders of the Progressive Era!?
I'm trying to buy a book, can you help?
im having to write a monologue helppp?
Books that are like Harry Potter, Percy Jackson, Stormbreaker, Eragon series?
Okay I am in a desperate need of a good book any suggestions?
What is Clary's middle nameon the mortal instruments?
Matching Gels on strobes with white balance?
Is my writing any level of goodness?
Any suggestions for making it simpler to draw an original character?
Sopranos in Musical Theatre?
How did the American Revolution begin?
What do you think of this statement/quote I made?
Are my seats good at this concert?
Can you help me write a poem?
Should I pursue my degree in Architecture?
Am I the only one that hates the main character, Tris in Divergent?
how did the rosetta stone solve the problems of how to build pyrimads?
What is the volta in Robert Frost's poems?
so if things don't exist when i don't somehow perceive them...?
If someone got a role in a movie, would production provide their living during the duration of filming?
What are the general lements of a book?
How was Winston Churchill a confident, decisive leader during World War I?
hey what guys how you doing. eye for an eye, how can i use that for revenge in my book i am writing plz help?
What should my cover design be?
Any good wriddles? Hard ones?
Painting newby, lots of stupid questions!!?
Which paint type lasts longest? (oil, acrylic, waterc.)?
who said the usa couldn't have kings?
I have a finished book novel, and have a question?
What are your favorite books?
When you comment a Hashtag on your own photo on instagram can people see that you commented on your own photo?
Can I use sanitized color grout to make chalkboard paint instead of unsanded grout?
Is my opening of my book good?
Can someone help me write a poetry please?
How were women affected in their frontier life?
I need to interview someone(55 years or older) about the JFK Assassination, but i don't know who.?
Can you use Sharpie pens to customise canvas shoes?
Where to start when playing electric guitar?
humans are actually clueless to our existance arent they?
Can anyone help me with a scene for my story?
what do you class as Arts and Humanities?
urban problems at the turn of the last century were overwhelming the result of immigration to the U.S?
photography background setting? (white sheet)?
How can i watch pretty little liars on my nextbook 7\ tablet?
Can someone please explain to me the the poem \retrospect\ by Maya Angelou?
Does anybody where i can look at more tatau designs?
why did the British want to have Kenya so bad?
Any good art school/program for beginners?
Quotes i invented from the learning of 21 years of my life?
How To draw my little pony?
Any ideas on how to begin this story?
Aaaaand the Nobel peace prize goes to....Adolf Hitler?
Why aren't Katniss's parents' names mentioned?
I'm so nervous for gymnastics?
Does anyone know some a photo editing site that fits my requirements?
Why is Herodotus so important?
How to get a picture resized?
How do I become a tattooist ?
Another way to say rude in a story?
what was the purpose of george washingtons cabinet?
why did the pinkerton army travel in secrecy?
Do I need a prologue?
Book idea dilemma; can I get some advice?
Is it possible to learn how to draw?
Anyone know of a Flat Iron for paper or a heated Paper press to flatten paper?
The Fault In Our Stars. Questions about the book?
Is there slowdancing at nightclubs?
What is your biggest role model?
if someone says they're not hating does that basically mean they are?
is it OK to reply to emails telling you you haven't got the job with 'whatever'?
I want my story to have a sense of joy somwhere in it...?
HOW TO WRITE A STORY WITH SYMBOLISM IN IT??
What do you think of the first couple chapters of my book?
What did the war in Korea have to do with the spread of Communism?
Title ideas for my short story? Also what do you think of it?
How to ask a guy to a dance??????(TEN PTS BEST ANSWER)?
What do you make of this quote on censorship by Frank Zappa?
Who is Tobias Sammet wife? what is her name and surname?
Romeo and Juliet question?
Anyone who has read Macbeth? I need a little help....?
Anyone who has read Macbeth? I need a little help...?
Which type of plaster will be best for the mould that I am making?
Some anime with a really baddass over powered male lead?
Should I read Dune, Inkheart or Lonesome Dove?
Good survival story books?
Guitar players:what do I learn next after open chords and barre chords?
Poem: what do you think about this poem? Help!?
What was an item that was once a luxury that we cannot live without?
How can I effectively make it in the filming/acting industry?
How does one find an acting agent?
Rate my romance novel?
Romeo and Juliet help please!! 10 points?
Goosebumps book about a boy who got bad luck?
How can I improve this passage?
What did the war in Vietnam have to do with the spread of Communism?
please... what font is this? (microsoft word preferred)?
Why is it that we can experience far more pain than pleasure as a human being?
Does anybody know any good bass guitar for cheap?
what book is this quote from? I barely know you, she says, voice heavy with sleep. I don’t know your...?
Small, sleepy beach/harbor two name?
are there any American camera manufacturers?
Does anyone have an idea for my book's title?
how did geographical features influence the civilizations growth and population North Africa?
what are the ten most important facts about Judaism?
Should I read the Lying Game or Pretty Little Liars?
Teens: what poem or book has influenced you the most?
\The mighty slave apears\ here i am! critique please?
Where to find a LotR and the Hobbit hardcover set?
How or what can I do to get dull glass and stone beads to shine?
How the renaissance and the reformation changed the world during the 16th and 17th centuries and today?
What should I dance for my high school talent show???
Are you safer not saying anything?
What month and year did the United States declare war on Spain?
Can't think of a title? Please help!?
How do people photograph animals?
What CAUSED the Missouri Compromise of 1820?
Podcast about World War with +1 hour duration?
Do you have a comedic monologue for mail? HELP!!?
What did the Yalta Conference have to do with Communism?
How do you get ideas for writing?
what was life like for people on the plains during the 1930s dust bowl?
Need a title for this story?
Did Dracula have this certain form?
what if i said to you its to damaged lets not clean it up lets demolish it and rebuild it brand new?
Have you ever play Just Dance 4 and Just Dance 2014 each week?
Applying to talent agencies?
What event set the Boer colony in South Africa on a different path than other White Dominions?
What is one word you would use to describe the book 'The Fault In Our Stars' by John Green?
Rhyme schemes in this poem. HELP!?
Pink tights over a black leotard?
Im writing a book - Help?
What exactly influenced/inspired Georgia Okeeffe to paint her still life flower paintings?
What were the the Jim Crow laws?
Which of the following statements most accurately describes the European strategy with respect to the gov?
What are the best pens/markers for outlining drawings?
The Crucible ACT 2 by Arthur Miller Question!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!?
Wall Street Crash: Where did the money disappear?
Wall Street Crash: Where did the money disappear?
Where can I find virgin mary statues?
When I take a picture of a yellowish sky with my Ipad 4, there is no yellow in the photo ; WHY?
Photoshop CS6, 100% zoom is too big?
What was the Egyptians main export?
What does this quote mean?
What do you think of the summary for this story?
Poll: Do you have a favorite poet?
Why has Pride and Prejudice been adapted so many times?
If we ARE genes in action as agents of genetic propogation, do we have the right to modify our genetic coding?
If a book has extraterrestrials, is it automatically considered\ science fiction\?
What do you think this piece of art means?
How can you tell when you run out of invisible ink?
60 years ago would it have been (considered) normal for Americans to drink in front of their kids at diner?
How do I get more people to read my blog?
A question for people who have Fanfiction.net account?
Why do we want others to suffer when they've wronged us?
Free online photo editing sites?
Title ideas? Short story about virginity?
Can using public domain pieces be considered infringement?
What did the pub's in the 50's look like?
What is your opinion of the idea that diffcult circumstances often lead to personal transformations?
How can i find out what book an extract is from?
GCSE Art Exam Theme Ideas??
Any one know any good book series about Wolves?
Poem prompts? please? not good at this...?
description for my story?
What mediums are there for creative writing besides short stories?
What do you think of this Amazon product?
What names can i get out of eleni and Gabriel?
Can I paint my violin neck?
Does anybody have and want to share the book Phone fear by Christopher Pike?
What does it feel like to be in the flow of life?
How do I win a talent show with a group of 3-4 people?
Can a contalto have a light or meduim voice?
A good title for this story?
Is it wrong to want to be an author if you don't read a lot?
How was George Washington a dedicated leader?
Does my plot seem too slow (or seem to have a lack of action/interest)?
access this charcoal sketch?
Should I study philosophy following its history, through topic, or may I skip around as I see fit?
Does this sound too overused?
Any good talent agency's that I could trust?
Have you experienced a lot in your life?
Should I email my book to her?
Describing a piece of design help? Need some ideas...…?
Pink tights over black leotard?
My son's nationality?
Who does this painting look like?
how do I \harness\ my inspiration for poetry?
What is so terrible about believing a human is an evolved 'machine' for propogating genes?
What poem should I read for my class?
Couple of questions about Kindles?
what makes someone special or magnetic or even intrigueing..?
what were the challanges the loyalist had in coming to the Bahamas?
Why is god the first cause?
How much diferent would the world now be if Germany had won WW2 in your opinion?
What did Galileo have to do with Newton?
did people like the people in conan the barbarian really existed a very long time ago?
Is this copyright infringement?
Is this copyright infringement?
Any photographers able to help?
What is your favorite book as a child or now ?
Why is Dickens not consigned to the dustbin of history?
Stefan or damon??????
would a piece of silk ribbon be expensive in ww1?
What did the Treaty of Versailles do for the rest of the world i.e not Germany?
POLL: A short poem you like?
I read this book a long time ago and I don't remember the name?
what new religion began in palestine white augustus was the emperor of rome?
I need help editing and checking a poem I wrote for creative writing.?
Any good Dark Fantasy books?
DVD cover of film: Once Upon a Time in America. Does anyone where in NYC this picture was taken, and which bri?
Do you think my novel \Romance of the Sea\ be successful?
Any free acting coaches in America that I can share my acting with online?
Trumpet making no sound when I try to play notes above tenor C?
How can we discover a new form a life and be able to respect it ?
Which Book is better?
Any good modelling agencies?
how does this sound for a book?
Hi pls help, how can i make text to be in circular form using corel draw or photoshop?
What kind of books do you like to read?
Artists that focus on mouths/teeth?
Finding the balance in my writing?
The role of women in colonial American and what position they held in as many colonies as you can name?
Would this dress look like it could be worn to a dance?
Would Katherine from Taming of the Shrew be a protagonist, antagonist, major, or minor character, and why?
Any plot ideas? Character development?
Ideas for my science project?
has anybody seen Joseph santiago was a photographer he disappear with my pictures ?
I need help with information about John Calvin. I have some of the information, but not all that I need.?
What is a weakness against a superhero who can control wind/air?
Life of Pi questions?
Did Gaius Claudius Glaber die? or was he banished?
opinions on this poem please?
in what ways did civic republicanism , classical liberal principles, and english parliamentary tradiions contr?
What impact did Albert Einstein have on American History?
do you like this poem?
What is the meaning of life?
i need info about HARRIET TUBMAN for black history month?
How do I bring a sense of Nostalgia in my story?
Any other places besides wattpad on where I can post my story and get more feedback?
State the similarities of plant and animal cell?
Do you feel like life beat you down again when it's finally going good?
How do I sing this note? HELP!?
how do you sell art and photography on instagram?
Are violet and indigo the same?
Average day for a women in France during the French Revolution?
what city was the battle of guilford in?
Plots for a good story?
how did the U.S. use China as a tool to push the Soviet union during the cold war?
What are you hoping to achieve?
How do i make a short film?
How to be present minded?
Can someone in Britain get an American Literary Agent ?
do i look good?????????????
what country in africa from the time period of 1881 and 1914 has the most history/ info?
Who made the paintings?
During WW II; why didn't the French Navy join the British?
Editing question help here?
Question on the book Hatchet?
I need a title for my story?
In my book, what happens in Juvie?
one thing i do not understand about cameras / photography.....?
What do you think of the Hush Hush book series?
Ice Age,..what is it good for..absolutely nothing,..lets here it again...absolutely nothing!!?
Does a leader chose a field or does a field chose a leader?
help me with my poem please. I'm having trouble making it sound right?
Brown + Blue = Hazel?
Grand allegro ballet Music ??
What does reverend parris lie about?
Where did the space for the universe come from?
Is the movie the Adventures of Tom sawyer just like the book...?
Homosexual cultures encountered by Hebrews?
Where can a 16 year old get a job in photography?
What were the actions Woodrow Wilson made with regard to race?
I need to know the name of this book...?
Contemporary music???
I need a good Fanfic title!?
Need help with an old poem?
photo filter?!? Can you do this with an ordinary pictures?
Would you help me with my study on the philosophy of global warming?
Title ideas and opinion for my short story?
Do I need to study drama during school or college to become an actor in the UK?
What are the best Art Degrees to get and why?
Please rate my romance novel?
Social Studies question?!?
would you pay $ 20 for a 40 page magazine adult eye candy content including taxes and shipping and handling?
Opinion on this idea?
love confession for a story?
hellen keller qoutes doubts?
why were the germans named after a graph thing in ww2?
i drank some poster colours, please help!?
How can I get this book written?
How should I go about learning to play guitar?
Why do you write? For what? For whom?
Was this just a Manual Focus problem?
Writing a book help me please?
I can't go to drama school (UK) full time, but I want to give professional acting a shot. Advice?
How do you create something that cannot be destroyed then destroy it?
I want to be a magician need help!!!?
where can I find this?
At the Wright Brother's time what was the idea about flight and what did people believe?
how was the saar returned to Germany?
What is the name of this hentai movie?
Catcher in the Rye Question!?
I need help naming some characters!?
`Wave-lings`...will you care to c/c this poetic attempt, for me?
What cliches should I avoid in my novel?
What is the name of the big peninsula arnhem land is on, australia?
Does anyone know any good contemporary French or German authors?
In my book, what happens when a 14 year old is accused of murder?
Is this how you draw graffiti?
Best ways to learn electric guitar without a teacher (for absolute beginner)?
Poems like annabel lee or the highwayman?
Tell in interesting and short sentences three strong likes and three strong dislikes?
Why is James Monroe not held with the same regard as Jefferson, Washington, and Lincoln?
Making your way in the world today?
Hello.I'm a photographer and I want to know about Indian copyright and patents act applicable to my photos?
In what way was the educational system of the medieval West different than that of China?
Picture editting apps?
What are your strengths?
Help me make a character!?
do you usually use full frame or crop sensor?
Name for a fictional older brother?
What are the benefits to your personal philosophy?
What are some good Warrior Cat names for a silver tabby?
What are some good Warrior Cat names for a silver tabby?
How does W.B Yeats consider change in The Wild Swans at Coole?
Drawing up other writer's work in my own?
Pointe shoes for flat and wide feet?
Does anyonw know where i can find an audio book for the boy in striped pajamas for free?
I need a story plot! A supernatural romantic story..?
what nationality(ies) do I look?
Who was more barbaric Ivan the terrible, Montezuma II, Hernan Cortes, or Genghis kahn?
are you a Nikon person or a Canon type?
What is the best way to gain more wisdom?
In the Nuremberg trials,?
In your opinion who are the three greatest Military generals in world history?
Designers! What should my title be?!?
Is he a good character? Would you be interested in reading a story about him?
can i get some views of these lenses?
If you have found success or happiness, what was your thought process?
Should I review my Bio 210 book before going back?
Does anyone know if photographers do any photo shopping?
Does anyone want to join my group?
Can anyone tell me who this artist is?
Help with art topics?
Can you recommend me some medieval works?
Need help writing somthing in elvish ( LOTR / The Hobbit )?
What effect did the Scientific Revolution have on schools and universities?
Who colonized Finland?
Is Thomas Jefferson an overrated President?
Is my art good enough to make a childrens book?
Do you agree that the French sacrificed more in the World wars than US or England?
Grinding at Senior Prom?
Please share an inspirational or funny qoute about life?
How can the face of a rawhide mallet be softened.?
How was the 13th amendment passed by corruption? How did Lincoln aid it?
English Narrative Plot Ideas?
Would you be able to write a paragraph about the character Dracula?
i am quite or reserve nature. is it bad?
why was the weimar constitution important?
People(not minorities) who have been(or could be) poor mistreated for no reason?
What were Charles Booths main findings?
Is my art good enough to start making childrens books?
How did the Japanese and Chinese influence each other culturally and religiously ?
Why were church leaders fearful of the new discoveries made during the Scientific Revolution?
Which types of professions were there in Central Comitee in USSR?
What did Denis Diderot's Encyclopedie contribute to the literature of the Enlightenment?
Who are some people from the past who have become famous for mass killing? Ex. Countess Bathory?
How did Mary Wollstonecraft encourage the same rights for all citizens?
Would this dress look like it could be worn to a dance?
WDYT of this plot for my book?
Do you think the animated movie Frozen was good story wise?
Quick question: why not suicide?
what do you think of my story?
Some songs on which i can dance with my girlfriend ... that ball dance?
i am doing a devised project and directing it what kind of techniques can I use?
Should I be an actor or a writer?
If I buy a basic blank ball joint doll (body & head), can I make a mold of it and, I guess, recast it?
what is an Autocracy?
How can an artist use colour to unify a composition?
If I buy a basic blank ball joint doll (body & head), can I make a mold of it and, I guess, recast it?
what is something good to draw?
Best computers for photo editing?
Help with my geeky love poem?
When was Nigeria a colony and which empire was it in?
From what movie or play is this scene?
Does anyone have a e-yearbook.com account?
Can I have some good warrior cat names with descriptions?
Which statement accurately describes the culture or geography of Latin America?
How to make your feet more flexible, ballet?
Whats a good book charecter?
Which statement accurately describes the culture or geography of Latin America?
How do I keep up my dedication to writing my book.?
I need to make a fake tree?
How can you get out from a crew ?
Am I rushing the publishing of my book?
Photographer wont give us our wedding photos?
how portraits have changed over time?
INDIVIDUALISM vs COLLECTIVISM?
What is street photography?
Guess a horror book i once read?
Is Avramioti a Greek or Jewish surname?
Is there an age limit for publishing a novel?
Can someone tell me what the pushcart war (book)is about?
How to be a more patient reader?
Why did so many people protest in the 19th century?
am I meant to be an actor?? Please help:(?
Need help with poem!!?
Is this a selfish statement?: I don't want to be anywhere where i can't be myself.?
what does pursuit of knowledge mean?
What book changed how you look at life?
Can you tell me a site which have cartoon tutorials?
In The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring novel, does Saruman tempt Gandalf with power?
can I play Christine Daae even though I'm 5'9?
How can I communicate how people are labelled in society?
Painting ideas for my boyfriend?
How do I know if I should continue writing my book?
Who do you think had the greater accomplishments and impact on Europe?
What is the meaning of this poem?
How to finance a photography business?
Writing problem help?
Would improving the meter in this poem \Twilight\ make it a better poem?
What's the name of the Goosebumps narrator?
Best songs to play for a piano recital?
who wrote ramcharit manash?
What makes Colorado unique?
Reading a guitar tab?
Is this an example of modus tollens, modus ponens, affirming the consequent or denying the antecedent?
Could this count as something economic?
What was Lord Randolph Churchill's significance towards Ireland's Home Rule?
I need help naming these characters .-.?
Is there a such thing as good and bad curiosity, and why?
What is the philosophy of the walls of troy?
What correctly completes the following definition of inconsistency?
get me motivated to do my art coursework?
How this color sequence sound correct?
Using a treehouse as zombie shelter?
I am filming a short movie (10 minutes) and i do not have special gear..what to do?
Taming of the shrew question?
Is it bad to have the tax-payers pay for my body to be cremated when im dead?
What some of the greatest enemies of creativity?
Which king did war with Tanks first time in India?
I need help with story writing?
when did people begin to dye seashells and other things like that?
Help with story titles! and plot?
How to start drawing manga?
How did Pinckney propose to elect the president?
Are colors subjective or objective or both?
What are some fun things to design draw?
Is purple inbetween blue and violet?
In traditional animation (especially anime), who's the one who makes layouts?
How do I understand how the image I'm creating on Photoshop will come out when I print it?
How do I understand how the image I'm creating on Photoshop won't have low resolution when I print it?
How books is too many to write at one time?
I have a painting signed by someone named monique, does anyone know who this is? Is it worth anything?
Character descriptions macbeth?
russian musical/comedy?
which is more important: the Camera or the Lens?
Characters in Macbeth?
How do you critique a love poem that's only one sided? C/C?
if an audience knew more than a character in the play what is the effect ?
What are some colleges that have both writing and graphic design classes?
What is the metrical pattern of this verse ????
URGENT:: I NEED A MONOLOGUE IN THE NEXT HOUR?
Does perception influence our thinking?
Can somebody please help me :( I have a essay question to answer on Aristotle virtues..?
I want to see your drawings! ;3?
What types of Gas Masks protected against what gasses?
Is this a good story idea?
What monologue should I do for a Grease audition, I want to be Frenchy?
What monologue should I do for a Grease audition, I want to be Frenchy?
What Do You Think of This Song I Made?
I'm appointed to be the director of a school play, can I make it?
I am doing a family history on Thomas Guyan from Aberdeen - are you related?
What was significant about the work of Robert Doisneau? and were his methods contemporary?
Need help picking out a book for my research paper?
Vampire books like...?
What is the implications or relevance of ancient / ethnic songs to the current situations?
The second coming by William Yeats?
help about voice actors?
Dance stretching routine?
Can you help me name a character?
Any good shoujo anime?
someone who designs ballet?
I'm writing a book but I dont have any ideas...?
Where can one find steampunk theme accessories/items?
Best wide-angle lens for straight horizon photographs?
Are there any other artists that do the same style of furry art as fluke?
What do you think of this amazing idea for a right World?
I want to buy a Mid-Range DSLR Camera, I have 2 choices: Nikon D7100 or Canon 70D.?
Where Can I Put BackRounds On Stykz ...?
Poem analysis? Could someone help me understand this poem?
In what way, if any, has technology/computers had on Philosophy of Mind?
My dream will never come true, it's making me upset?
URGENT:: I NEED A MONOLOGUE FAST, LIKE WITHIN THE NEXT HOUR?
I cannot perform well on stage . Is there any way to remove stage fear?
If you spew FACTS, you will bore me- Spew your Opinions and I will listen ALL DAY? WHY?
How true is this? It always amazes me how simply they put such a great quote?
Biggest accomplishments of the Hippy movement in 1960's America?
history question I need quick help?
Why do people believe the big bang is reasonable and not God?
are there any books informing about the good effects of dancing on teens?
How is the beginning of my story?
Is Deathclutch book of Brock Lesnar availble in Hindi version?
Demons vs vampires...?
Whats a comfortable chair for a studio?
did the Nazis believe that white people with dark eyes are white?
Explain techniques and uses of different types of CAD information.?
Character analysis asher in the giver?
nizar qabbani works... in public domain?
whats the name of all the tom sawyer chapter?
Is it just me or does my music teacher hate me?
What are good teen fiction books?
has anyone done dance at SFU?
Was the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor REALLY a surprise attack? And did the us have any warning of it?
What is meant by \ Line quality \ ?
How do I become a member of the paparazzi? Are there companies I can apply for?
Which emotion is very strong to over come?
If russia and america fought who would win?
Which drum kit based on portability and quality?
Beginning Alebra 6th edition Educo PDF?
Which of these stories sounds the most promising?
A friend to all is a friend to none, what does it mean?
john lock and tabula rasa concept?
What do you think of when you hear the name Arthur Higgins?
What is the name of this book?
Need help for Media Class?
Any digital artist out there willing to do this for me?
Show vs Tell????????????????????????????????/?
Christmas Art GCSE help!!!!!?
????Photography tips???
Which version of Maya should I start with?
Does anyone know the name of this book series?
My 18-200 DG hsm 3.5 5.6 OS lens has a rattle in it as if something is loose. The shots are still very sharp?
Ordered Hymn book 14th Dec 2013 not arrived?
i feel different and misunderstood?
Why was benjamin franklin not electrocuted when he conducted his kite flying experiment?
GCSE Art: 'Experimenting with new materials'??
How challenging is tattooing?
Strobe light making me feel ill?
Choosing a name for photography packages?
New vampire book idea?
Contortion need some help?
BALLET- POINT should i get them ?
Can you imagine life....without Light?
i just wanna have familiarity?
Please say something about my drawing?
what is the meaning of ''tudor force'' ?
Depth Overload. What doth life?
is this a poem? And what might it be about?
Do you like this name?
What is the name for anime characters with animal ears and tails?
how find or judge best solo dancer?
Questions about a book I'm writing?
Was Dracula able to turn into a young gentlemen?
Any hate/love books out there?
Do you think that there are to many vampire books out there?
How did the european domination in the indian ocean eventually affect the asian and european traders?
What are primary functions of a constitution ? Choose all that apply.?
whenever I see time, its either 1:11 or 11or 3:33 or 4:44. what is the meaning of it.?
What are primary functions of a constitution ? Choose all that apply.?
What are Louisiana civil laws based on ?
Picture to compliment this one?
Where can I find all painting of Picasso?
Why don't they have Buffy Studies at Hogwarts? They could have reflexes and kick butt too?
What is the best way to construct a Mystery Story/Novel/Screenplay?
French songs for Quickstep?
Can someone please help me with dance 