How to get the rockabilly pin up look with my figure?!?
Best Make Up For a Cheap Price?
How much do cyber bites cost to get done in America?
should I go to school?????
Make at the age of 14? your idea?
What color are my eyes?
if i just died my hair black and i missed some spots can i dye it even darker without hurting it a week later?
When did fashion become a big deal?
Is it okay to use dry shampoo after dying your hair?
Should MALE news anchors be forced to wear sleeveless tops?
which headband looks prettier?
which heels would look better with this outfit?
Fashion advice????!!!!!?
Cartilage Piercing Swollen?
Do i look like Nina Dobrev?
I want to cross dress but I want a woman to help me with this?
SUPER pail foundation?
Which sports bra do you think is cuter? (Pictures)?
Do girls find greasy hair unattractive or very bad ?
How many different kinds of rings do you wear on all your fingers?
Can anti-aging facial cream reduce dark circles under your eyes?
Why are all the pretty girls so shallow?
Anyone who watches makeup videos on youtube read description please:)?
How to make time go by faster?
Can I wear these shoes for PE?
Make up ideas for prom?!?
What brand is this dress?
Why do we need to moisturize after we wash our face?
should i wear this dress to prom?
Do women dye their hair blonde to trick men?
Could I pull off a gold chain?
What type of bag/purse is this?
How to get tattoo ideas?
what clothing size is considered skinny for women?
which color is the best looking of this sweatshirt?
What do I do when I can't clean my tattoo?
Is it bad to not use facial moisturizers before u go to bed?
Is it safe to mix shampoo and conditioner in a bottle?
belly button percing?
What is a good outfit to wear?
hi guys.... anyone knows who is this beautiful girl?? I need a name .... plz help?
How long would this tattoo take? (Estimations)?
which color cardigan do you like best?
When to braid hair after shower?
Thoughts on girls in bikinis at the beach?
Is your natural eyebrow shape always the best looking on you?
which color is the best looking of this sweater?
Nerd glasses or no nerd glasses?
What color is your hair?
Teen boy middle school style??? Please help!!!?
Faster way to flat iron thick hair?
Old navy blue sweatshirt?
Please help me ????????
Does sunless tanning lotion work?
is it okay to stretch your ears with tunnels or plugs?
How to make my hair curly like this?
Is this purse really cute?
Are there any online Korean beauty stores?
My family tell me not to wear makeup and stuff, but aunty in particular is the worst she goes off her nut.?
What is a pre-lightening kit? what does it do to your hair?
Ear gauging question?
does Aquaphor work just as good as Vaseline?
How do you get your nails to be perfect?
My gauges bled when I wore plastic plugs for a few days. Is this normal?
How to take out silicone plugs?
What should I wear with this...?
how to convince your parents to get a piercing?
Prom Dresses with slits up the leg?
Is nail polish bad for your nails?
I painted my nails? (I am a guy!)?
How to make this bun?
Can I wear a black top with a light wash/chambray skater skirt?
Would this hairstyle work for a formal?
does anyone have any tips on how to get my face looking better?
Do you have to have a highlighting kit or bleach to ombre your hair?
Should I have Pink or Blue Hair?
Boys, what do you find attractive in a girl?
How old do you have to be to get a tattoo?
damaged hair remedies?
How long does shower gel, etc last?
Piercing my nose?!?!?
Are my eyes Amber, Honey, or Brown?
I just had my monroe done and how do i know if its infected?
Guys: What your opinon on a girl with piercings?
Is it normal for a 25 year old to have wrinkles under his eyes when he smiles?
Where do i find long curly clip in extentions ?
how do i get rid of black hair?
how to make blue eyes stand out and pop?
Why do girls wear tight jeans?
Does nude lipstick bring out skin colour?
Teenage girls: do you even wear regular loose jeans anymore?
Can you tell I changed the colour of my shirt in this picture?
Can you tell I edited the colour of my shirt?
Best drugstore shampoo/ conditioner for color treated hair?
If I get a large tattoo does it effect giving blood ?
Honest opinions on dress for school valentine's dance?
Why can't I get a nose bone in to my three year old nose piercing?
Should I get this quote tattoo?
Is this too much makeup ?
How to be hot instead of cute?
Just got my 1st tattoo and got questions about peeling process don't wanna mess it up?
I have a ? for pawning?
Natural face masks for combination skin?
what is the fastest way to grow my hair!?
Would clinique or mac be a good foundation for dry skin?
I have the same hair style for school everyday do you think people care?
Have you ever used creme 21?
Where can i find cheap bridesmaid dresses?
Can I wear the same shirt I did last week ?
Ladies what do you think about men wearing women's leggings?
can u use sugar for your exfoliate your lips?
My hair keeps falling out?
Where can i buy cheap bridesmaid dresses?
Am I too thin/skinny to attract girls?
Can you help me find my style?
which dress is better in your opinion?
Do you like gold jewelry ? If Yes/No, why ?
How to get fairer, any home methods?
what is a rave? please tell me?
which shoe would look the best with this dress?
Septum at the dentist, I need help!?
please help me pick one shoe with this dress?
What's a jumpsuit?
Help me choose a hat?
I dyed my hair, and came out like white orange! Going to a hairdresser tomorrow. What will they do to my hair?
How long should I leave a taper in before replacing it with a plug??
would this headband match this dress?
How to make your eyelashes thicker?
Is this Louis Vuitton real?
I am a size 12 and am around 5'3? What size jeans do I get in topshop?
what is your best sexy pant color?
Acne/Skin and hair advice??
What are your makeup/beauty product favourites?
What concealer is good for dark eye circles and to cover blemishes?
Hi is it possible to make a replica ring to a 14K gold?
Why do my eyes change colour?
does purple hair dye work on dark brown hair?
Leather or ugg boots?
I'm skinny, tall, no curves :((?
is it appropriate to wear only a sports bra instead of shirt to the gym?
How can I fix/prevent stretch marks?
I'm 14 and I want to wear make up and pluck my eyebrows?
I'm really self conscious about my skin :( help?
which dress is more pretty?
Advise needed! Liquid Eyeliner for Swimming?
If I shave my eyebrows. How long will it take to grow them back?
Which sports bra do you think is cuter? (Pictures)?
Does anyone think these clothes will go together?
which watch is better looking?
How to make my face pimple and blackhead free naturally?
Does anyone think these clothes will go together?
Good clothes for my body type?
how come i have an issue removing a tattoo of his name?
Ways i can lose 8 to 10 pant sizes? before summer!?
HELP!! Why Is My Hair Breaking Off??
(Girls) Rate my looks! Face and overall look on scale from 1-10 please!?
Would I look ridiculous with a big owl tattoo on my arm?
Can I grow an Afro like small one?
How can I find out my ring size?
How do I remove a nasty smell for a purse?
Are cowboy boots comfortable?
what soap to use????help please!!?
I need a nice natural looking tan so what are the best fake tans?
would a certain type of make-up style hide high eyes?
Green gram flour in face in the morning?
What color hair do guys like best?
What Type of tattoo is this?
Where can I get my hair back combed in NJ?
How to ask your mum to shave your legs?
Is jutting out hip bones ugly?
What kind of facial moisturizer do you use?
What do you think about TOMS on guys?
Is it possible for a girl to have a bump on her nose and still be pretty?
If I re stretch my ears will it close up again?
How to play it off cool?
Cute easy hairstyles for layered hair?
About how much money would it cost to laser off a tattoo almost covering half my forearm?
can transitioning hair start out as 4a and end up as a looser texture?
Where can I get the outfit Chelsea Korka wore on The PCD show?
What's the difference between authentic and replica jerseys?
How much does it usually cost to get this piercing?
I cant change my lip piercing help?
Is it okay if your bra is see through?
3 month old navel piercing swollen, red, and a little sore?
Would this grey purse easily get dirty?
I want to change my nose piercing can I do it?
Which outfit should I wear tommorow?
Would this white purse easily get dirty?
What size jeans am I?
how can i take the shine out of my faux leather boots?
which headband looks the best?
Where could I find good pair of cheap heels for my wife.?
I feel so ugly?? How can I gain confidence? 20 points?
Recommended cross-body purses?
Guys are short girls cute too you?
Ingrown toenail help please?
i just started cosmo school and everyone gets it on first try but me?
Do you like my shirt ladies I am not sure if its a good choice or not I bought it at a urban store?
Did I over pluck my eyebrows or do they look good?
what would you wear with floral print boots?
how can you make your hair thinner?
Like my First tattoo idea?
I am fourteen and I want to start working out. What is a good way to start?
Which of these purses do you like better and why?
Where can I find skater skirts and dresses?
Should I get my nose pierced?
Do liquid-to-powder foundations actually turn to powder?
can I tattoo a Jewish star if im not Jewish?
Is it safe to wear used earrings?
Was Kim Kardashian's hair all natural back in 2007-2008?
What should my next beauty video be about GIRLS ONLY?
How long should I wait after getting my ears pierced to start stretching?
I got gucci pants as a gift recently and they're waxed leather but they got like gold coins on them?
What is a cute way to wear your hair?
I'm the ugly friend of my group? What can I do about it? How can I deal?
how to boost my self confidence?
Is okay to where the same pants/leggings as you did last week ?
How can I maker hair soft shiny & grow fast!!!?
Which of these purses do you like better and why?
Help....foundation problem.?
Does this piercing look too trashy?
How can I keep my eyeliner on my waterline from fading throughout the day?
Do you think Kim Kardashian still looks gorgeous WITHOUT! any make-up on?
can i wear black button down shirt on prom?
Fashion Video Ideas For Youtube (Beauty Guru)?
Who is uglier, Gollum or Voldemort?
Would this be a good hairstyle for formal?
Whats the best cheap makeup brand?
Healthy Way To Straighten Hair?
How can I enhance my breast and ass growth?
why do girls were makeup?
***Reliable & Quality Prom Dress Websites?***?
How to reverse ombre hair?
Do belly button piercings hurt ?
WHEN WILL BAGGY JEANS COME BACK IN STYLE? 21 pts for the best answer?
How do you stretch your ear lobes using the taping method?
I need some prom ideas please!?
Where can I buy an iphone case like this?
Where can I buy hypoallergenic bath products?
Is it bad that I like makeup at 14?
Lets swap clothes this second what would i end up wearing?
Name of the beard in this picture?
What do you think of this outfit?
Where should I get my tattoo?
Is this a good present for my boyfriends 18th birthday? please read!?
Prom Dress Etsy Help!?
My nose is sooo big at 14!?!!?
I have my left ear pierced twice but want to go for a third but just on the one ear?
Is it normal that I shave my legs as a guy?
Genetic Stuff! Pls need to know what will his daughter look like?
Does healthy hair grow faster?
How to keep your hair healthy after a haircut?
Guys: Do you hate it when girls have short hair?
How to make acrylic nails look super shiny?
I need some style tips...?
stretch marks on back of knee?
do tattoos stretch as you gain muscles?
I need help with a makeover?
Do i have good seats for this concert?
Why is it so bad to brush your hair when it's wet?
Super-duper sensitive skin?
Do tattoos on the inner wrist hurt?
What does a flattop haircut look like down?
How can i make my hair curly,wavy,or something other than straight?
help walking in heels?
How to do my hair for gym??? HELP?
Are these plugs for non stretched ears?
Where to get this tattoo placed?
How do I dress this way?
Should I wear my nicer clothes all the time?
Can any PROFESSIONAL hair stylists tell me what to do about my situation?
Where can I get clothes similar to the Bethany Mota collection?
Good Hairstyle websites for teens?
what are some natural ways to get rid of blackheads and shrink pores?
Help with my eyeshape!!?
why is my nose so oily ?
What should I spend my money on?
Snakebites? someone help please?
Does biotin pills help with hair growth?
which color is better looking of this bra?
which color is better looking of this skirt?
do you think these dresses are worth 79 dollars total?
Urban Decay Venus Eye Shadow Substitute, Dupe?
Could i become a model? That is the question...?
does anyone else look different some days?
Color Oops and bleaching?
How do I convince my mom to let me have my natural hair out?
is it ok to use a different conditioner using mane n tail shampoo?
Hey guys.. My prom is getting close and I found my dress!! BUT I can't find any shoes to go with it. Help!?
Shaving my pubic hair?
Does this bikini look okay on me??
How to counteract acne from milk?
Have you ever seen a doctor with a tattoo?
How do i persuade my mum to dye my hair?
What do you think of girls who wear pearl stud earrings?
What to wear with chelsea boots (black)?
how can i grow hairs on face?
Forearm tattoo price and time to finish?
how can i get black hair blonde?
How to get clear glowing skin?
I'm having H&M shipping issues?
Do you think selfies are annoying?
Which color should i dye my hair?
Do you still polish and shine your shoes?
how to tell my parents I have applied to be a model?
What does a flattop haircut look like down?
Using hair extensions for highlighted effect?
Does drinking more than 10 glasses of water reduce hair falling?
Has anybody here heard of etsy uk?
Can you guys rate me 1-10 in terms of looks,?
Will cutting my hair make it thicker/ healthier?
What is a good store to get interview clothes for a mid-20s woman?
will I regret cutting my long hair to my shoulders?
Which dress do you guys like better?
What moisturizer should i get?
Cheap bridesmaid dresses?
Good shampoo's to grow your hair?
Discount codes/coupons for nyx?
Can I transfer from Hollister to Abercrombie?
How long is this normal for a new piercing?
What nipple should I have peirced?
What is my skin color?
How long until I see results?
Silver sequin dress.. but what type of shoes?
I have awkward hair and need it styling for prom i also need makeup ideas.?
HAIR PROBLEM - IS THIS NORMAL? PICS?
Which cambridge satchel should i get?
Are mens and womens jeans cut differently?
How to match my foundation with the season as I have one pale and one caramel :/ details included in question?
New foot tattoo? IS THIS NORMAL?
What is the purpose of a camisole?
i want to know about hair ?
Is there really much difference between cheap makeup and expensive makeup?
Are tumblr girls attractive?
what kind of heels would look good with this dress?
which top is more pretty?
Do I need to get a nose job?
will I regret Cutting my long hair to my shoulders? please help!?
How can I help my hair grow faster?
Why are my parents unfair?
Brown to blonde hair?
Girls, does he have really bad hair?
Would it be weird for a guy to wear a crop top?
Is it okay to so this to make my legs look bigger and less thin??? Pic, guy?
which top is more pretty?
What is the bottom part of these pants called?
Why don't I believe that I am pretty?
Eyebrows help I am screwed?
How do you create your own fashion?
Homecoming in a few days !!!!?
I returned a pair of boots to a store and there saying they didnt get it?
Do I look okay like this for work??? Guy, pics included?
What could I do to hydrate my skin regularly?
Is tinted moisturiser better then foundation for people with dry skin?
How to reduce elbow darkness?
What would be a good name for a disease that makes you \beautiful\ in a world of ugly people?
Rate my face? 1-5????
which headband looks the best among them?
How to make your face less greasy naturally?
Can anyone teach me how to fishtail my hair?
Why do people wear turtel neck ???
Looking for a perfect Wedding gift for her? a nail art jewellery or a handbag.?
do the bendy hair rollers work?
Why are my parents unreasonable?
How to make my white shoes yellow?
I don't like my nose?
how to you get curls to stay in your hair?
First physical impressions if this guy? (asking females)?
i had a fair complexion and now grown dark and tan?
am i ugly] pics included?
Help with this ear piercing problem????!!!!?
Red and itchy upper lip after waxing?
would waxing make it thicker?
Does Himalaya Protein Shampoo cause any side effects?
Is this mens hoodie chavy?
dying nearly black hair lighter?
is it okay to have a smaller butt but a bigger chest?
I got my belly button pierced 4 days ago, and it seems to be more red and a little more sore than yesterday?
Should I get braces or a new car?
Does waxing upper lip peach fuzz hurt?
I want to dye my hair blue?
What make up can I use to cover acne...I'm a guy?
How to dress a bit classy for a teenage guy?
Which is the best website where we can get fashion of streets of india?
how to get rid of acne red scarring?
Would this top be too \stuffy\ to wear to work/interships?
Best makeup brushes & Liquid eyeliner?
I want to get rid of lice?
Why is crushed makeup bad?
What is beautiful? do brown/black girls look beautiful?
what body shape am i?
which color is the best looking of these three totes?
Do my eyelash extensions look good?
Is beauty subjective?
Is spending $600 on a prom dress crazy?
How long is long hair acceptable?
What is the best way to accomplish good dreadlocks?
how much would this tattoo cost?
What hurts more conch or tattoo?!?
Medium brown eyeshadow?Are any of those shades medium brown?
How much will it cost for a teen to straighten hair permanently for around 6 months?
What is handsome? do brown color skinned man look handsome?
Do you prefer your hair to be parted on the side or in the middle?
How bad would it hurt tongue re-pierced?
How can I make foundation lighter?
What goes on first makeup base or primer?
What's the fastest way to get rid of an infected belly button ring?
How do i cut my hair?
GIRLS ONLY Please: Is this type of skirts suppose to be for casual, dressy or formal evening events?
Outfits with these shoes?
a guy wearing Skinny jean shorts to school?
Should I get HotHeads hair extensions before my vacation?
Junior High Style Question?
I'm going to start my apprenticeship as a tattoist is there a website i could buy a good tattoo kit?
How bad does getting your nose pierced hurt?
Tattoo ideas? (good, bad,or otherwise wanted)?
Can green army like pants have any potential style?
What type of pants do you like the best?
I can't tell if my eyes are almond, upturned, or downturned?
Need opinions on new hair color?
How big is your bedroom?
My hair is thinning! Help me!?
Girls do you wear shorts under your skirts/dresses?
their should be men makeup that guys can buy.?
Girls, do you like this top?
Why do uglier women have more attitude.?
Is this fashionable/look good ? :)?
Bobbin case on LSS-505?
Does a tattoo machine(gun) really matter when tattooing?
Getting my tongue pierced, questions!?
Is www.shoesbuyeasy.com A trusted Website to buy Shoes from?
my nose ring stinks :p?
Where should I get my tattoo? (If I decide to get it)?
Women: Do you have sex in the daylight totally naked?
I need help finding a prom dress!!?
How to look vintage rustic?
My roots didn't lighten enough?
Going Hunting, should I wear makeup?
Which color of this blouse do you like better for spring?
What should I wear to a first date hockey game?
How can I make my eyelashes grow back faster?
Light brown eyes vs Dark brown?
Brown eyes vs Blue eyes?
Is my tongue piercing normal?
Is it ok for a guy to get his eyebrows waxed?
Modeling tips/advice?
Can you reuse fake eyelashes?
How to be more feminine?
Are nipple piercings attractive?
Is www.vmshoes.com a Trusted website to buy shoes from?
Is Maybelline dream matte mousse foundation any good?
Am I taking too many vitamins?
women - do you feel it is ok to have you bra straps showing in public?
Tragus piercing bump?
How do you by an empty MAC palette on the MAC website?
how effective is laser hair removal for men's facial area???? would it be fair to say that laser hair?
Tattoo ideas! Help please!?
How long will it take to grow my hair?
What Body Shape am I?
Are these just highlights?
How to make my hair grow out by summer?
when you wear leggings or yoga pants do you wear a short shirt - or a long one to cover your butt?
where bo buy michael kors factory handbags outlet online?
I can't stop picking my scalp...?
My eyes get really watery when I put makeup on?
If we switched clothes what would I be wearing?
Women - which do you prefer - leggings, yoga pants or a tight skirt?
what do guys think of girls with scars?
What are appropriate color handbags for winter?
My eyes are puffy from crying?
I want to look cute without overdoing it?
Changing sequins on a dress?
Why don't my parents want me to wear simple mascara?
how to be popular in middle school?
What are your thoughts on body glitter?
Can i leave the same piercing in ? How long?
Is my new cartilage piercing OK?
The flat part of my piercing (Monroe) sunk into my lip, what do I do?
Shoes and jewelry for prom?
earring/gauge help!! 20g to 18g?
how do makeup gurus use all their makeup?
My gauged ear bleeding?
Making chest look a bit smaller?
Online stores to look for purses?
How can I get myself to stop caring on what other people think of me?
Ladies: What is your favorite makeup brands?
Is shaving your face bad? (Women)?
Got any good sweatpants recommendations for men?
Online stores to look for purses?
What should short girls wear?
Great eye make up for blue-grey eyes.?
Good watches for under $150?
How do I ask to shave my legs?
Will my hair grow back the way it was?
Am I a good size or not...?
Poll(Guys):Bangs or no bangs on girls?
Do these purses look cheap?
I have $40 to Sephora and don't know what to buy, reccomendations?
What should short girls wear?
Do these purses look nice?
wash my hair ONLY with conditioner?
What Should i wear with my Miss Me Jeans ?
Would this be a good tattoo?
Do teenagers really need to do their eyebrows?
I really would like that my mom dresses with leggings or tights just one time ?
How do i make my hair look a natural curly?
How to do a top knot/ bun?
Why do some women look horrible without makeup?
my hair is being a pain *PLEASE ANSWER *?
Is vera Bradley really going out of business?
HOW TO DO MY HAIR FOR SCHOOL?
A career where you can study skin?
Bra measurement help??
Tattoo not started peeling yet got it 4 and 1/2 days ago should I be worried?
Is a belly piercing really meant to hurt this much ?
What foundation is great for dry skin?
HELP- Would I look good with blonde hair?
How do I grow my hair out fast?
What moisturiser is good for dry skin?
?57° Weather Outfit Idea???
Is my hair texture gone forever?
revlon colorsilk ammonia free .....may have swallowed a little...help please?
What type of shorts are in style for teens guys?
Help with acne on forehead!?
Will dark auburn semi permanant hair dye show up on my dark hair?
Why has my skin tone red and sore?
streight fluffy hair?
girl area. What do you do when pubic hair grows ?
Are heels hard to dance in?
does anyone know where I can get these jeans?
What concealers are the best for dark circles?
Are there any good sites on doing makeup?
In your opinion, what is the BEST foundation/concealer to cover acne?
crease from using curlformers?
How tight should my bra straps be?
HELP need what to wear on date advice?
Can I use hair that's fallen out (in the shower or while brushing) to do a strand test?
How to be a sassy diva without being popular?
Ten Points-Nice Cross-body Purse?
How long will it take for my pubes to grow?!?
I have a problem with my eyeliner?
Questions about PE?(Middle School?)?
What is a good way to wear this skirt as a regular outfit?
How can I fix my damaged hair?
How can I get longer healthier hair?
Do I continue the 5-10 hair conditioner after I do the aloe vera hair treatment?
What type of socks are best to wear with insulated boots?
why does sauve shampoo make my hair unmanageable?
Hair extension help!?
What do you think of this tattoo?
What should I keep in my bookbag and purse?
how do i stop acne from forming?
Ok, Do bright red skinny jeans match with a navy jean shirt?
How to make your nose seem wider?
What size jeans would a 9 be at forever 21?
How can a guy improve his looks?
Do I look better with big hair or small hair?
how can hair straightening stop hair from Growing?
Acrylic color changing purple star nail polish?
What outfit will your puppy wear today?
What outfit will your kitten wear today?
how do i get rid of my big pores?
Are Uggs out of style?
The most eyecatching color for prom? such as dress color that catches one attention?
Boy wanting feminine hairstyle?
In today's clothing-styles, how should a Camisole be worn?
How to get rid of thigh fat without lipo?
What does Hollywood mean when they say a woman is beautiful or the most beautiful?
if i wadh out sun in will it stop the process?
Nose piercing aftercare advise?
What hair colour matches my face?
is butter good for natural hair?
Does anyone know Miley Cyrus's phone number or email?
how to grow hair faster?
Im going shopping with £80, What shall I buy?
Do you know a model who looks like this?
Best hair products for wavy/frizzy hair?
Does a tattoo on the ribs hurt?
How to wear this boots?
faceshape???? :)(pic)?
when you wear leggings or yoga pants do you wear a short shirt - or a long one to cover your butt?
I keep seeing these stupid young girls with stupid dyed red hair or pinkish red?
Is a sea salt/water mixture just as good as H2Ocean spray for belly button piercing?
Where to Buy Ugg Care Kit ?
I have white lines on my lips?
Face is glitterly under strobe party light?
Does getting your nose pierced hurt?
How much is too much to spend on high end makeup?
Is light brown hair and green eyes common or rare or in the middle?
What does this mean if it is attatched to my Coach bag?
what color is her hair 10 pts best answer?
which body/face moisturiser?
I am blonde with fair skin and green eyes and over 50 need help with colors I can wear.?
How much does hair grow in a day?
How do i size a new era cap (59fifty)?
Does My Beauty Channel Look Good?
my ears stick out horribly horrible horrible what do I do?
Women - which do you prefer - leggings, yoga pants or a tight skirt?
Am I pretty? Or eww honestly?
how do you get rid of lip burn?
can you use cocoa butter cream for natural hair?
Tattoos for guys on arms. Any good quotes?
tragus and tongue piercing opinion?
how can i Remove deep acne pits from my face naturally? Help Please?
4 days in contact lenses wearing. Left one still feels blurry.?
Is it safe to leave conditioner in all night even though it's not a leave in conditioner ?
How to highlight dark brown hair naturally?
Should I get my hair cut like this?
Is it safe to leave conditioner in all night even though it's not a leave in conditioner ?
Am I good looking? Girls only please!?
Women - which do you prefer - leggings, yoga pants or a tight skirt?
If we switched clothes what would I be wearing?
i want a belly botton ring and two extra piercings on each ear but my parents said no.can I pierce it at home?
need new places to find punk goth clothing.. help please!?
can guys use nivea lipstick?
Hair extensions help!?
im very confused...........?
doing my own wedding make up...any tips?
Does this website sell fake jordans?
What to do with my dark tattoo?
Where to buy cheesecloth?
My ring has the number 8 stamped on it as well as the initials NR?
How can I tell if a bra is too little?
What is my body type?
Do the colors red and green show up well on darker skin?
Can I get a tattoo of someone else's art?
Why does this happen to my hair after a shower?)?
How to get Purple Hair?
best way to cover up cuts-scars?
does cutting your hair \shock\ it?
I want to get a tattoo that states tavern trash?
How to look fresh and young?
College student and piercings?
How can I make Lavender soap?
Beginner's Make-up kit?
Are my boobs too big?
Would these white shoes go with this black playsuit?
does everybody have forehead wrinkles?
would you think its a stupid idea to get a tattoo of a sign of your favourite artist?
what prom dress would suit paleish skin,brown hair and blue eyes?
PARTY PEOPLE... in particular girls?
Is it weird if you are a girl and you don't have your ears pierced?
What clothes would suit me?
Need some suggestions plz help?
Till what age height increases for boys?
AM I SHORT?????????????
What face shape have a small chin?
ONLY BOYS ANSWER ONLY BOYS NEED YOUR OPINION ?
Why is my stretched lobe itchy?
Girls do you wear shorts under your skirts/dresses?
blond hair or brown hair? (pictures included)?
Green gram flour in face?
What shoes can I wear with navy blue disco pants?
How to Control Male Hair Loss?
What is the best MAC blush for tan skin?
What is my face shape?
FORMAL NAILS?! Please help :-)?
What causes the beautiful patterns on the iris of Caucasian people that makes their eyes so striking?
Is butter good for hair growth..?
which necklace is he prettiest?
How to make a homemade clear mascara?
which necklace would you rather pick?
Girls, if somebody offered you $1000 to?
How do I make my eyelashes longer and thicker?
Fullers earth and lemon for pores in face and skin tanning?
can i pull crop tops and high waisted shorts off?
theres a rare hard bump close to my anus?
Is argan oil really as good as some people claim?
please help me pick one necklace among them?
girls !what's your opinion on crop tops in general?
which necklace looks the best and versatile?
Why do I always get little cotton balls in my hair brush?
Could I get away with having this dress a size too big?
10 pts! I ripped my uggs:( should I wear them still? (pic)?
What should I wear to a date at the mall?
Name me a cream to get white skin?
how to remove blackheads at home?
bleach hair problem breakage & straw like?
how long does it take to recieve a custom made ring?
my life is messed up:(. help?
What is the name of this stone/ring?
Why do the mentally impaired wear such oversized clothing?
After you stop getting acne, do you stop using the acne removing product?
Bought dark makeup, is this wierd?
What unnatural hair color looks good with medium skin and brown eyes?
Possessive boyfriend: Should I break up with him? Can I do better?
Does Tresemme 7-day Keratin Smooth work well?
Do I have dry legs, or not?
Should I dye my hair this color? (pics included)?
Do some girls really not wax or do their eyebrows? Don't you think it's weird if they don't?
What colored belt would match a white suit? What kind of shoes?
How to protect hair from wind?
Hair style/color/cut suggestions?
If someone has dark brown hair and they want to get a drop lighter highlights, what do they do?
What do you think about this tribal stomach tattoo?
Website to buy jordans that are popular/ heat?
Online shopping!! Please help!!?
I love to do overnight curls but they always turn so frizzy. Is there any spray to stop the frizz? HELP!!!?
Girls: What are your thoughts on this?
Should I cut my waist-length hair?
very water proof eyeliner?
This is what I'm facing, Help?
What color box braids?
How do I ask my mom to shave my legs?
Urban decay 1,2, or 3 palette. Which one had prettier eyeshadow?
Roughly how much would this tattoo cost in upstate ny.?!?
Stitch it vs buying a new item?
Do you find tattoos attractive?
What type of glasses are in style?
Underwear for 15 year old boy?
What is this dress called? And where can I get it?
Can anyone tell me how to get rid of these bumps on my face?
what can i ask for for my b-day?
Question for a jeweler or someone who knows about rings?
How to wear see through leggings properly?
What is a cheap blush brush?
Would a girl date a cross dresser? 10 points!!?
How can I grow long healthy hair?
Swollen ear piercing?
how to grow long, curly hair ??!?!?
How to get bigger boobs without surgrey?
Tattoo healing ??????????
Wanting to have the perfect makeup for school.?
Help me find this swimsuit?
I want to become a cosmetologist or makeup artist... but....?
should i just shave them off?
How can I make my vagina look attractive?
What to wear with this maxi skirt?
I wanna buy a bracelet with a watch, where can i buy it?
which girl's hair color is more beautiful?
Cute ways to style your hair for a party?
How to do a smokey eye step by step for beginners!?
Charlotte Area Dreadlocks Maintenance?
Does a bellybutton piercing ever stop hurting???
Now I wear bra in public as I am a guy.can I wear panty hose under half pant?
Would it be weird to wear a puffy vest to school?
Can I get hired at a makeup counter with freelance experice?
Allow prisoners to wear their own clothes to cause...?
women - do you feel it is ok to have you bra straps showing in public?
Is a tight dress okay for winter formal?
I dyed my hair black, does it look good?
my hair is black and i want to get purple highlights.?
Ladies, which one dress is comfortable to wear without any undergarment?
What life palette should I get?
Which outfit should I wear?
Which outfit should I wear?
Have i changed (before and after pics)?
makeup help? I'm clueless!?
Tiny pores(spots) in my face?
How to get rid of a big ass pimple?
do tounge peircing hurt?
Prom help? dress, makeup, shoes?
Whys it weird for a 29 yr old man to wear britney spears perfume?
dark and chocolate black girls have soft skin?
A Nice Crossbody Purse?
How long should my tattoo peel?
black leggings with brown boots?
How to hide panty line? I'll answer ur q!!?
nipple piercing help pleaseee?
the cup is too big! HELP MEEE?
Thinking of looking into modeling?
How to style her hair in detail?
What foundation makeup would be good for me?
Where are these sheets from?
how can i make it fit?
Would this dress be appropriate for occassions like church, meeting in-laws or funeral (conservative enough)?
Makeup and hair advice ^_^?
I've wanted a tattoo for a long time, how can I convince my parents for my 15th bday?
how do i get rid of stretch marks?
What drugstore makeup do you recommend?
Women - do you feel it is ok to have you bra straps showing in public?
can I use vaseline to moisturize my face?
Should I wear makeup?
Everytime i shave my legs i get ingrown hairs..!?!?
wear to school tomorrow?
What do you think of this coat?
Opening a Nail Salon and how to track the sales?
Looking for this red dress! Someone help?!?
i know its gross but i have hair on my back..?
What are these kind of hats called?
vintage shops (preferably midlands area)?
Why won't my hair grow?
My best friend wears the same thing everyday?!?
Where can I buy cheap timberlands that are real?
What shoes should I wear with my NFL jersey??
Can someone give me a list of shades of purple?
Asos Sizing- UK to US?
please help me find a face wash or soap????? :( 10 pts?
Girls, can guys wear scarves?
What should I wear with a neon yellow scarf?
How can I(male) remove unwanted body hair permanently naturally?
These real diamonds or no?
Why do I get headaches when I wear my hair DOWN?
Getting dreads/ hair?
Naval piercing and complications?
TELL ME SOMTHING ABOUT CLAIRES HELP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!.?
justin bieber the key?
What is Special about people with Blue Eyes?
Can wearing the wrong belt size make your pants fit differently?
Sherri Hill 11146 Dress Style?
girls!! help with prom?
Prom/Ball Dress help? 10 POINTS?
what kind of shirt is this?
HELP?! Trouble straighten my hair!?
Drinking coffee with a new lip piercing?
Regretting Hair Cut, Advice Please?
Red Shiny bump next to nose piercing?
Is it weird to apply blush with toilet paper and then blend with your hands?
What would this hair combination look like?
Is coconut oil and olive oil good for your hair & scalp?
Good stores for teens?
Hair suggestions?! Advice!?
So my hair is a dark brown and black can i put blond in to it?
Hair suggestions?? Advice!?
How do I get my natural curls back?
Which of these lipsticks would look nice with burgundy satin blouse and black pants?
How to stretch shoes length ways?
Hair advice, Makeup advice...?
No one likes my picture?
No one likes my picture?
How to get proper fit on mens jeans?
What online store can I buy earrings?
What's your makeup routine?
Makeup for a Dubstep Concert?
Will 96% cotton and 4% spandex stretch?
What matches with this shirt...?
Make-up for dark complexion?
What face primer is good for dry skin?
Pink or Red Lips with This outfit?
Should I shave or wax on legs?
What 3 life palletes should I go for?
Which way should I flip my hair?(guy)?
What style do I ask for?
Where can i buy bright colourful hair dye in bulk?
dry hair help asap! :(?
Best drugstore false eyelashes and how long do they last? (10 points!)?
How to recover nails after gel manicure?
how does my hair look!?
What make up should I wear?
Poll: If you could only choose one: Would you rather have 50 tops and 10 shoes or 10 tops and 50 shoes? Why?
Messup up my eyebrows!! How do i fix them??!!!?
Where to get a dark blue bunny suit?
What to do with genetic dark circles?
Is my hair too light for my skin tone?
How do I stop my nails from falling off?
What color/shade of lipstick would suit her?
Where is a good place to buy dresses?
do you like this coin purse? why or why not?
What color highlights should i get?
how to grow out hair long?
hey does any one how i can lighting or remover my dyed black hair?
Is not wearing makeup a bad thing?
I just put eyeliner on for the first time ever (yes, ever), does it look okay?
Help with nose piercing!?
should i order this shoes from this site? http://realcheapjordanshoes.com/View.asp?id=77027?
How to mark my black pants to tell them apart in my closet?
Do I sound ugly to you ?
What organic product other than Shea Butter could I use on my natural hair?
How to know if your navel piercing is healed?
I want healthy, clear skin?
:D What colour is her hair?
Running with a beanie sweaty hair afterwards?
My hair turned ginger please help!?
hippie/boho style help?
I need help with an outfit?
Has anyone ever tried body sugaring?
Why is my hair greasy after a day?
Should I wash my hair with cold water?
Can someone tell me what my hair type is?
Why do some people just keep staring at me? sometimes very harshly, do you get this?
Peircings Question! THIS IS SERIOUS (allergy problems)?
how can i get this dark red hair color?
Prom dress, is this a wise decision? please help!?
What to wear for a party....?
can you stretch an ear after it's gone back to a regular size?
What piercings do you have?
What should I tattoo on my knuckles?
Need help with makeup - First time foundation user?
I have really thin hair?
What would you wear with this?
Is a small scar under my eye sexy?
Does this dress looks presentable enough for an conservative interview (refering to the neckline)?
Is her hair considered a brunette 10 pts best answer?
gauge/piercing cleaning?
Girls Only, which combination sounds hotter on a guy?
Heel height for mature 14 year old?
awesome scene hairstyles?
White shoes what colour dress?
To Get White Hair What Bleach To Use?
How can I grow thick eyebrows?
What's the best dress to wear in college(for a guy)?
Concealer shade help?
The best but cheap body wash/perfume FEMALES ONLY?
How long should I wait after getting a tattoo before going swimming?
What to wear with a white skirt in winter?
Nail polish help, please? Which colors should I wear?
What color are my eyes? Amber? Hazel? Brown?
How many times a day should I be cleaning my new piercing?
Good hair vitamins? But in gummy form?
Is this dress rewearable?
I want to get a tattoo of my surgeon that saved my life but killed himself last year. Where should I get it at?
DRESS IS TOO SHORT!! please help!?
How much to tip for a $130 tattoo?
Where can I get one like this?*10 POINTS FAST!!!!*?
Diagnosed with body dismorphic disorder?
What is this bra type called?
Does the left ear lesbian peircing still mean something?
Do ears completely close after you stop wearing earrings?
Best kind of temporary tattoo??
where to buy good contacts?
Why doesn't Victoria's Secret sell 30\ bras?
Is it possible to get a piercing with a bio flex bar straight away?
What is going on with my skin ?!?
Clearasil messed up my skin?
Should i use oil blotting sheets?
Where should I get a gun tattoo?
Will my facial cheeks heal?
My Nail Polish Is Too Watery?
My tongue piercing isn't swollen or sore, is this normal?
does honey eyedrops change eyecolor permanently?
How to take care of my hair?
Ways to hide my hair from my dad for a couple weeks?
Should I wear this dress to winterformal?!!?
About how soon can I get my navel repierced?
Can someone please reccomend me a good translucent pressed drugstore powder?
Rate This Pic Honestly Please?
Is it okay to sleep on my tragus piercing?
Dyed my hair black, what do you think about it?
Makeup look and hairstyle for this outfit? 10 POINTS and 5 STARS to best answer!!!?
What do I need to do with my hair?
Where can I buy magnetic earrings?
Could this be a prom dress?
What size bearpaw boots should I get?
Anybody on birth control?
does anyone know how to change eyecolor permanently without surgery or wearing colored contact lenses?
What stores has the best dresses?
Valentine's Day Clothes Help... part 2?
What's the best type of bathing suit top for someone who is flat? (Between 32 A and 32 B)?
My parents won't let me cut my hair?
How can I grow thicker, fuller brows fast?!?
Why are my eyelashes falling out?!?!?
My hair dye is coming off?
Valentine's Day Clothes Help... see a following question for the rest?
how do i grow my eyebrows back and how do i know what shape suits me?
How Do I Take Care of My Scene Hairstyle?
Teenage breast reduction?
What color boots will look nice with this outfit?
Eyeliner: what type & tips for the angle?
I want my body to look like Nathan kress?
How to make my finger nails to grow fast?
Can 5'7.25\ and 120 pounds be a Ford Model?
Best soaps for someone who takes multiple showers a day?
My Hair Won't Straighten!?
Should I get this watch or this exercise bike ?
Shoe Problems :'( What size shoe should I buy?
Which make up brand has the best brow powder sets?
Does layers hair help with frizziness?
How well do splats *WASHABLES* hair color show up on brown hair?
Fashion sense in india ?
Please help me recreate this outfit!!!?
Help on Graduation dresses?
can you get a tattoo if your taking asprin?
Is wearing perfume, cologne or body spray important?
Purple/blue under my eyes?
what should I do to my eyebrows (pictures included)?
what kind of face shape do i have?
Why won't my front layer of hair gel up?
Would I suit this haircut?
What can i use to Hold my Hair? (male)?
ear pierced question?
Is it ok to re-bleach my hair the next day?
Should I cut my long hair short?
My belly button piercing might be infected?
Is this appropriate for a baby's birthday?
What makeup should I wear?
What are the best kinds of clothes to wear to a Christmas Party?
do u think it would be a cute outfit?
Is the Laura mercier silk creme foundation good for dry skin?
Do I have a big but? (Pic)?
Hairstyles for thick, medium length, layered hair?
Can a girl have long hair and a nice smile?
can a paramedic have tattoos?
what stores does acacia shop at?
Is this black dress appropriate for a lounge for my birthday night out and what color shoes should I wear?
Why do i have stretch marks?
Ears Pierced Question?
Purple or red hair dye?
How to prevent my nails from breaking? pls answer :)?
How to get rid of acne scars?
How would a Black Pathani Suit be, if I wear it at my High school Farewell Party?
Do blisters/ razor cuts leave permanent scars ?!?
When should we wear a bra with straps over the neck?
Is it creepy that a teen girl dresses flirty around older guys?
How to be more confident in yourself?
How long does it take to use up a blush?
Does using eyshadow wet uses more product?
How can I improve my appearance?
ive ran out of nail glue what else can i use?
Where can I buy 3D fiber lashes mascara?
Where can I buy the original Moroccanoil in Canada?
what kind of dress will fit for party?
Does folic acid help hair grow?
what do you think of my face shape?
Where do I find the lastest/new hairstyles for 2014 year?
How do I get rid of spots on my face D:?
Am I too short (teen girl)?
How much do eyebrow piercings hurt?
Hairy bikini line nightmare?
Do you think using a face self-tanner will help with foundations matching my pale skin better?
How can I lighten my dark black hair/jet black hair?
Do women care about hair color on a man?
What do guys look for in a girl?
OMFG. I wear too much skinny jeans...?
How should i be looking after my new belly button piercing?
What foundation shall I get?
List of Avon Discount Code?
10points Which name is better for a rich and wealthy man?
How do I iron my dress shirts after one wear?
I've got black hair and want chocolate brown hair?
Rib cage tattoo for my first tattoo?
which dress is prettier?
What kind of make-up will help hide my self-harm cuts on my arm?
Do like like your man shaved?
which headband is the best looking of them all?
which is the cutest crop top?
Suffering from PCOs, hairy body, frigging sensitive skin. Help?
which crop top would look best with black high waist denim and skirt?
which headband looks the best among them..please help me pick one?
Covering self-harm cuts...?
I can't decide if I should wax my upper lip?
Where do you get your hair cut?
How would you describe your fashion sense?
How to make your hair longer naturally?
Looking for Cheap \LONG WEARING\ LIP LINER (Drugstore)?
I am a slim body but average. I want to know which type of dress will be perfect on me?
Is her hair consider a brunette 10 pts best answer?
How do I hide self-harm cuts/scars in the summer?
How can I become a popular Australian beauty vlogger/fashion blogger?
Which sweater color looks the best?
What to wear to a Red Hot Chili Peppers concert?
which of these 4 drugstore foundation should i buy?
What does his tattoo symbolizes?
Where can I get a varsity jacket?
How can I raise/lift one eyebrow???!!!?
Taking cartilage piercing out early?
What Bra Size am I? Help?
Is my tongue piercing too far back? *pic included*?
feel really sick after getting hair dyed at salon?
I gauged my ears and I need tips to keep them clean so I don't blow them out?
My nipples are sensitive to the touch?
Should all clothes be unisex?
Can white ink aid in shading or highlighting when using mostly black ink?
I want to get a tattoo of the back of a leg on the back of my leg?
Opinion on white prom dresses?
What's the smallest size lettering that can be tattooed?
What color nail polish do you like wearing during the spring?
How to make your hair smell like strawberries or vanilla?
Is it bad that I like to apply old spice deodorant?
Help find me a similar dress (for all you fashionistas!)?
How to get hair like this?
What to wear to a house party?
modeling for magazines?
Why are there so many overweight unattractive people?
How do I cut my hair like this??
Would you ever consider wearing sweats in public?
Would I fit into Brandy Melville?
Guys, do you use slippers or slip ons for your comfort shoes? What brands and styles do you use?
How to find a cute female to chat with online?
What to add to my tattoo?
Can i use mustard to wash and as shampoo?
what is a good foundation?
Should i wear black winged eyeshadow and pink lipstick to school and would it be cute?
Which glasses are best for a teen girl?
So why did my sweat pants catch fire was it the superglue?
What is the best facial cleansing device out there?
Where can i find this dress?
one part of my nose is bigger than the other one?
can an industrial piercing go through cartilage and skin?
How to get hair like Shakira in her video \loca\?
Any tips on getting tattoos?
What wattage does my uv gel lamp need to be to cure?
Is there a product I can apply or inject into a zit or pimple that will get rid of it?
How do I become a chick magnet?
Is my nose big? Thinking about plastic surgery?
Are Abercrombie/Hollister jeans true to size?
What should I wear to work?
I just bought a snapback from China on eBay?
Whats a good skin care routine?
What nationality do I look?
Is it weird for girls to wear nike elite crew socks?
Cologne help for teenage boy in highschool?
How to ask my dad to let me dye my hair?
What is your skin care routine?
Is 2.5 inches of hair growth in three months a lot?
Do I have to match my clothing?
Trimmed pubic hair now it itches?
Can you link me some pics of engagement rings that YOU like?
I've gotten a lip piercing 3 weeks ago, is it infected?
How can I get 3a-3b hair? (picture included please answer)?
Do you like pastel yellow nail polish or neon yellow nail polish and why?
How can I get my naturally long curly hair back?
Good ways to maintain new dreadlocks?
I want my lips naturally pink.. Plz help me guys?
What's the difference between a cheap flat iron and an expensive flat iron?
Giant hoop earrings: Yay or nay?
Do any pills or supplements make your hair grow faster?
Where can I find this shirt???
Should I go to the salon or dye my hair at home?
Can you do international shipping with Bath and Body Works to Australia??? HELP?
What do you think of these glass for a teen girl?
what style of dress is this?
tips/products to help breakage in fine hair?
Heels on 17-year-old girls?
Girls get so jealous of my looks (pictures)?
pimples keep on coming help?
Best face scrub or cleanser?
My forehead is really small how can I make it bigger?
has anyone's hair gorwn back after hypothyroidism hairloss?
Is it possible to break out from using two different face washes?
What do you think about my outfit (guy, early 30s)?
Help please, I bleached my hair with Clorox bleach?
How do I open my NEW opi nail polish?
Could i do hebrew tattoo down my side wards saying ''if i,m not myself,who will i be for me''?
How many inches above the knees is this skirt?
Does anyone know where I can get this dress?!?
How to get rid of acne scabs?
Major dandruff issues and hair falling.?
can I leave manic panic in over night?
hair problem need help quick?
should i wear tights with my dress?
What can I do to make my hair grow?
What are things that make girls attractive / unattractive?
What kind of shirt would I wear with a black star print knit skirt?
Do my eyebrows go with my facial features and look good on me?
Do Ihave hourglass figure if not then what?pic :)?
Is my tattoo supposed to peel?
Should I get this Marc Jacobs watch or Micheal Kors help?
What could I do with this?
Online store for prom shoes?
What's your opinion on guys dying their hair?
Where can I buy good sea salt sprays for my piercings?
How much would a tattoo like this cost?
What lipstick shade would I suit?
Girls that wear shorts under skirts, do you still wear shorts under your maxi skirts?
Extra long maxi skirts and/or dresses?
Should I dye my hair? What color do you think will look good on me?
They say admitting to a problem is the first step?
Are 3.5 inch boots too high for a 14 year old?
What colour are my eyes?
How do I style my hair messy? Like the fresh out of bed look? (Guy)?
how to grow strong, long nails in a week?
Which tattoo do you think I should get next?
Ideas for a new hair color?
I bite my fingernails :/?
Don't you feel like you look different in different mirrors?
How to have my own style?? Girls any advice?
Really frizzy hair, help?
Where can I get a really light hoodie?
how to grow your hair in a week?
How to dye my hair blue? (creme peroxide)?
which brand do you like better and why? Coach or Vera Bradley?
What's the best face wash for sensitive combination skin?
How to make a modeling portfolio?
can i have a long hair?
which is better looking of these two purses?
Swimming with belly piercing ?
What is my face shape?
What kind of hair style does this afro-black guy have on yahoo answers?
15 year old ,problem with large black rings under eyes for 2 years?
which is better looking of these two?
i think SWAG is a ghetto style?
How rare are hazel/green eyes?
Emo/Scene Haircut description?
I want to feel pretty and confident?
How do you make a temporary tattoo that lasts a good amount of time?
Looking for a perfesional straightner?
How can I make a cute get well card?
Can I swim after getting my ears pierced?
Mineral foundation or liquid foundation or BB/CC cream?
Can you tell me how big these shoe sizes are?
what facial piercing should I get?
Skincare help, please?!!?
Do your eyelashes grow back after they break?
I need help with my curly hair routine?
How can I loosen up the soles on leather boots?
Would bleached tips damage my roots?
Does locks of love let me choose how much hair i can cut off?
What makeup brand has some good eyeshadow palletes?
Does hair grow when flat ironed?
which is better, pencil eyeliner or liquid eyeliner?
Valentines Day Hair Ideas?
When Do I Become the Beautiful Sean?!?
I don't have confidence on my face!! Please help me!!?
Why Muslim girls are more beutiful?
Is sephora or ulta better?
rumors help?!?! please?
How much do rib tattoos hurt? Only answer if you've had it done?
im a high yellow girl i bleached my skin i need to know how long does it take till i look white?
Should I buy a foundation primer or a CC primer?
Heels versus flats - is it all or nothing?
M.A.C make-up help D:?
how to stand out??? how to be unique?
Can I downsize a nose piercing from an 19 to a 22 gauge?
Are my breasts too big for my age?
Which dress for semi??
I dont have that nail cuticle thing? Is that bad?
Problem with freshly stretched ears?? totally new to this..?
what to wear with these hot pink tights?
Why is there so much gossip in hair salons?
Which shirt should I buy?
Any tricks for brighter eyes?
An entire portion is trying to peel off.?
What is a hipster? Please?
DIY crop tops/ sweaters?
Ice blue or candyfloss pink hair?
I'll turn 18 next month. Previously I had a good facial hair growth. But now it has almost stopped?
What color eyeliner looks best on me?
Pierce the Veil tattoos ?
In material is Bombazine the same as Bamboo?
Do guys notice nice feet?
Should I get my hair cut like this?
Are my fears justified?
Which scarf would look better?
What do you think of my tattoo idea?
Belly button/ navel piercing, infect or healing?
How do i help reduce bags under my eyes. im also having trouble with spots.?
How do i get rid of old dark scars on my leg?
Will I get curvier after puberty ?
Is it ok to start stretching your ear at 10 g?
How to prevent razor bumps on extremely sensitive skin!?
what is this??? pendant/talisman?
Is e.l.f cosmetics good quality?
What is the most popular material to make a dress out off?
Is the Bethany Nota Collection at Aeropostale Limited Edition?
whats my faceshape (pic)?
What kind and brand of underwear is best?
Could you list me some material names please?
Question about Stila lip glazes?
which dress would suit me the best?(pictures included)?
What's material measured in?
What will happen to my septum piercing if I get a nose job?
Should I get a new expensive foundation or blush?
Please help girl crisis?
When can I dye my hair to this color?
Do I have olive skin?
Whats my faceshape? (pic)?
Dancer/ softball catcher getting bellybutton pierced?
My Dream Job and how do I get there?
Looking natural and not forced in photos?!?
What shoes should I get?!?
Should I get my belly pierced? (picture included)?
What's worse a crooked nose or a big long nose?
What good makeup to get at a Walgreens?
which dress would suit me best?
when can i redye my hair?
Scared to cut my long hair but...?
Which dress should I wear to semi formal?
Fixing and having a more natural smile in pictures?!?
How can I wear a plaid shirt without looking country?
What are some pretty girls names?
Best hair products for dry and damaged hair that give quick results?
My Hair Has Been Thinning Since I used Peroxide Out In The Sun?
scared to cut my long hair but...?
Weird/unique accesories/clothing ideas?
How to make eyeliner Last all day?
Where can I get a hair dye that'll turn mint with conditioner?
Cartilige piercing healing?
Should I dip dye my hair?
What's the proper way to wear a ring if you're not married?
Would this hair color look good on me?
Are Kim Kardashian's eyebrows filled in here?!?
Is makeup a MUST over age 30?
Women's Loafers, how to wear?
All ear piercings infected?
How to properly clean my belly button piercing?!?
Does girl like guys with 'Dirt Stache?
Do you feel like Catwoman everytime you sharpen your nails? :D?
Is it okay to use this face mask?
Which of these hats should I get?
Which of these hats should I get ?
How long does it take for a conch to heal, and when should I change the bar?
does anyone else think bath n body works prices are ridiculous?
Cartilage piercing healing time?
What naked palette is the best; basics, 1, 2, or 3?
Girls, do you like hair extensions?
How to Fix GHD straighteners?
Can a conch piercing turn you deaf!?
Nice smelling hair oils?
What is this DUPA hair loss now?
Red Wing boot owners(Insulated or non insulated?
How should I care for my nose ring?
My body is hot.how to cool it.?
Can anyone help on hiding my cartilage piercing please?
How to make your hair smell good naturally?
is 12 and a half stone fat?
Which one is better - short or long?
Hellpp!!! Please answer this !!?
Which beanie looks better?
How to get thicker hair?
I have a height problem?
is olive oil good for your natural hair?
It makes me really sad? height?
where can I find hair treatments for my hair?
Can somebody tell me where I can buy this mask?
Would these boots go with jeans?
Are these good measurements for a girl?
how long will it take to grow waist length hair down to my bum?
how much would this tattoo hurt?
which dress is prettier?
which one would you pick out of these?
Is 40 pieces enough tape in hair extensions for a full head?
What's more attractive in your opinion, straight or wavy hair?
What to do with oily skin?
Tattoo Advice Please?
Who is this hot model?
which head band is the best looking?
Xsmall dress at wetseal?
how can you make the hair on your arms and stomach lighter?
how should i where my hair at school camp?
Can I get a tattoo when I have keloids?
What country do I look like I'm from?
do you apply cream concealer before or after bare minerals matte loose foundation?
which headband looks he best?
which headband looks the best?
How to curl man hair jewfro?
can my parents force me to get rid of a piercing?
Is straightening hair worth it?
Why do I have so many beauty moles?
Best hair color product?
Needing a GREAT concealor to cover old acne scars and the reddness from them?
Can you get a complete tan in 2 days?
I'll after tragus piercing?
Natural remides for getting hair dye out?
Is ombré hair still in?
How do contour my face if its diamond shaped?
How do I style my hair like this?
stretching my ears...?
Would xs skirts and dresses from Forever 21 fit me?
Why do people hate outtie bellybuttons so much?
Why do people hate outtie bellybuttons so much?
Do I look too skinny?
Professor counted me absent for not dressing right?
HELP!!! Loreal hicolor hilights magenta!?!?
Which handbag would you choose?
i was thinking something like this to reach perfection on the wardrobe?
How to shave your pubes?
where can I buy white mascara?
How to shave your pubes?
Walmart ear piercing?
What is a good primer?
What is a good foundation and concealer?
what are some of the best drugstore brand concealers you've used?
how to look????? 10 pts?
My nose is too big? but.. got an idea!?
Can you wear Converse shoes and dress to homecoming dance?
I have premixed henna thats gone runny. How do I save it?
Reliable Website To Buy Shoes?!?
how to use castor oil as a face moisturizer?
Is my nose piercing in the right place?
Could these girls all like me?
How to show people I'm growing up?
Which earrings will go best with my ring?
Any good Drugstore concealer for both dark under eyes and blemishes?
Why do guys find yoga pants attractive?
When Do You Think I Could Stretch Again?
Why don't parents let kids 16-17 get tattoos?
Is it \ok\ to get a tongue ring?
what should I where with a beige/tan cable knit cardigan?
Where can I find these!!!!???
AM I GOING TO BLOW UP!??!?!?!?!?
About boots that have a slippery heel?
Can I fit an 18 gauge in my 19 gauge nose piercing?
Which jeans go best with this sweater?
What kind of fake eyelashes are these?
I want to take a bath in Cetaphil® lotion.?
How do some people stay looking like a teenager until their late 20s?
What color goes best with cream colored shoes?
can yall make me some outfits please?
Are Lucchese cowboy boots any good? Fit true to size?
At what age did you start noticing wrinkles?
Beauty guru username ideas?
why is my hairline receding?!?
What is a good permanent hair dye?
Which bra should I get? (Gilly Hicks)?
What exactly does toner do?
Is my tattoo what they call \blown out?\?
Should I get 6 Ear piercings?
should i get snake bites?
What colour should I paint my nails?
What is your opinion on guys that wear khakis frequently?
Should I shave my mustache?
Cool facebook page to follow for fashion/style tips?
Help !! Teenage girl with horrible under eye circles !!!?
got my nipples pierced how long should i wait?
What is a good acne scar removal home remedy for oily/ dry skin. I also have huge pores haha?
In grown toe nail? Please help (picture included)?
Am I too thin like this for work??? Guy (pics)?
Are vintage flower tattoos cliché?
Does primer help make your face appear even?
How do I get my arms to be- not as skinny?
where to buy good hairbows (read details plz)?
How does this sound for a tattoo?
What is the see-through fabric called?
People with picture tattoos:Where did you get your idea from?
How to make my self model perfect?
How to make my self model perfect?
Insecure about my face?
Will not washing hair and using dry shampoo instead make my hair healthier/grow?
Would not shaving my face be bad for future hair growth?
will bleaching half of an 11 year olds hair ruin it? (bottom half)?
Lets swap clothes this second what would i end up wearing?
how much would a tattoo like this cost?
Rhinoplasty in korea .?
would this hair color look good on me?
Lets swap clothes this second what would i end up wearing?
Is it ok for a guy to like girl things?
My hair is a brownish redish. what color will my hair turn if I bleach it?
Do I need concent to dye my hair? I'm 17.?
Bleached hair 5 times in one night?
When should I get my cartilage pierced?
Can tumeric powder help under eye wrinkles?
Cool ways to design your locker?
Don't you agree that most men are turned off by women wearing high fashion clothing?
What age should you start using anti-aging prevention stuffs?
What type of body do I have? Should I lose weight?
Would i look good with snake bites ? (pics included)?
How to make leg hair less noiticable!?!?!?
can I get germs on my lip balm from school?
What shampoo and conditioner what be good for dry and damaged hair? :(?
Best affordable thick conditioner?
Baby name Leo, Theo or Tom?
Short scene haircuts?
Where can I find this shirt???
Which shoes go better?
I want a tattoo? Help please? lol?
Getting Tattoos Before Pregnancy?
What is my prom dress size?
Rate/comment on these pants?
how do i be more girly?
Teen girls: short!! where do I find this?!?!? :)?
Primer,concealer,foundation for dry and oily skin?
Should I dye my hair lighter or darker(picture)?
I am looking for a pair of headphones up to $30. I want them to be cute,and work pretty good?
Can a ~5'5'' girl get into plus size modeling?
Hip Dermal Piercings?
Tattoo healing process?
some outfit suggestions please help?
Is my belly button piercing infected?
Do guys really like curled hair over straight?
getting my hair colored before getting a perm.?
getting my hair colored before getting a perm.?
Would these shoes look right with this dress?
Would these shoes look right with this dress?
Winter dance dress website suggestions?
What hair product does Leonardo Dicaprio use in Wolf of Wall Street?
Am I the only one that thinks I look better without eyeliner or mascara?
Girls, do you think she did this to make me mad?
I need to know my shoe size?
Revlon colorstay or covergirl 3 in 1 foundation?
burgundy hair color??? please help?
Victoria's secret bombshell push-up bra v.s very sexy push up bra? which is better?
Can you contour with the Maybelline Fit Me Foundation Stick?
whats a good concealer for blemishes?
GIRLS! I Need Help Help On My Eye Shape!!?!?
Shopping for guy clothes-- what to get?
I'm 15 and I model in La California. I have light brown eyes what color contacts should I get?
please explain this.?
Need someone who's good with makeup?
please make me some outfits?
How to find expiration dato on L'Oreal Shampoo?
Do you like getting a tan?
Can I dye my hair red?
What are the latest fashion trends?
Should i use matte or shimmer bronzer?
Why is it that I see a lot of questions from girls about their Moms not letting them shave?
How do I change my hair style to be ALL facing backwards?
Maybelline falsies or cover girl lash blast fusion?
what colour those eyes?
How can I get wavy hair like this?
Should I call American Eagle?
which color is the best looking of this bra?
I am 5'8, are these going to make me too tall?
What color should I dye my hair if I'm in a band?
which color is better looking of these?
Should I cut my long hair short?
Fashion sense in india ?
which color is better looking of this bra?
How can I get big wavy hair without heat?
Needing hair extention help?
I'm getting my navel pierced. How bad will it hurt? I already have 4 lobe piercings. How does it compare?
Where can I buy a derma roller?
getting a manicure/pedicure?
Mascara recommendations?
Am I doing the right training to walk in high heels?
My perfect foundation shade is maybelline fit me 110 but...?
How can I make my hair blonde and my eyes blue?
Glue in hair extensions?
Are there any herbs known to reduce facial hair on women ?
what to wear over a skater dress?
Should I get my moles checked?
About how much would this tattoo be in LA?
How often do brazilians wash their hair?
How to style a bright red sweater? I really need your help!?
How often should I wash my hair?
My urban decay naked basics eyeshadow creases no matter what primer i use. Any ideas?
Which jeans go best with this sweater?
how do you know the different types of makeup?
What qualifications does one need to become a makeup artist?
Getting my hair cut...help!?
Are my eyes wide apart?
Can a red head be a model?
Opinions on beauty videos please?
what is a good make up to hide acne ? Something that's not expensive please?
Any good cheap lipstick / lip glosses that look like the colour scarlett johansson is wearing in this pic?
How to straighten really dry, curly hair?
What to wear to prom (guys)?
Which nose strips would you recommend?
I have a serious problem , I don't know my bra size , I am 1.56cm height and 55kg?
Help! I might need a veneer!?
Where can I get this dress?
First tattoo and I need help!?
Does Tattoo Temple Hong Kong Take Requests?
What shall I wear to garage nation at scala kings cross?
Cant get shampoo out hair?! :/?
birthday party dress ideas?x?
Instagram name idea? Cosmetologist.?
Only if you have use one. Best scar cream.?
Where can i get this dress off glee?
What should I wear with a black maxi skirt?
Are knit vests that are long in the front out of style?
elastic/stretchy cheap leggings?
Do you need a thigh gap to wear skinny jeans?
Aviators or Wayfarers?
Returning clothes without the tags attached?
Gold Filled Jewelry in Shower ?
Would I ruin my synthetic lace front wig if I put it in water that is too hot?
Do you think I'm pretty?
Are plaid flannel shirts \in\?
Contacts won't go in?
What color nail varnishes go together?
I had my conch pierced?
Do you like this dress?
Best foundation/concealer for me?
Estee Lauder Double Wear Foundation?
Where can I find the Carrie Underwood Collection from Nicole by OPI?
Is this a good skin care routine?
Hair question? someone didn't answer last time :P?
I have a white nylon puff vest. It has become dingy. How can I whiten it?
Contacts won't go in?
crop tops?????????????????????????????????????
Which leg warmers look better?
I copy a celebrity??
cArTiLaDgE pIeRcInG HELP!!!?
I have hair growing onto my forehead!?
Fashion Police Needed!! I need help to put this outfit together.?
How long does it take to grow out your eyebrows so you can reshape them?
tanning bed question?
Is It Safe To Change My Belly Piercing ?
Why do the jocks wear skirts?
1 month old tattoo itchy with small bumps?
What size pants do I wear?
Why is my hair breaking off?!?
What is an average cost of a tattoo?
What color shade of Goldwell should I use to get a really ashy medium blonde?
When Should A Girl Be Allowed To Start Wearing Make-Up??
Can I get a keratin treatment?
Is It Safe To Change My Belly Piercing ?
Rebecca minkoff purse?
What to wear for a party....?
I am thinking on dying my hair dark chestnut brown and with a purple tint.?
Usernames like........?
how to make a ponytail nicer?
Tall women - where do you shop?
Total cost of breast augmentation?
Help about breast implants?
Curly hair problems?
What brand and shade is this lipstick?PICTURE INCLUDED?
How to style a sunflower top?
Is this t-shirt design too much?
6 inch hair for a guy?
Is Motions hair conditioner any good?
I need help thinking of a blog name :)?
Would my hair fry if i dyed it dark brown?
What is this symbol called?
Outfit help,and clothing/shopping advice, please? (a series of questions!)?
Is it hard to take off or wash off waterproof mascara?
What should I wear for shoes?
Does thick hair look good short?
I'm 14. I have had random white hairs since I was about five years old, why?
Piercings, well belly button?
Getting a big thigh tattoo done, will I have to have more that one session?
is a clear through lip ring notiable?
is a clear through lip ring notiable?
Which is good conditioner for dry, wavy hair for men?
How to look like a Victoria's Secret model??(details)?
can i go from highlights and dyed brown to blonde all over?
How do I keep my bangs out of the way without clips, pins, or headbands?
Why some people do not need to put on deodorant?
What is latest tagline of sunsilk shampoo ?
my eyes are burning?!!!?
What are some good concealers?
How to take the needle out if silver crest sewing machiine?
Bargain lace wigs UK?
what size do I wear in boys and girls? I wear an 11 in women?
Could I put this material banner outside?
Breast size help 28DD or ?
should i put blonde highlights in my hair?
Wearing a tampon at school?
why use of soap is not good after doing bleach on face?
Why do so many teenagers dye their hair?!?
How much would a 4-word tattoo cost? I don't want it very big at all?
What does numbers for sizes on shirts mean?
Septum piercing bump?
A nobody know where to buy glow in the dark nail polish and also how much does it cost?
Need natural remedy for adult acne?
What do I do about my navel piercing?
Why are there all these insecure chicks on Yahoo Answers?
smiley piercing pain?
does my hand look aggressive overall unattractive why is it that women dont get turned on?
Prom Dress stores for fat girls in Oklahoma?
Indian people skin colour name?
Did the hairdresser mess up my hair or does it look nice?
New lip piercing. Help!!!?
How to feel confident again? (Hair story)?
Will olive oil make body hair grow?
What is your favorite Colour?
What qualifications do you need to do bridal make up?
how to get rid of red hair without stripping?
What high end make-up is worth getting?
How can I get rid of my dry scalp? Are there cheaper alternatives to the Aveda Scalp Benefits hair care line?
When should I take a shower?
how to get rid of permanent red hair dye withouy stripping or bleaching?
Victoria's Secret PINK has the mini backpacks for $10. Is that a good deal?
Mascara that will pull the lashes up wards? Illusion of curl?
What kind of design is this?
How to lighten freckles?
where to get massages for a birthday present.?
Iphone case won't fit properly?
What shirt and shoe color best fit with dark brown shorts?
Best site to buy men's bracelets?
What color hair would look best? *pic*?
The Beatles or Deadmau5 (Shirt)?
Why has my hair been so greasy?
What should I wear???????????????????
How to choose color powder online?
What should I wear???????????????????
Are guys turned down by dyed hair?
Why do people buy Jordan's and Beats by Doctor Dre?
Is this a nice jumpsuit (pic)???????????
Do chubby cheeks make you look younger?
can i used night cream altogether with day cream with spf?
should I dye my hair light brown or reddish brown?
What do u wear under a leotard in gymnastics?
hoola bronzer or too faced chocolate solice?
Should I wear makeup in year 7?
If you use a cleansing gel that's for sensitive skin but your skin is not sensitive...?
Can guys were converse high top all black with shorts?
What's wrong with brown sweaters?
I have a lot of hair problems and need a permanent solutions for same. Any hair solution arnd mumbai bandra?
What websites can I use to sell an aftershave gift set?
How to build a modeling portfolio?
Can you dye relaxed hair without bleach?
Acrylic nails im confused?
Can i put st moritz instant tan in my spray tan machine?
is it worth getting a smiley piercing?
do white people consider Asians ugly?
What is this haircut called? (:?
Where can I buy eye curler pads?
I want emo hair yes i have long hair but its not emo i love emo ,,that give me answer what do i do...?
I need shopping adviceee?
should I dye my hair purple? (for a male)?
What does it mean when a girl wears designer things...?
Is there a way at home to remove arm and leg hair?
what shade of brown should I go for ?
help me! how do carry off a traditional face and looks in a classic and stylish manner?! tips?
what did the little girls hair look like?
What do you think of this coat?
Help: best product for \down there\?
When will my littlewoods parcel arrive?
Is a boned corset as effective as a steel boned corset?
Is a boned corset as effective as a steel boned corset?
Best drugstore Self-Tanner?
Guys and girls suggest me a good hairstyle?
My Mom says my hair looks bad parted in the front.?
I'm wearing a tiny micro skirt but?
what should be the best suited dress for black sandals?
Screw ear gauge won't unscrew or loosen?
why are lace bras so itchy!?
My six inch spike heels have just worn a hole in the carpet?
What's the best way for me to get tan?
Spend-a-holic? Please Help?
What do you want want from the fashion & beauty industry?
Is this a good outfit to wear to the cinemas?
Should I get Shellac or Bio Sculpture?
Did I do good with my bangs?
has anyone gotten a bump on their nipple piercing?
Girls, do you like to wear false lashes?
which heels looks the best among them?
Dolce Gusto (brand new) doesn't work.?
How to do hair spa at home?
Mac 252 brush, whats it for? Ughhhh?
Do you like Nail Polish?
safe ways to tan? light skin?
Guys:Straight Hair or Curly hair on girls?
Self conscious about my body....?
Will my eyelashes grow back after chalazions?
my measurements are 32-26-36 , weight 54 & height 5'.4 is it good for a girl or not plz tell?
Body hair problems!! Help please?
How would you break into fashion styling?
Acne problem please help?
Iintelligent nonsuperficial guys out there, what do you think of a girl wearing a real musache?
Can a business make you cover a medical alert tattoo?
HAS ANYONE BOUGHT FROM BARGAIN LACE WIGS UK?!?
What characters me and my friend dress up as for our sports day?
Letter R Themed Birthday Party. Costume Ideas?
Glitz Swimwear for Pageants!?
Is there any harm in wearing cosmetic contact lens daily?
Would I look better in a one-piece? 10 points for honest answer?
Bare Minerals for full coverage?
How to change nipple barbell jewelry?
Where can I find this dress and who is the designer?
Where can I buy some real Brazilian hair?
How to make my boobs smaller naturally?
Makeup counter job? How do i get it?
Is it weird that I hate shopping because I feel like I'm not good enough?
how to look perfect ?
How can I get the singed burned hair smell out of my hair?
How many times should an adult (age 20 to 25) shower/bath a week?
Can stickers on red bubble be used on tshirts?
what earrings will go with a chunky silver necklace?
what is your favourite shoe brand?
wash Victoria secret purse pic inculded?
What to wear with a white button down?
Where can I buy white boxer-briefs?
Would a men's small for a 6/8 womens?
Is it good to keep a shower cap on when you have the conditioner in?
which color is the best looking of these?
which color is the best looking of this bra?
Anyone else love the way satin or silk Salwar Kameez look on women?
Curly or straight? what is better?
How exactly do patients pay for their cosmetic surgery?
Best Friend Quotes for Tattoo?
Dandruff and hair problems. Please Help!!!!!!?
Manor nair issues with dandruff. Help!??????
Can you ice a week old tattoo?
Please tell the Shoe name of tis guy wearing?
which heels looks the best?
Would it be okay to buy the same jacket that another girl I know has?
What to wear to demi lovato neon light tour 2014?
Which should I get done first: industrial or rook piercing?
New school and unifrom advice needed!! :)?
How to fade self harm scars?
can I change my own cartilage earring? or do I need to go to a piercer?
How can I make my navel piercing heal quicker?
What kind of fringe hairstyle do you think I should have?
Does my nose stick out too much? point of views. pics?
Can you recommend a shampoo for frizzy, dry hair?
Please Suggest me which I select?
is retailsneaker.net legit shoe are there produce real?
Which Serum do i use before styling hair?
Is a week too early to take out a sew in?
What is the best shampoo and conditioner for dyed hair?
Hi m opening a botique name after me that is 'khushbu' I wanna some style statment to it.?
Can you repierce an old piercing that left a scar?
How many box dye should I get for my hair?
Why do some people want to get scars on purpose?
Make up table is plain and boring!?
Help me choosing between these glasses?
I am sexy guy.sports bra is fit for me.but I want to wear bikini for fun.where I found it?
I want to buy bollywood replica clothes. Like what bollywood stars wear.?
Help a short fat girl dress better!?
Am I considered a Brunette?
If fair haired people are blondes, brown haired people are brunettes, red haired people are redheads,?
Any affordable day spa in Briarwood Circle, Ann Arbor?
Contouring... Someone help me, please!?
where to get cute, comfortable, and baggy tshirts for sleeping in?
I cut my hair and it turne out bad please help?
Making breasts larger?
Is it true that wearing heels is pain?
Tips on how to not blush so much?
Will dying my already bleached hair a darker blonde work?
Nail Polish Under A UV light?
Changing belly piecing?
Is it possible to remove a tattoo with ink remover?
How do I shave my pubic hair properly?
Little black hairs on nose?
Should I Repierce My Own Belly Button?
Ladies- does any of you know what hair curling iron did this chick use? \Pics\?
Comment on my haircut?
Can I get my thick hair back after dying it so much?
need to look slender for my new gf.?
Curly hair 10 points?
HELPPPP!!! Do I wash off after shave balm?
Can It ale my earrings out?
Is it bad when you put hydrogen peroxide to my indrustial piercing ?
Do you think she's attractive?
Does dr leonard ultra max shampoo work on black peoples hair?
Tattoo that represents a struggle or overcoming a struggle?
i have an interview on Tuesday and i have tattoos on wrist and fingers i need a heavy duty concealer?
Girls is this ok to wear?
Will Nutrilite Hair, Skin, and Nails help to get rid of Dandruff along with Satinique Antidandruff shampoo?
Affordable Tattoo/Piercing shops?
Is 14 too young to wear heels?
How much would this tattoo cost?
Is there a meaning about having 3 cowlicks on my head?
Are these shoes the real pair?
i accidentally swallowed fash wash what do i do?
Random hives on face?
Is getting \Wanting to be someone else is a waste of the person you are\ too cliché for a tattoo?
Hair wash & straightening question?
How to put up hair in a bun so it doesn't pull at my scalp?
May I skip the toner and moisturizer?
Facial wash giving me spots?
I wanna cut my ow hair?
What type of figure is this?
do people usually look more attractive with glasses or without, so do u recommend glasses or contact lenses?
In desperate need of help for my acne please help!?
I want a tattoo of something other than quotes but still have meaning?
What shade of makeup should I wear?
What is a good burgundy purple hair color?
which is the best hair bleach?
Can someone help me figure out how to dress?
What color tops could go with these boots?
L have much pimples on my face and body ...can i smoke and drink?
how can i look good in glasses?
I'm a male and I have dark circle eyes , how to get rid of it?
What is a good, LONG LASTING powder foundation?
Why does everyone wear skinny pants/jeans?
Does it look weird to wear tuxedo shoes with a suit, for a wedding?
Why does my nose ring constantly keep getting stuck ?
How can I repair my colour treated hair?
is this normal for me to have, or would you consider me spoiled?
how do i make my foundation/bb cream last long?
Is this necklace masculine?
What is up with my nail biting?
What is up with my nail biting?
What do you wear to a rave?
How do I get good cheekbones without makeup?
how do u girls get your scene hair?
better clothes fit for an unproportional guy?
Do you guys know where i can buy a Justin Bieber Hoodie ?
Can anyone tell me the brand of this vintage jacket?
What to wear with a mini skirt?
what can a guy wear to a 80s themed party?
What hair color is this?
Business casual help?
I saw a photo of a bracelet watch and love it very much, is there anyone who can tell me where I can buy it?
Paying $200 for a 10karat gold ring?
How do I stretch my ears after an inch?
Will Tinted Moisturizers Make You Break Out?
Does anyone know the brand of these sunglasses??
Aboutbest hair transplantation Doctor /Clinic in Mumbai?
Which Basic Jobs Let You Keep Long Hair?
What is the stretchy, plastic string material that is used to make choker tattoo necklaces/bracelets called?
What's a good moisterizer for combo/sensitive skin?
Why do I have so much grease on my face and nose?
How do I stop my foundation from wearing off?
Brazilian Waxing . . .?
Torrid Haute Cash code January 2014 $100 off $200?
Bleach or color remover ? Please answer c:?
Which socks color should I get? (From Victoria's Secret) 10 pts?
Is there any sunscreen lotion which can make you look more fair for that time and having good SPF?
Shimmery blush or bronzer??
Should I bleach my hair or use a color remover ?
I am a guy want wear bra.which type fit me proporly in my moobs.plz help?
I am 17 years old and have good physics but my face has pimples not all over but it has moderate amount?
what's a good eyeliner for me ?
How can I get my hair like Ryan Shecklers?
Can i re pierce my nose if theres scarred tissue?
Why do girls walk especially wierd in heels?
Which is weirder, wearing two pairs of pants or getting your belly button pierced?
Nike shoe makes a 'sticky' noise whenever I take my foot off the ground.?
my sew in hair extensions hurt?
Clothes to compliment my hair?
how can i get my hair crimped by braiding it?
Does any one know a shopping website that's kind of for teens but sells random stuff?
Will this make a difference?
Which Organix shampoo should I use?
How long does it take for ur hair to grow a foot?
is my nose peircing infected? HELP?
Who else has donated their hair.?
Should I dye my hair blond or stick ith what i have now?
Please help me it's urgent!!?
Cosmetology school confusion!?
Victoria secret modeling and fashion show?
My upper right lip swelled up?
How do u like a girl:long hair,medium hair,short hair or pixie style. And why?
which skirt is better looking of these two?
Is it ok to wear White Tank Tops with dark blue jeans?
Makeup tips for flat face.?
which color is better looking of these pants?
How long are 10 inch inseam athletic shorts?
Hipster tumblr users?!?!?
Which of these for winter formal?
Quick question about hair growth!?
will straightening my hair make me go bald?
Is it okay for a male to use Neutrogena acne concealer?
Crossdressing in Highschool?
where can I find FOAM hair rollers about 3' in diameter?
My 25 questions tag.what do u think?
Where Can I Buy a White Lace Umbrella?
I have a very dry scalp my hairs itchy a lot. I have even stopped using hair gel from ages.?
Tattoo words is peeling,, what do I do ?
What do you think of this outfit combination for Valentine's Day?
Does it look weird to wear a top longer than your cardigan?
How to make fade/cover up self harm scars?
Is it true all black girls wear wigs?
How To Remove Permanent Black Hair Color?
What are the best modeling agencies for females between ages 15-25 in Los Angeles?
Birkenstock Preferences?
How do I keep my piercings from healing over in my sleep?
I saw this tattoo once but forget where and what it was, can you help?
I gt my lft ear lobe pierced 3 weks ago, I cleans it twice a day fr 5 weeks ,, is it ok 2 chnge da earring nw?
PROACTIVE for those who used it!?
What are the benefits of lemon juice for hair?
I want to get my ears stretched or a lip ring, which one should I choose?
My hairdresser won't highlight my hair?
Do I think moles are unattractive?
How to re-pierce my tongue?
How do i keep my hair in place ?
What is your natural scent/smell?
What do male celebrities use in the shower.?
What Does Regular Mean For A Mens Size on Ebay ?
My hair is blondish/sandy brown but eye brows are really dark and facial hair is black?
How can i get 8 inch hair in one month ?
belly button piercing opinion?
What hair color do I dye my hair to to get dirty blonde?
Receding Hairline, I have long hair?
girls: what to do about dandruff?
Dresses for eight grade graduation?
how do i make my dark lips lighter?
Belly Button Piercing Bump?
Where to find fashionable women's tailcoats? Is fanplusfriend any good for them?
What kind of hair does this guy have?
What do you think of...?
How to get rid od Under Skin Pimple?
My eyebrows are naturally uneven? how do i fix it?
Really good rhinoplasty surgeons in Chicago or Iowa?
What is this color in my eyes?
How do I dress my age?
Rough feel on face? Please read?
how to dry my hair faster while wearing bendy rollers?
Why cant i blieve im pretty when it comes from others?!?
How about this fashion iPhone 5S case?
Boyfriend wants me to make him a knitted hat for snowboarding help me with color combos plz!?
How to keep your makeup on all day?
why would my hair do the opposite? I had a hair full of hair down to my back, went natural and now this?
I just re opened my pierced ear with a thumbtack will I be ok?
I need a hawaiian outfit idea?
Am I doing everything right?
does straightening my hair damage it?
Girl girls:make me over?
Are thongs slutty or can they be classy?
Is spending $5.00 on a hair wash at a nice salon a good price?
i have bald spots in my eyelashes from previous damage. will they grow back? or should i get lash extensions?
can you wear suede shoes with a snake skin leather dress?
im going to a sleepover in may and its going to be spring what should i wear if i like her brother?
I need help/ advice with style... help?
How do you make stick straight hair curly?
what do people see in me that I don't?
don't have a lot of money and i need to dress like the 70's?
Is it alright to wear a full coverage concealer with a bb cream? (for my dark circles)?
I want to get my hip pierced?
what shirt goes good with a lace creamy skirt?
How can you get rid of tan lines without tanning them out? ._.?
Miss Dior or Marc Jacobs Daisy?
Where can we go to buy cheap michael kors outlet?
Growing out my eyebrows?
Is Fantasia IC Heat Protection Serum good for straightening your hair with a flat iron?
Hello,I am 24 middle figure guy.which type bra,bikini I use daily.please help.?
What car do people seem richer owning, a Mercedes or BMW?
How would you wear these kinds of pins?
Buy no show/low cut colorful/funky low socks for women with large shoe sizes?
Brown hair dye that will completely wash out?
Can I put peroxide IN an infected thing?
Plz help hawaiian outfit idea?
what are some good inexpensive hair products to curl hair?
In your opinion, Do mixes girls have better hair than black girls?
does every woman have to pluck her eyebrows?
should a guy shave his chest hair?
How do I get red dye out of my dirty blonde hair?
How bad is it?! omg!?
Please help me!!!!!!?
Help with stage makeup?
What to you suggest I do for my infected lip?
How to confess to my demanding parents about getting Rhinoplasty?
Is high school too old for jelly sandals?!?
Guys: Girly girl, tomboy, or both?
Why is my hair falling out?
Too shy to be a model?
can i put these in my lip?
Victorias secret Job interview clothing?
I'm thinking of getting my tongue pierced?
Pandora charm fading/turning orangey?
Can you help me with my hair problems?
pics included want to know what to do with my unmanagable hair?
SHORT HAIR, what do you think?
Best DRUGSTORE dry shampoo for me?
What is a cheap price for a cashmere sweater?
Which store is more expensive and has better quality?
What do I use to clean my belly button peircing if I want to change it?
what are some cool hipster or stylish things to wear?
http://www.oshopairshoes.com/?
Questions regarding a tongue piercing? Please answer!?
Starting A Youtube Beauty Channel?
Is it normal for eyedrops to make my eyes burn&itch?
Would an outfit look okay if the only pop of color was an undershirt?
which color longchamp tote should I get as a highschool student?
Is this a hipster thing or just a cool look of mine?
Does Derma E Scar Gel work?
Can I change my earrings?
Whats the best contouring product?
Can somebody please give me advice on what haircut/style I should get please?
Wearing socks with heels?
where can i but sweatshirts?
Why don't more people wear purple eyeshadow it makes your eyes pop?
Why did Steve ask me these questions ?
will curly hair make my face look slimmer?
What shade of brown are my eyes?!?
How can i make clothes bigger?
how to they dress in Austria?
HELP Does vitamin e oil help fade scars?
Is this necklace OK to wear to my interview?
where can i buy some good headbands?
Can I wear tights under a pencil skirt?
Do you think I could be a model?
Hair color expert help needed!?
Pretty teen blonde actresses with blue eyes?
Do dark circles make you look like your on crack?
Issue with ballet flats?
can you return makeup to target?
should my nose stud be lose?
Can't get my industrial bar back in?
Should I buy a dress now, or just wait?
Does the Obagi blue peel work? And how long does it take to heal?
how to remove Malia from under your eyes?
Are ny eyes green or blue?
Will getting sleeves stop me getting jobs?
What is the shape if my head?
what do you think about dark brown eyes?
natural additives to mix in with Henna?
Do Youu Like When Your Man Has A Shaved Face Or All Hairy And Poky ?
What do you think of the Pretty Little Liars collection at Aeropostale?
thick skin on top of big toe not yellow colored not sure what this is?
Are my lips too big??
is it ok to be scene and how do i not look like a poser?
What is the BEST foundation for oily skin on the market?
Which black lipstick is better: Blackheart Beauty OR Blackheart Poison Kiss?
What can I fill my eyebrows with ?
I want to join modeling?
BeautyGuru video ideas.?
I had my tongue pierced for two weeks now and my bottom ball the silver is coming off I don't know why ..?
Clear studs cause infection?
How should I do my makeup for this event?
hip tattoos vs foot tattoos?
Do I have broad shoulders?
Does anyone have any hair style suggestion ( pic included)?
How long should I wait to change tongue bar?
Can I use a 20 volume developer with a medium natural brown hair dye?
Which user is this on vine?
Where to find swimsuits like these?
will my nose piercing close?
How to get blue Manic Panic out?
Is Louis Vuitton better quality than Coach for men's wallets?
how can I remove scars?
dying my hair from orangy blonde to brown?
how can I make myself look prettier?
am i too thin?????????
What shade (or closest) of lipstick is this?
Emo/Scene Male Hairstyles?
do eyebrow piercings leave scars for black people?
How badly does a belly piercing hurt?
How long did it take you to grow your hair really long?
How to clean a hair bow?
What are your favorite boots?
Does it sound like I have Alopecia?
What is your favorite kind of eyeliner?
why does my hair keep breaking I dont harm it?
21st birthday ideas, help please?
Does this beard Suit me ?
My tattoo machine stopped working?
When do I ask my mom to let me shave my legs?
I think my hair is damaged...Any suggestions?
Getting hair dyed and streak same day okay?
Does navy blue go with a slightly lighter blue?
Which dress should I get for my dance solo?
Stretching ears from 12g to 8g?
Going on holiday, fair skin, do I use sunbeds first?
How can I make my naturally straight hair wavy?
can someone recommend a hig end scrub and cleanser in one?
Does this beard suit me ?
Whats a good website that has cheap formal shoes?
Potential problem with a belly button piercing?
how do i ask my mum if i can shave my head?
Getting my eyebrows waxed?
what are some foods to get healthier, longer and thicker hair FAST?
Are these shoes okay for school?
I really need help getting my hair t a light brown?
HOW TO DYE DIED HAIR RED?
Professional Dress Black Tights?
Tattoo before going clubbing?
Will my hair be the same again?
When will stores make iphone 5c cases?
Can someone tell me what my eye color is?
is there an app where you can see through peoples clothes?
Is it better to only wear eye makeup?
Straightening my hair with layers?
is this diet ok to lose weight?
Which coat do you like better?
Hair dye: how soon is too soon?
What are some good fashion blogs?
When should I start tanning?
I have ginger hair(dyed not natural) can I still go blonde?
How much will a tattoo cost?
How to dress to be taken seriously as a girl?
I'm a girl and I have chest hair?
hairstyle for tomorrow?
Guys: Do you like a thigh gap in women?
how long after you dye Ur hair can u dye it the same color?
How do I get my nails to grow longer in like a week???
The most beautiful woman you've ever seen... what race was she?
which do you prefer to wear skirts or trousers or shorts?
Were should I get my tattoo, and how bad do they hurt?
How do I monogram things if I don't have a middle name?
Pure cocoa butter for skin scars?
How much should a temporary proffesional tattoo cost?
How can I fashion up my clothes and wardrobe?
does this help reduce the appearance of stretch marks?
cheap simple dresses??? for my quinceanera?
Can I make soap while away at college?
How bad will a thigh tattoo hurt?! Answers please! Side or front?!?
Nipple piercing on a girl?
Where can I buy the best Ejuice?.?
HELP!!! Skin emergency!!?
Do you think my hair is long?
guys: how pretty ??? 1-10 scale , 10 being the highest?
do you think that these sunglasses will look good on me?
What is a liquid? Best answer=15 points?
Are hairstylists allowed to cut more than supposed to?
should I dye my hair lighter or darker???!!!?
Two super heros that work together to dress up as?
If my hair is frizzy should i get ombre?
Different ways to keep my hair up?
what is this shape of this nose called?
Question about shopping in the UK!?
How can I feel less insecure about my appearance, etc?
Are all my measurements for my body normal?
My friend is Yugoslavian with curly blk hair?
Is Light Brown skin the best complexion?
Can I buy a trio pack of all of the naked palettes?
Victorias secret job?
How can I stop from aging ????
Is my too nose big. ?
I need to redo 8th grade, any tips?
Why do I have a habit of pulling out my elelashes is this normal ?
My hair stylist ruined my hair... should I still pay her?
I really hate my body?
How To Tell If You Have Lice?
How long does it take for your finger to turn normal colored?
Any sites/ companies to order jeans for big & tall men?
any tips to get healthy hair that'll eventually lead to hair growth?
belly piercing question?
Where to buy underwear with words on the butt of cute sayings?
What color should i dip dye my hair?
Do you get $50 off Uggs on your birthday?
How fast does hair grow?
wheres a good spot for a tattoo of a walleye?
Torrid Haute Cash Jan 2014?
Does this go together?
Do I have dead ends pic inside?
Uhhh help?! Please hair care?
how to choose the right hair color?
What type of bathing suit should I wear?
Am I gonna be ok taking these vitamins daily for hair-loss ?
What are the odds that I will become bald?
What is this hair length? *Pic*?
Are backwards snapbacks in fashion again?
What Colour Should I Dye My Hair?
Winter formal help??
Is it wrong that i wear band tshirts all the time?
Oily skin routine - doing something wrong?
Tattoo style? Help! (10 pts)?
Thoughts on my outfit? Please answer :)!?
What are some other things that symbolize uniqueness and would make a good tattoo?
Should I cut my hair? O:?
Are You allowed too have piercings in job corps?
What is a good tattoo shop in Los Angeles?
How do I make my hair grow quicker?
How do you make a mud mask/ facial?
Can you run out of finger nails?
What are some cheap, easy, and good spa birthday ideas for teens for about 12 people?!?
How to REALLY get rid of eye bags?
thinking about a bbl?
Why is my hair falling out?
I'm a girl and I don't know how to dress casual for a debate?
I don't have cleavage?
How much for micro braids?
How big is this bag in inches?
How to make my hair grow faster?!?
Can I stretch my ears if one was pierced at a slight downward angle?
Can I have a visible tattoo and be a psychologist?
I think im allergic to stainless steel piercings?
How do most! girls I see pictures of on the internet have such LONG! hair?! How can I get it really long?
What do you think are the best overall mens brands?
Does a 13 inch macbook fit into the large michael kors selma satchel?
Do I have to take off old acrylic nail polish to put on new polish?
Is this wierd or a bad idea?
I dont want my hair to turn a weird color?
hair question!(: dyeing it?
Ideas for tv and movie theme costume party?
Anyone with experience selling uncertified diamonds?
Teenage skin problem HELP!!!!!!!!!!?
I have oily skin on my nose and goes very much shiny. Any idea's to control oily skin. 5 points?
Can't decide what to wear to a Comic Con?
does anyone know any companies that make great custom made wedding dresses?
Are Thomas cowley allowed to wear nail varnish?
simple hairstyles, help me please!?
What should I pair with tomato-patterned shorts and forest green leggings?
how can i get long hair while still using heat on it?
what should men do with their pubic hair?
what is the Best Hydrating undereye concealer/corrector for dark circles?
how do you look after your hair, females with longish hair?
How do I become beautiful if I can't use any make up?
How long for a piercing to close?
Prenatal pills for hair growth?
what kind of men wear briefs?
Do you invest in skin care?
Which colour cardigan should I get?
how long do you hold a straightener to straighten your hair?
How do you dye your hair chestnut with amber highlights at home?
yves rocher vs body shop?
want to change my belly button piercing early?
Calories in this Yam?? Easy 10 points?
How do I get rid of hair stubble?!?!?
Where can i buy the 1 bar of kojie san soap through online purchase with cash on delivery?
Why does my vagina have a dark ring around it after shaving?
how to lock in your tan from a tanning bed?
why do some women love wearing skirt but they don't want guys to look at?
Is it bad I like to dress up a lot?
if my hair is two toned, bleached blonde with bshimmer lights shampoo without it affecting my black hair color?
Ideas for a tattoo symbolizing freedom/courage?
Cool anime costume ideas?
Do you think asian girls have cute noses?
Has anyone tried INVISIBLE ZINC?
Is it possible from hair to naturally change from straight to curly?
Problems with acne, any advice?
Is my tragus infected? Help!?
Does wearing makeup everyday damage the skin?
Would this type of top looks too much going on with this skirt?
if you're wearing braid extensions, how long should you leave it for?
Thoughts about the Calvin Klein eyeshadow?Are they good?
Which dress do you prefer?
How can I get the bold eye brow look?
How to choose my color powder online?
why are briefs unpopular?
How much does Shimmer Lights shampoo cost?
as a tailor on age of wushu can you make any clothes you want?
What Type of Prom Dress would suit me?
hair advice on extensions please :)?
I need boho outfit ideas?
Which makeup should I get?!?
Is this a Northface jacket?
How do I get rid of Under eye circles?
Best eyelash curlers?
Should you use a cleanser twice a day?
Why do all women follow a fixed pattern of applying makeup?
My MAC lipsticks wish list .. should I get them?
how to get beachy wavy hair?
Dark circles under my eyes!!!!!!!!!?
Should I Put Silver Glitter Over My Nails I Painted White?
i feel so ugly how do i feel pretty?
Leg hair easily falls out?
Has anyone ever used cover girl's clump crusher and maybellines define a lash together?
Where can I get this dress? (Lolita)?
My girlfriend wants her nipples pierced, can i go with her?
Edgy indie Youtube fashion gurus?
what do you think of this fashion challenge?
How to persuade mum to let me get a tattoo?
Can i put Live Colour XXL Max Blonde straight onto my previously dyed Brunette hair?
Small Boobs VS Big Boobs?
what kind of bangs should i get?
Who is your favorite YouTube beauty guru?
is the Moroccan oil restorative mask for hair worth the money?
Isit good to wash hair with johnsons baby shampoo?
Isit good to wash hair with johnsons baby shampoo?
skinny jeans hurts groin, am i wearing them correctly?
What hair products should I use to get my hair looking like this?
what type of shirt would look good wit jeans some boots nd a black and white stripped blazer?
should I do some modeling?
Girls, Do you think too many guys wear Aqua Di Gio cologne?
I want to change my look but not completely, need ideas for changes that will suit me?
Has anyone else with dark hair going grey found any daily hair dressing or leave-in conditiiner that hides the?
Physically, do I look older or younger than the mediocre person who just turned 25?
Is this a Northface jacket?
When will my belly piercing stop pussing?
how to have longer hair in a short period of time?
Are scars on a girl ugly?
How can I enhance my appearance with hair and clothes?
Laser hair removal or electrolosys?
Need help with prom.?
Need help with prom.?
Transitioning to a more adult style?
I dyed my hair blonde but it came out with some orange. Could i dye my hair again for it become just a light?
Are makeup setting spray worth the investment?
Are low, messy buns damaging to your hair?
Cute outfit for clubbing?? :)?
What size bathing suit should I order?
Why does my hair color change when i get older?
is it noticable that im a albino?
Curly Hair Girls - Any good products for my curls?
How do I learn to love my legs?
Questions on venom bites (scoop/surface tongue piercing)?
What shoes should I wear with a faux leather skater dress and should I wear tights?
Questions on venom bites (surface tongue/scoop piercing)?
Where to buy Marula Oil?
Keeping hair in place?
Is 2013hotpromdresses.com a trustworthy website to buy from?
mother daughter clothing?
Do catalog print models for ads and clothing magazines make enough money for bills?
How do I get rid of spots in my upper lip?
I want to get a forehead surgery in the future.?
can my mothers spirit haunt me even though she is still alive?
Should I bleach my ends to create an ombre look?
anyone with dark skin that has had successful tattoo removal?
Would You Get This Purse In Black Or Taupe?
What is holly hagans tattoo on her top of her back?
removing faded black dye?
Tips for my extensions?
mens side part hair cut in vegas?
I'm getting my bellybutton pierced next Friday... Advice>?
Is it okay that I don't wash and brush my hair every day?
I hand washed my Merino Wool sweater and it shrunk. What can I do to get it back to original size?
Hairs are falling in my corners like w shape?
What different alternative styles are there?
i need to know latest fashion trends .. ??
How can I fix my cracked finger tips?
Does this outfit look stumpy on me (refering the shoes with the skirt)?
Will cosmetic surgery is better way to look good?
can tight clothing affect your body shape?
What websites sell really good bikinis for 15year olds, CHEAP!?
Could u name some mascaras that help eyelashes GROW?
can i get this print on a tshirt somewhere?
Rate my clothing brands from 1-10?
Symbols for something constantly recreating itself?
What colour shoes with green pants and red top? Female!?
Do I Look Good in Jeans/Flip-Flops (Girls Answer Please)?
I need help with this piercing? Cartilage?
What can I do to stimulate hair growth?
Can anyone tell me tagline , strength , weakness of dove shampoo ?
Is there anything wrong with a boy having painted toenails?
what goes with this, opinions please.?
I am getting moles on face and hands?
Girls do guys feel/admire your legs more when you wear nylons like pantyhose/stockings?
Rate my clothing brands 1-10?
remedies/foods to help my hair grow faster?
Do eyelash growing mascaras really work ?!?
Why do really pretty women have this constant look of disinterest on their face?
New piercings, I want a new one?
Trying to get my hair blue black...?
Looking for a men's watch that looks similar to this!?
What exactly IS dressing ghetto?
HeadKandy extensions question?
Having a bath with dyed hair?
What is debenhams returns policy on sale items?
BEST MATT PALLET FOR EVERY DAY USE?
What hair straighteners and products would you recommend to keep hair straight all day?
body hair removal , easy non messy and cheap ?
Thoughts on this wallet??
Which dress should I choose?
How come when I put foundation on it never shows up and always makes my skin look flakey or orange?
How do I apply mousse on my hair (Guy)?
Trying to get my hair dyed blue - black semi permanent but...?
Will my heat damaged hair grow back?
Why does my belly button smell like my butt?
What to wear tomorrow...party?
Are tomboys considered more intelligent than girly girls?
Hair ?? help ??? ASAp?
Can men use women's shower gels or body washes?
Do you straighten your hair the night before you go out?
what's the best hair bleaching kit?
Why do people hate body hair?
I dyed my hair a about a week ago,can I dye it today again!?!?
Cute tank tops? Please help(10 points and 5stars)?
What will match with this?
Do you think a girl with small boobs is less attractive than a girl with medium size boobs ?
How come i have no cleavage with bras?
Hey, you said you used to be a makeup artist? At Mac? Also, why did you leave?
where can i get a studded denim jacket ? (online shop)?
Could I wear a white floral dress to a wedding?
Prom dress crisis?please help!!!!!?
Beauty poll: What do you believe in?
What hair cut should I get for 2014?
I am a guy.which type of bra I wear daily.bra size and detail please?
How many hours should I use it?
Which boots looks better with this skirt?
How to remove Pimples from face ?
Need home remedies to help lighten my black hair?
are laugh lines ugly?
Body language of a ladies man?
What colors can I dye my hair without bleaching it?
What colors can I dye my hair without bleaching it?
Pantyhose power is it real?
What do you guys think about this wallet (pics)?!?
Is it a good idea to get an industrial piercing?
I hate my body so much !!?
Nose piercing bump, what should I do?
How do i ask and make my mum agree to me shopping online?
How do i ask and make my mum agree to me shopping online?
Why panties?Why pantyhose?That lingerie!?
Will applying mascara daily stunt eyelash hair growth?
what are knit leggings?
Slicked back hairstyle for thick medium hair!!?
I used oxblood polish on brown shoes. How can I get them brown again?
Don't you hate when your makeup in the store looks good and when you get home it looks terrible?
best urban decay pallet 1,2, or 3?
NEED OUTFIT HELP PLZ!?
Do men's anti-grey products darken hair that is not grey?
I HAVE OILY SKIN,ACNE AND I'M BROWN I WANT TO BE FAIR AND I WANT A SPOTLESS SKIN.?
What should someone of there late 30s wear ?
Are the 80s back or what? Boy bands, neon clothes, Cuddleuppets! What's going on here?
was pantene sold as a high end shampoo before it became a drugstore shampoo?
Cream after Peeling for Tattoo?
What is cellular gum found in skin care products. My friend bought a toner which has this as the ingredient.?
is this an unhealthy breakfast/lunch?
Dry hair - nothing seems to work!?
What happened to Joan Van Ark?
what sucks up more makeup--brushes or latex sponges?
How light does my hair need to be bleached in order to use a toner?
Do you still wear nylons, even during summer?
Tanning Oil: Should I used Banana Boat or Hawaiian Tropic?
What are good quality cruelty free makeup brands?
Any guy wear bra.I want to wear it.what you say?
What can cause small bumps on baby's skin?
Where can I find this keychain online ?
How long should I wait before I stretch my ear again ?
How to be Popular in High School?
will straightening your hair in any way ruin curls?
How to get my Fringe/Bangs like this?
Why is my hair like this??? can it be changed??
Do girls love guys with muscular arms?
How should I wear my hair?
I plucked one of my eyebrows too much!?
A simple way to make pink lips?
What body shape am I? (Measurements included)?
What to wear to a concert?
What are the best inexpensive make up primers?
I got a perm and it resulted to hair loss. What's the best thing for me to do?
Which colour would suit my hair if I dyed it?
where is the good collection of bikinis in online web stores?
Is 50 Grams enough for 1 out of 3 bundles of hair extensions (the top bundle)? & Am I layering right?
is my nose piercing infected?
what is this ottoman clothing called and where can i purchase one similar or the same as this?
i have pure silk saree in red color dyed can it be dyed again in electric blue color from market?
does a white shirt match with a light brown jumper and black pants?
Urban Decay Naked 3 palette?
i bought a new orange colour canvas shoes.....now iam confused with wat colour dress does it goes well.?
Which girl is prettier?
HOttopic pullover size?
I have done face bleach. Hair on my face changed into brown and it looks odd now. How to get rid off that ?
How do I get rid of bags under my eyes? I'm only 18!?
dying my hair with food colouring?
How can I stop my face going red?
Which is best beauty parlour for ladies in panipat India?
how do i impress a girl who has refused my proposal to be my gf?
Any guy wear sports bra.I want to wear it.can public accept it?
Creme eyeliner or pencil for daily basics?
where in southern california can i go to pay to copy a hairstyle?
What kind of model could I be?
Hot Topic Hot Cash January 2014?
What shoes to wear with these leggings?
How to keep curly hair moisturized??
What Type Of Nails Should i Get?
I have a mild sebum buildup on my scalp and my hair is oily.?
How can I reduce breast size almost to disappear without getting body hair and without any type of surgery?
Should i have Fringe or no Fringe?
Important question about tattoo inks and allergies?
I wanna get fair skin very badly please help!?
Best fairness cream in india?
Tattoo outline darker than inside color.?
Should I get Shellac or Bio Sculpture done?
Earring stuck in ear?
How can my girlfriend grow her female mustache naturally hairy?
Hi am shashank, 21years. my lips always gets dry and turns into black colour if vaseline not applied.? Please?
Looking for hottopic promo codes?
please mention some right products for my hair.?
would this medium length hairstyle cost too much to copy?
Should i buy this purse from a magazine that the state of CA says it has a chemical on it that causes cancer ?
What should a 13 year old guy wear to school to look hot?
what do you think of my appearence?
what will happen if i wear a clown outfit to a job interview?
What should I do with my tattoo aftercare.?
i have dark cement color texedo and planning to wear lavender satin shirt i am confussed which color bow to?
Any advice on hair coloring?
Do eyelashes grow back?
if I loose weight will stretch marks go away / fade or whats the best stuff to use to make them fade?
10 easy points! Do you like these 2 dresses?
which color is the best looking of these heels?
What Do You Think Of This Tattoo Idea?
Does Maybelline Baby Lips Moisturizing Lip Balm plump lips?
Cheap online clothing shop that have free international shipping?
i have a weird question?
Hiding a nose peircing?
how do i ask for a scene haircut :0?
How can i get a tan over night?
Gunna dye my hair; need help choosing a colour that suits me?
Tattoo ideas for my new born?
Tattoo Gone Wrong? (pics included)?
Growth on tragus piercing?
Any really good hair products that eliminate frizz?
Really bad tattoo need help ASAP?
Head burning from..........???
Hiding a nose peircing ?
Ariana Grande or Selena Gomez - who looks better without makeup?
i got my belly pierced today (8 hours ago) and its crooked?
where does kylie jenner shop her clothes?
is my belly peircing infected?
I can't stand my hair. Please help?
What does this tattoo quote say on ribs?
where to get leggings with a dress in new delhi?
Question about hair parting?
I want a tattoo so baddddddd! Help me???(:?
Infected ear piercing? Been to the doctors ad everything...?
How much extra would it cost to get my hair curled?
what would be the best jean size for my brother?
Can white people grow jerry curls?
kfashion/Asian fashion sites that have a share button for tumblr?
How do you deal with being ugly? Please help?
Which name is best for a nailpolish product?
regards to wearing a belt on jeans?
Poem quote as a tattoo.?
women do you like these leather boots?
Semi-intimate tattoo on a female, questions & comments?
Fashion help needed fast?
What would you think walking into a beauty salon, if it had everything beauty related inside? PLEASE READ?
I have hair all over my body?
I need new shoes for my dandee dolls where can I get them?
Am I goth or something :(?
belly vs tongue piercing?
Where can I find men's stretchy skinny jeans?
Fastest Way To Grow Hair??!!?
How long after getting a tattoo can i get another tattoo to cover it up?
Help!what size hollister jeans should i get?
Any ideas for haircuts?answer for a answer!?
Do you think I'm crazy for spending $165 on hand cream? Would you?
Is it bad to leave in Hair Chemist Coconut Oil Deep Repair Masque in overnight?
What jobs are available for people covered in tattoos?
Need help with sizing info !?
Makeup and hairstyle that will make him say \wow\? 10 points to quickest and best answer!!?
Ingrown hair help ! ASAP !!!!!!?
Really curly hair extensions won't stay straight?
Why is my hair like this?
What size of beauty case is enough to store your beauty products?
where can I find fake glasses?
How long to wait after a relaxer to get Senegalese twists?
Do I have Trichotillomania?
Splat hair dye is still in my hair after 4 months !!How do I get it out ?
Which would be better to get tattooed?
what color should i paint my nails?
Any guys wear sports bra.I want to wear it.can public accept it.any one weae it.?
H2Ocean on Rook piercing?
how to clean white vans?
Does anyone know of a jean brand that has spandex/stretch in them for men (Similar to buffalo jeans)?
Does perfume go \off\?
How to get lighter skin?
How do I curl my hair?
is it ok to make corduroy pants a ripped jeans?
Good makeup, cheap prices?
Who is the man behind converse?
What color are my eyes?
Does anyone have \Jeffrey Campbell The As If Sneaker\?
how to become a body piercer?
Has anyone ordered from http://www.tiffanyoutletofficial2014.com/?
How many times a week should i wash my hair?
HELP should I curl my hair?
remedy for blackheads..?
How should I do my makeup?
What Goes Best With A Light Grey Crew Neck (Hoodie) ?
How long will this take?
Hair turning grey at 20?
I have back acne...wat can i do??
Torrid haute cash January 2014?
If I got dreads how long would they be?
How to get permanent straight hair? Without having a flat iron? If flatiron needs to be involved please commen?
What do you think about this faux fur duffle bag?
What are the worst hair dye brands to use...!?!?
How to get my hair to stop smelling burned?
Does synthetic human hair on mannequins tangle to the point it is hard to braid?
Teenage beauty essentials?
i am going to visit a hotel for school and we have to dress professionally...what should i wear?
Would this look good together?
When do bathing suit start selling in stores?
Redness in cheek-nose area?
How do you get rid of stretch marks?
Can I lighten my eyebrows with the bleach I used to go blonde?
Serious help needed with makeup?
I have natural red hair&i want to dye it bright red like Ariana Grande's hair color.?
I have natural red hair&i want to dye it bright red like Ariana Grande's hair color.?
Is it too early to wear coral?
My forehead is too long... Help!?
I bleached the bottom of my hair and I didnt like itt Is it a bad iddea if I dye it all black this weekend ?
wat shoud i do with my hair?
Redness on cheek-nose area?
Female Tattoo placement?
Learning about different dress styles?
Does hair dye work better on dirty or clean hair?
Hair styling help? Haircut professional?
Waist shaper .. best online?
How to describe my fictional characters hair?
Cutting my own bangs for the first time, any tips?
Can I take my cartilage piercing out?
what youth size in sneakers will fit a womens 10 or 11 foot?
can i peirce my rook by myself?
Do you think 5'6\ is REALLY tall for a girl?
where can i find 'Justin Vintage Buffalo Stampede Cowgirl Boots - Snip Toe' size 7s?
Curl or straighten my hair?
is it weird that when i wear my beanie i dont wear it fully like over my ears?
Fine lines under eyes? Help?!?
how to have a nice long and thick hair?
whats the latest haircut / hairstyle for women ?
Combat Boot Damage?! HELP!?
How can I take freshly pierced stud earrings out and replace them with spacers or a retainer?
Lip piercing, but thin lips?
How to better hold hair color (pink)?
Brown hair dye that will completely wash out?
What's a good everyday oil that can be used for your face and body?
Do any guys dislike long inner lips?
The features of one side of my face is larger than the other?
real or fake coach wallet?
Hey girls, do you think I'm attractive?
how do beauty girls do thier youtube videos? ?
yoga pants + knee high boots + sports jacket look okay?
What should I wear with these booties?
Shampoo that won't strip away the oils from my hair?
MAKE UP HELP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!?
Does anybody know where I Can find a hoodie like this?
Are both my ears healed?
Any girl can tell me what they do to have a small waist please ?
What should I wear tomorrow?
what should i wear with all bule nikes?
Is a Kurt Cobain clothes style a good look for a 21 year old?
ok this kinda embarrassing but i really need help?
Easy and fast ways to put my hair up?
I accidentally spilled nail polish remover on hand and now it is all try and a little red.?
Would this look ok? A grey thin cardigan with a pink scarf blue jeans and black shirt & black flats wit studs?
what color shirt should i wear with brown khakis and brown boots?
how to not have buyers remorse anymore?
Where can I find holographic clothes (preferably skirts or dresses) at decent prices?
I want my hair to look more natural and more longer?
please help me with this!?
Fixing dress pattern that doesn't match at seams?
would i look cool wearing these?
HOW TO TELL IF SHOES ARE TOO SMALL?
which hair color looks best?
used silicone gauges to go from 9/16 to 5/8 right is mega swollen and painful help!!?
Will these items help my skin?
Is soft straight Spanish hair natural?
where to leggings like these. ( link in question)?
How to make my Jeans unique?
which concealer should i buy for acne?
What should I wear with these booties?
what color of shirt should I wear with blue vans?
Girls do you still get your nails done? if so how and what style?
why after doing a tattoo is it swelled and eventually scabs.?
Will I be able to dye my hair lighter within one session? URGENT, please help!?
Bleaching hair a second time, help?!?
How do I get my hair to be thin?
What hair style would look good on me?
How can I make my face look better?
Is it worth buying a loose 1.33 carat diamond for $6000?
What to wear for photos I'm sending to modeling agencies?
Wearing Camo as fashion?
what color shirt would look good with this scarf?
Will sneaker wedges still be in this spring/summer?
What to wear under a grey v neck sweater?
Where can I get my watch professionally cleaned?
Do Nuns wear the same outfit or do they have multiple outfits of the same thing!?
where to get leggings like these. please help?
How to cancel an order on Forever 21?
Septum piercing prices?
Can guy wear sports bra.have any experience.I want to wear bra?
Help! Hair problem!!?
belly button piercing?
My eyes are so uneven?
which handbag is better looking of these two?
How to get my hair this color?
What do I wear to this wedding ? 17 y/o girl?
is my stretched ear infection?
What brand of colored contacts does Isabelle Stromberg wear?
Do people really wear heavy eye makeup?
where to get Harem (Korean Style pants) without paying 30 dollars for shipping?
can you recommend a hair cut for me?
When will we have 3D Printing Clothing?
What are your favorite makeup products?
Lets swap clothes this second what would i end up wearing?
I want a tattoo in Arabic?
a haircut for chubby/round face?
Please help me find this prom dress?
How to make invisible posts?
Covergirl outlast 3 in 1 foundation is it a holy grail product?
Which prom dress looks better?
White or black converse?
Best organic hair dye?
Why do models and other girls make me feel so insecure?
What does one wear with a kilt to a ceilidh.?
Why do models and other girls make me feel so insecure?
is there a real free home remedie that will increase the growth of my boobs?
which tote is better looking?
Are there any tattoos of this?
are laugh lines ugly?
Sewing a lolita dress I need some help?
makeup advice/help please?
Tattoo removal help!?
Does WEN hair shampoo/conditioner work?
IS THERE ANY PERFUME THAT SMELL AS GOOD AS THE OROGOLD BODY MIST?
new suede hat how do i condition, soften and waterproof it?
How to tell if shoes are really too little ?
What to do if a cartridge piercing gets infected?
I want to have a long hair and am a guy?
Glam glow/boscia face mask?
I have been Wondering were my genes come from HELP !!!!?
How to care My Hair ?
How to use eyeliner subtly?
what type of hair cut should get?
i want to be more like cat valintine but i dont know how mainly clothes and makup?
I need help with a shoe problem.?
what make your hair long?
can you wear a dress on a plane?
What to wear in middle school?
Sheinside help please!!!!!?
whats a really good womens deodorant that will actually work for underarm odor?
I'm not like the other girls?
What kind of makeup should a college student wear?
Should I dye my hair dark brown or light blonde?
Best Bath and Body Works Fragrance Mist?
how to get your hair to grow back fast?
How often to wash my hair?
I'm having some problems with my rings?
What should I wear with a black skater dress?
When should I dye my hair?
What's a good foundation for dry skin?
How do you make a rubbing?
Nerd Day Outfits Consisting of a Skater Skirt?
Can I dye my hair blonde then do this?
Do third ear piercings hurt more than the others?
How do i convince my parents to get my tongue web pierced?
Orange Brassy Hair Toner?
How to get rid of genital razor burn overnight?
What shoes go with sherri hill 11110?
Are baguette diamonds less than 1mm in length ok to be unevenly cut?
how can I make my brother look like a girl so he can wear this dress?
Do I need to use both dye and toner?
Women - what is something sexy you like to wear?
Are these converse fake?
FWB and Valentines day ?
Which glasses better suit my features/skin tone?
Help with swearshirts?
what color tie would match with a coral dress shirt?
Where can I order these bracelets?
How is a tattoo priced?
Products that make eyelashes grow?
How bad would a thigh tattoo hurt? Just the front and side?
size hoodie problem can you help me?
I don't feel comfortable in a bikini?
Ladies , in your opinion does size matter?
Can Manic Panic Pastelizer be used on already dyed hair,?
How do you hide a belly piercing?
How many of these should I have in my wardrobe?
Wanting a Tattoo. Help?
Which one vitamins helps with hair growth?
What is a good brand of concealer?
What makeup products do you use each day? TEEN GIRLS ONLY?
Hipster Clothes help?
Torrid Haute Cash 2014 $50 for $25 code?
if I dye my hair a semi permanent will my color come back to normal?
How to grow hair fast ?? Please help?
Labret (lip) piercing, but thin lips?
What material/leather of Dr.Martens should i get?
How do I clean Ugg boots with dried on mud?
What color shoes would look great with this dress?
Necktie fetish or just like the way I look and feel when smartly dressed.?
\Natural Blonde\ dye on bleached hair?
Do girls like guys with big muscles like guys in jersey shore?
how do you help your hair grow?
Why do all bra sizing websites tell me I should be wearing a different bra size? My measurements are 31?
Please help me find these shoes in Australia!?!?!?
Will it work to buy a sister size bikini top?
Best face wash at walmart?
Should I get my nose pierced (photo)?
What should I wear tomorrow?
how to dye ur hair ombre with vinagar?
Foundation reccomendation?
Where can find a cute but cheap white dress?
Will it work to buy a sister size bikini top?
how can i change my looks?
Lines and redness on my face? Wrinkles? What is this reddness? answer fast please :s?
Ways to Make My Eyes Pop With Makeup? Pictures.?
Could a guy wear a Cartier love bracelet?
Should I get my naval pierced?
Basics on getting your first tattoo?
Half of my acrylic nail broke off?
Do you like it when guys wear beanies?
where can a thirteen year old get black leggings?
This happened to my hair? Ten Points!?
I want curly hair really bad , any help ?
Where can I get a cute swimsuit?
Something crazy happened to my hair? (Ten Points!)?
which snake bites look better on me?
What type of style is miley cyrus'?
What tattoo should I get to cover up my scars from self injury?
which handbag is better looking of these two?
easy tips on how to wear stilettos?
Any tips to prevent chipping nail polish?
Torrid January Haute Cash?
Color oops on dyed hair?
I am 5'8..how tall would these shoes make me?
Why are girls with blonde hair and blue eyes more attractive than those without said traits?
Ladies, How do you create this hairstyle?
Where to buy UNpadded/not cupped bras?
how to straighten curly hair without heat overnight?
Hair tutorial please?
would I look good with a medusa piercing?
Would you wear these.........?
How to wear my hair with a hat for work?
Out of the 3 girls, which one has the prettiest face?
How to be \dark\ without piercings or hair dye?
Tattoo idea to memorialize your dad?
Difference Between Thick vs Coarse Hair?
Aha. Again, is it gonna be okay? :))?
Would a nose stud look good on me?
Hair dye expert please!?
6g ears hurting with plugs in?
Tattoo healing process? hair washing etc?
Should i get a shoulder length haircut?
What are some new cute styles for my hair.?
My lip piercing hurts and my lip is swollen, can i use bonjela teething gel (baby) to make it feel better?
guys at school think i'm ugly?
I'm 14 and I have quite saggy breasts.?
My second lobe piercing is not healed after 3 months?
Are these Air Jordan XI Gamma Blue real ?
swimming with new tattoo help!!!?
Hollywood themed clothes, girl opinions please?
Shipping question...........?
Hot topic hot cash January 2014?
Why am I so tall for my age?
How can i change my look to look older and cuter?
CAN SOMEONE PLEASE PHOTOSHOP THIS PIC FOR ME??!?
Tattoo help? Need opinions.?
i wanna learn how to do make up?
Can you dance in a saree/lengha?
How can i change my look to look older and cuter?
How can i change my look to look older and cuter?
Where to get a saree like this?
wearing my hair natural?
What kind if suits did men wear in the 1920s?
Please help me find this coat?
punnett square for a women curly hair and a man striaght hair. the outcomes for children?
Law interview what to wear help please?
Some people say I look older than my age?
I started my dreadlock journey with beeswax and two strand twist. how long will they take to lock?
Whats the point of skincare and getting a glow if you cover it with makeup?
Every time I como out of the shower 4-6 hair como out of my head is that normal?
How to get hair from purple/blue to light brown?
Embroidered polos! Need your opinion!?
What does contouring in \makeup terms\ mean?
What kind of glasses should I get?
13 and I want a tounge piercing ?
Hair flicking up at the ends!! Help!!?
Whats the best way to curl ur hair with out heat.?
How to get my hair like Kurt Cobain?
Does my hair have split ends? Pic inside?
What sneakers does Chance the Rapper have in this video?
Can I use 7 month old hair dye?
Cartilage piercing aftercare - my ears are sensitive!?
Girls do you ever intentionally make your bra straps looser so that it's more comfortable to wear?
Is this top work appropriate?
I'm scared to dress the way I want help?
Is it okay for tween/teen girls to own a Louis Vuitton handbag?
What are some wardrobe items every teen girl should have regardless of style?
Hollywood themed costume ideas?
If something is already on sale is there a chance the price will drop more?
Help with bleaching thick black virgin hair?
New clothes ideas for boy?
Are ralph lauren boots slip resistant?
Where is a good store to buy a prom dress?
Any makeup tricks to make eyes look rounder?
Hair problems help :(?
Can you shrink a 60% cotton 40% modal shirt down 2 sizes?
GIRLS/WOMEN Will this duffel bag be a good option for a 3 week summer road trip to take all of this stuff?
Black or White hightop converse?!?
What can i do about my dandruff?
How do I make my eyes look brighter there green without using eye shadow and any useful make up tips?
thinking about getting my belly button pierced?
Anyone know why right side of my face is skinner than my left?
Black converse or gray converse?
What is the Hot topic 75 dollars off 150 cash code for Jan 2014?
Are the H&M in store prices the same as online?
Can a base seal be used as a topcoat when painting your nails?
What is my face shape?
What should I wear to the ball?
Outfit ideas for bar/club?
Do any stores sell msfts clothing in store?
where can you get cheap cute uniform pants for a skinny middle schooler?
will an indented red mark from a zit always leave a scar?
Grow hair really fast?
Prom shoes. Help! Where can I find this?
does this sound like a good quote for a tattoo?
Is 5'6 considered tall for a teenage girl?
My eyes look all over the place in pictures :(?
Hi, so i pierced my bottom side lip with a earing two days ago, is it safe?
YouTube beauty channels?
Honest opinion on my weight?
Does the helix piercing hurt?
Sephora birthday gift question?
What's your opinion? Should I get bangs?
i don't wear makeup. do people find that weird?
Where can i find this sweatshirt?
My lip is swelling up?
Every time I dye my hair darker, it ends up being lighter?
What does it mean when somebody asks for the circuit of the boots when ordering online? How do I do this?
how can i get my scars to go away?
What do you think of this unique necklace?
Where can I get Doc Martens look-alikes?
Girls, can you help me?
Would this Suit, Shirt & Tie Combo look good?
Will my natural hair ( brown ) ever grow back if I bleach the end?
Can I work in another state after graduation cosmetology school?
Oxford vs Converse shoes size.?
is this bra to small on her?
Dying my curly hair from natural black to light brown?
Am I just overthinking this too much?
Why did elizabethan people wear masks to a masquerade?
How to curl your hair with the wand?
has your hair stylist ever gave you a massage?
how to make your eyelashes grow?
If I dye my hair over the summer, could I dye it back to my natural color in September?
Ladies: Would this ruin your attraction to a guy?
Multiple ear piercings?
Would I look good with a tan?
I have a few questions about prom?
Unique Piercing Ideas?
Black or Brown......?
What haircut it good to wear extensions with?
which purse is better looking of these two?
Girls, which hairstyle would you find attractive on a guy?
Flower Tattoo for guy?
Stretch ears from 3mm to 4mm easily? Help please!?
Anyone tried Bombay hair extensions?
How do they get enough hair to make weaves?
What colors in Naked 3 go good together?
what type of prom dress for big hips?
How to save up a large amount of money quickly?
What colour should I dye my hair?
what to wear with a black dress (cold outside)?
No-shampoo (no-poo) problems!!!!?
okay so im at a 1/2 in my ears and can comfortably fit a 9/16 inch and i wanna go to an 5/8 inch. Help ??????
Should I dress up for my birthday?
how long do i leave clairol jazzing in my hair?
Does anyone know where I can find this shirt?
Haircuts that makes me look older?
which lip plumper is better?
How should i have my hair and make-up for my birthday?
Are Vostock watches good?
hello gorgeous or bellami?
How to make a circle skirt?
Girls: How do you feel about guys wearing basketball shorts?
can I dye blonde hair extensions black?
a job in modeling for male?
Where can I get a dress that looks like this?
Is it possible to grow thick hair very fast?
what's the exact green used for murdoc's skin?
What does it mean if people say I look older than I actually am?
Do I look okay with my hair up?
What was your most painful ear piercing?
What could I wear this skirt with?
Where To Buy Some Retro 5 Firereds And Oreos ?!?
Any one know photo shop apps that make people look naked?
Stretched Ears Please Help?
What can I wear with these high heels?
Girls only - do you wear shorts under your skirts and dresses?
Hei i m a north indian n hav to go to Chennai for job. what shud i do so my skin tone does not tan ?
how long does it take for a strong smelling hair oil to stop smelling after applied?
Please please please help somebody who knows about skin and why this is happening ?
Gaining quality viewers for a new beauty and lifestyle blog?
Can you do this or will it stop the growing?
My maternal grandfather is bald, am I guaranteed to lose my hair too?
Persuading my dad for a piercing?
What color are my eyes? (picture included)?
Women and men's eyeglass frames?
how to get rid of unibrow stubble?
If my ears were pierced with an 18g, can I stretch to a 14g, and still have them shrink back to an 18?
What should I expect? First tattoo?
What photo is best? Opinions/Advice Please!?
Can I take painkillers before getting my first tattoo on my thigh?
Can you wear a henley over button down?
i smashed my iPad 2!!?
i got my cartilage pierced 4 days ago it was fine until today,is this normal to feel pain after so long?
Does waterproofing finishes (clothing) affect the environment?
Clip in Human hair extensions? What's the best?
How to look good at school when you have a uniform?
Long hair don't know what do with it when it's straight :/?
What hairstyle suits me?
Where should I shop for my winter formal dress?
How to remove henna stains from nails in a day?
Which hair color looks best on me? (pictures)?
thinning, long baby hair how to FIX?
How can I get my hair to look like anakin skywalker from episode 3 with medium size hair? I just like his hair?
Anyone own Teva Jetter slide sandals?
stila in the light palette?
Would you say this T-Shirt is unisex/male?
start my own fashion blog?
need some fashion advice?
Ladies: natural boobs or implants?
help i have a unibrow?
Where Can I Find This Jacket?
Girls only - do you wear shorts under your skirts and dresses?
Creams/remedies for dry/ oily skin?
Do my hair extensions look real?
How to look cool? How to get more friends?
Where can I get no flared plugs?
What's the best thing to use to get rid of spilt ends and dry hair?
Do they look rich, poor or average?
What Panty size should I order from Aerie?
What is a good hair oil for your hair?
Boutiques in St. Louis?
how to use osmocomplex melawhite cream ?
Revlon or Bourjois for makeup?
What kind of style should I try out?
What size underwear from Aerie should I purchase?
What course should I take: Makeup artistry or manicurist/pedicurist?
How to dye you hair grey?
how many pairs of trousers/ pants should a man own?
what can i get in the background of my 'Family\ Tattoo?
Do you think I was wrong with my views on beauty?
How to find a buyer in the UK for imported designer clothing?
What's my body shape?
I look stoned cause of the dark veins under my eyes !!! how do i stop/make them less vissible ?
Dye my \red\ hair with kool aid?
How can i cover my dark knees with makeup?? Help! My birthday party is tomorrow!!!?
Would this bag be big?
Loreal true match foundation and powder?
cosmetologist help please?
Girls, what do you think of me?
Guess vs DKNY watch (pics included) which one?
Is there a way to see what I would look like if I died my hair?
What way to style my hair?
HELP NEEDED?! ?? ill answer yours:)?
Problem with won action on ebay?
Im really insecure about my body, any advice to help?
Are multiple piercings on the ear haraam?
Buying a mannequin PS-G3??
What are tattoo patterns? Little cute ones?
Tough everyday watch?
How to curl hair without heat?
Where should I put this tattoo?
What color should I dye my hair?
My eyes make me look stoned ?????? how do i stop this ????!!!?
What are good brands of shampoo, conditioners for hair that helps keep it healthy? Products to help it grow?
Curly hair help!!!!!?
Is my nose big, be honest?
Where can i sell my prom dress in the chicago land area?
What's your view on giving a girl a punishment haircut?
Is there anyway that i can make a dark lipstick appear lighter?
This girls said this to me?
Buying Toms for my girlfriend?
What does this tattoo mean?
Is ombre hair out of style?
Vans Or Nike Blazers?
Color Oops on my dyed hair?
Do you have a nice boobs shirt?
Hairstyles to make my hair look thicker?
Veins under my eyes make me look stoned :( !!!!!!!! help plzzzz///i have a pic?
How long do it take biotin to.........?
What shade foundation should I get in Mac?
I'm 5'1ft, will I grow taller?
what skinny jeans fit best with larger butt and hips?
What neckline is this?
What's my face shape?!?
Jeans with Flip Flops VS Shorts with Sneakers?
Which makeup brand is better Manhattan or Revlon?
What are the most famous 'premium' skincare brands for men?
How to wear a white shirt with harry styles picture on it?
Any colour natural hair?
Multiple ear piercings?
Why wont my mom let me dye my hair red ? Or bleach my hair?
Are there ever any positions for SHORT male models?
Why don't men use body lotion?
Can my dad do anything if I get my nose pierced?
Has anyone tried the L'Oréal 15 Second Miracle Cleansing Oil?
Do you think I should change my hairstyle?
Dyed hair twice and now its gone darker than before?
What color should i dye my hair?
can kissing change the way your lips are shaped? like can it make them puffy or anything?
how can i make my hair un greasy for a week?
where can i find this dress?
Opinions on hoop earrings?
best color flats to go with a shhort jean skirt?
girls what do you think about guys with both ears pirced n what are the best earring for him to wear?
When should i get a bra?
Products for passing Drug Hair Follicle Test?
Question about my bangs?
how to know if your pretty or ugly without asking someone?
I've got dark black hair?
Wearing very natural coloured contacts whilst out? best answer 10 points?
Does touching your hair a lot make it oily?
how to. get rid of freckles?
Girls Only,what would you do if your boyfriend had chubby cheeks?
Can you dye red jeans black?
Face shape, best hair style?
how to die hair naturally?
how to die hair naturally?
what is a nice smelling perfume that I can buy in the UK?
What would be a good formal dress?
Whats the difference between Coverup, Concealer, and foundation?
where in olympia washington can i get a lip piercing at 14 years old?
What should I wear to Prom/Debs?
Is it okay to get my tongue pierced?
Where can i find Hair Extensions for under $10.00?
Question/conversation, teen guys?
Does lime green, grey & black match?
Rapid Brow? Grow your eyebrows?
Are these good vitamins for hair? Growing it out?
How do you get rid of redness, itchiness and bumps after eyebrow waxing?
Looking for the best pair of leggings and stilettos to go with my latest tank top.?
Help! warm or cool skin tone?
Tanned skin vs Pale skin vs Dark skin?
can i use just toner on my hair, without using developer or will nothing happen?
Good moisturiser/tinted moisturiser for really dry skin?
do u like my sunglasses ?
How to get your facial hair thicker?
Gel nail falling off?
Do you have to be skinny to wear a bustier top?
Why are my nipples always hard and sore?
How to be a dresser????
Yearbook photos ideas?
How will spring fashion 2014 look like?
Should you wash your hair twice?
What is the best website I can shop boho for very cheap?
Does Louis Vuitton charge sales tax in Dallas?
what should i do about my breast reduction?any tips?
how do I go from red to dark brown?
Why has my hair stopped growing?
How can I get bouncy hair? (without a round brush)?
can i get this job and keep my piercings?
How long after getting my tongue pierced can I change the bar?
Gilly hicks order hasn't arrived?
Whats good makeup products?
How to care for an infected tragus piercing?
When can I take my belly ring out?
What colour knee high socks should I wear?
Best conditioner for silky hair?
Just curious girls,I see a lot of you with long bright shiny nails.How do you all keep them looking so perfect?
Can I wear wet n wilds nail color blue visionary in the winter?
Can I wear wet n wilds nail color blue visionary in the winter?
what colour will me hair go?
How to get silky hair?
Is makeup lasting spray full of chemical?? If I use it everyday will this make my skin worse?
How should i dress for the first appointment?
How do i know what stone is in my neclace?
i bleached my hair and im not supposed to dye it for five more months?
I dyed my hair blue and it turned grey?!?
What stores can you buy military jackets?
Bleach my hair after bleaching it?
I want to do make up on corpses?
Do vegans wear responsibly sourced woollen footwear?
Almost 18 and can only grow a beard in certain places?
Mhmh are these good? Or a waste of money?
can i use veet hair removal cream as shaving cream?
How can I get my hair thicker?
advice on growing your hair longer?
which hair dye colour is a very light brown?
How much would this tattoo cost?
advice on growing your hair longer?
Removing the earring with infection?
Hunter Boots - storage life?
Is wearing turtleneck sweater alone OK?
Is it wrong to use BareMinerals Foundation Powder everyday?
Should I get a pixie cut?
Are Over The Knee High Long Socks unisex?
Men's Light Up Basketball Shoes?
Please HELP! need an ans quick!?
What do you call a fashion style using formal wear with gold neckpieces, large golden necklaces?
When are high heels appropriate?
How should I sit in a skirt/dress as I am very tomboyish?
I m going bald,will she love me or not?
Question about pantene smooth and sleek light?
ANSWER THIS IMMEDIATELY!!!?
Ran out of eyeliner and my mom won't take me to the store to get a new one. What would you do?
How to keep lattice cardy uggs from pilling?
about what gauge is a safety pin?
Is it bad to shave eyebrows?
Ladies, What is your greatest insecurity with respect to clothing?
Where can you find a personalized name sterling silver bracelet?
If newly pierced lobes get infected, what can I do? 10 pts?
ok so im 14 years old and i havent got armpit hair , when will it start growing and what will be some signs?
Good cheap makeup brands?
What are the Torrid Haute Cash codes for January 2014?
how to be model in ATL?
How to I clean jewellery with both silver and jade?
Anyone know the promo codes for Hot Topic's upcoming Hot Cash?
Do you think hats cause baldness? Explain?
Which haircut will suit my face and hair?
How to get rid of dark circles?
I want hair transplant affordable?
Can any guy wear bra or sports bra?
Which tracksuit to buy, Woolen or Regular?
Solid Colors.. Grey Leggings..?
Tattoo Suggestions...?
Has anyone heard of a brand of clothes called \POLOLOGIN\ ?
how to get started in beauty pageants at 21 years old.?
I want to make my hair light brown/golden? How?
Why are thigh gaps so popular?
Tattoo ideas and opinions?
Why did my hair turn pink from red?
is this hair length too long for a guy ?
How do you get Elmer's glue out of My Little Pony hair?
Which is better gillete proglide sensitive shave gel vs nivea sensitive shave gel?
I dont like my hair but i payed alot to get it done?
what produvts are good for african american hair?
How can I stop my scalp from itching? Some time I itch so much my hair starts to fall out?
Dress shirt shrunk a bit?
Is it considered 'gay' for a man to wear prada glasses?
How to get my waves back?
Is my Urban Decay Naked palette fake?
How can I get the swelling to go down on my rook piercing?
How do i get rid of the spots on my upper lip?
My CC cream take too long to absorb?
Is track pants thin or thick?
Anyboy knows how to get metallic look?
hi girls,can someone give me any good advice. i got a prom next month and a guy asked me to the prom.?
I accidently sprayed lysol in my hair...?
Do I look better with short or long hair and which makes me look older (male, pics)?
I'm sick, and my guy friend is coming over. What to wear?
Keep your hair straight overnight without wrapping?
I want to start over with my hair (shave it all), but I don't want to appear bald.?
Do bangs make small noses look bigger?
Hair too dark, How to lighten?
Fashion help please.?
How to get a mohawk with cornrows that falls to the sides,?
Going to Prom: What color/s match the color Tangerine?
Opinion on lower back tattooing on a female?
How to get rid of frizzy hair after straightening it?
Nose piercing question? Help please?
Does maca root cause hair loss?!?
Hot topic promo codes wanted?
can someone tell me the name of this hair products brand?
Buy a wig or just use color hairspray?
Is it normal that I worry about my BMI, % body fat, if I am close to an hourglass figure, how good my hair is?
Am I doing everything right?
Can you believe it?????????
Are these vitamins healthy towards the body & hair?
I'm transitioning to natural hair?
What do you guys think of this bag?
Any tattoo ideas,? From me to mum?
Convince my mom I'm sick?
Does applying apple cider vinegar on your underarms help brighten them up?
if i am a size 8-8.5 could i get size 8 dr marten shoes?
Would it be safe to get a tattoo on my penis?
can somebody good with hair please help me x?
Can I dye a lilac cardigan orange?
I want a different Showerhead?
can i wear nude sheer pantyhose with a short dress?
How to tell if it's Real Or Fake?
Which of these pairs of glasses look better?
Why are girls so mean and always competing?
Check out what your favourite Bollywood stars wore at the screen awards.?
Is it normal for a 13 years old boy to have a tattoo and an ear ring ?
Jeans with Flip Flops VS Shorts with Sneakers?
what is the fast natural way to remove freckles?
how can I find out what kind of stone is in my ring\?
Can you tell me what size am I?
does nioxin shampoo and scalp revitaliser help my hair grow?
i lost my skin colour using odomos is there any possibilities to regain my fair complexion?
How to look anorexic without being anorexic?
Favorite Product for Autratian?
How should I sit in a skirt/dress as I am very tomboyish?
Information on Womans Jeans Sizes?
Pls help! Tell me more about jeans!?
suggest me a oil which can really stop hair fall and helps in growing hair for men?
Luke warm oils helps to hair growth .?
Sammydress? Is it worth it to buy clothes from this site? Is the quality etc worth it?
Why are some girls rude all the time?
is my belly ring infected?
Should I get this tattoo? SHORT please answer?
i want to get my belly pierced, can i get it done through scarred tissue?
Where can I buy this aftershave? UK?
Ear stretching! HELP!?
Cheek piercings too tight?
Knock off handbags online or in Houston?
Peeling tongue is this normal?!?
which shoes plz help me pick <3?
Please suggest a name for herbal hair oil?
My hair has lots of volume and I want side sweep bangs?
fake nails or real nails ?
Is my nose piercing swelling abnormal?
Why the color tone of some part different.?
How could i try on heels o girl sandals? girl answers only please!?
How could i try on heels o girl sandals? girl answers only please!?
Could I pull off dirty blonde hair? *pics included*?
Does sheer cover work as good as they say?
How to clean shave down below (if you get me GIRLS)?
Why do some girls wear shorts under their skirts and dresses?
Dry black lips that peels off......?
Do you think Audrey Hepburn had unattractive eyes?
What kind of earring do men get at Clair's?
wanted to know about keeping open hair?
Where can I buy Proactiv Products?? 10 pts?
Can you pierce your inner wrist?
how to use nivea shower cream?
Do hairdressers have the risk of getting infection when they cut others hair?
Want to upgrade my makeup. Help please?
What is this jewellery made of?
I can't comb my hair.?
need a outfit to wear?
Want to have hairstyle like Ranbir kappor. how plz help?
i want to take out my lip ring?
How to grow long hair fast?
Has anyone used Dirty Looks/ Head Kandy extensions?
How to turn curly hair into wavy hair?
which top looks the best?please help me pick one?
Bra and bikini for 24 year straight guy for me.any one help me that which type bikini make me sexy men?
How do you fill in eyebrows that are black?
Dressing my age, outfit ideas?
what do you think this kind of lingerie, sexy or slutty?
what to wear for 21st tomorrow with highwaisted jeans pls help not much time :((?
Good skin care for people with allergies?
im black and i have blue eyes...how do i bring them out?
How to properly shave your private area (girls only)???
I want to curl(perm) my hair what is the price and place to perm hair in New Delhi, India?
Left or Right arm tattoo?
Wanting to dread my hair?
Survey: do you like your hair?
What accessories are you currently wearing?
Girls opinion....Boys with long hair ?
Is the cetaphil gental cleanser a hand sanitizer, or a cream face wash?
QUICK! Would this look good? Dark blue skinny jeans grey&black striped top and black flats?
How hard is it to go into plus size modelling?
Do people compliment you on how nice you look when you come to work?
how is the scent of baby powder created?
Seattle salon for black hair?
Least damaging way for dying bangs?
how much for 1 inch tattoo cost?
How can I get my hair to a light brown color without damaging it too much?
If everyone is Beautiful, then how can the rare Beautiful people feel unique?
How can I get the words on my shirt back to its original color?
Where could i learn to build a bra?
How to shrink a new men's size cotton shirt?
I am a24 year guy.no boobs.which type of bra I wear daily in public?
Dyeing my hair again with manic panic purples?
i was soft hair when i combed my hair immediately erasing, i want to know best hair styling gel for daily use?
Sucking on Pierced Nipples?
when wearing heals do you walk heal to toe, or do you just have the whole shoe touch the ground at once?
what are some good colognes?
How to hide my Pennis?
What updos can i do with my hair?
If you want it, you can have it, its to good for me! What is it?
If you want it, you can have it, its to good for me! What is it?
Just a question for tattoo pain scale?
Do ghost followers on Instagram make you mad?
hair color question about coloring previously colored hair?
Why did this girl say this...?
What to wear with white floral Skinnies?
I got a perm done about an hour and a half ago and it's already falling out!!?
lost a bad bet wear to school?
How much is a Versace wallet like this worth?
Is it ok to use a normal back piercing for a cartilage piercing?
I'm jealous of an actress? She is just so pretty?!?
My tragus piercing started to bleed!! Help!!?
Loreal hi color highlights?
Can bleach damage a ring?
How would you style this? PLEASE HELP!?
Cartilage piercing ???
Sweaty hands and strech marks.?
Has anyone had a tattoo successfully removed?
how to look pale grunge?
Cheap face mask to really shrink pores?
where can i buy a scarf for black hair care?
Stretch marks but I'm only 16?
I need hair advice please?
I wanna die because my hair is too short?
whats the name of this nike shoes it look like free runs but it is not pleeaeese answer?
Best way to get orangey/yellow tones out of hair?
Help with tattoo after care?
what is the best korean brand product have you tried to achieve glowing skin?
I am a 24 age straight guy.can I wear a bra in visible of bra strap in public.can public accept it?
What order should I apply make up and what brands should I use?
Help healing my ears back after stretching them?
What do you call the sweater/shirt thing the guy in the front is wearing?
Help finding the perfect prom dress?
What can you compare shimmering gold to?
How to get more out of my wardrobe?
When is it safe to take out your nipple piercings?
What's the most effective way to get rid of back acne?
Would this work for a tattoo?
Will angelbites make it harder to thread your mustache?
What is your first impression of me?
Are blue eyes and green eyes more supreme than other eye colors?
GIRLS/WOMEN Will this duffel bag be a good option for a 3 week summer road trip to take all of this stuff?
Benefits of coconut oil on hair?
any good remedies for acne?
What should I wear out to dinner?
How will I know if the Nike Vision Prescription Frame I bought is authentic?
Can u get aids from a piercing needle ordered from amazon?
Husband loves to wear hot pink polish on his toes now he wants to learn how to apply makeup should i teach him?
Do you agree with this phrase? - \Beauty is pain.\ ?
I have these dark-sh brown spots on my face and they are connected to my acne, how do i get rid of them?
what is better this moisturizer or any serum?
i never use to break out on my cheeks but now i do?
where can i buy a matching hat and sweater like Edith wore in Despicable Me for a 13 year old girl?
Brown blue or green eyes which is prettier??
Big hips and tiny waist, best swimsuit?
Where to buy USB cufflinks?
I accidentally cut my hair.The bottom part is longer and the upper part is MUCH shorter.What should I do?
How to get my girlfriend to dye her hair black?
Please help with my hair?
What's it like to dye hair?
Does anyone know how much a small tatto will most likely cost?
placement for a nose piercing?
What shade of lipstick should I wear?
Where to get Soap free Fragrance free handwash ?
What to wear with a scarf ?
What makeup items do you prefer to buy high-end? How about drugstore/low-end?
how do you properly clean a belly button piercing?
How can I keep my face clear? Being zit-free and prevent any future break-outs?
Price for acrylic nails?
Boys only! Do you like this look on a girl?
Dark hair to vibrant burgendy?!?
Tongue piercing pain?
What are some good nail-polish designs?
YOUR OPINION ON THIS DRESS? Body Image Problems :C?
why dont girls like hairy chest these days?
Can I tone my hair with micro loop extensions in?
What oils fade stretch marks best?
Who is this model in the link below. He was in the Versace Fall 2014 runwayshow.Ive tired image search no luck?
How much of the hair mask treatment should I use?
Best quality hair extensions that ship products?
could i combine red lipstick with shampoo? would it work?
leaving lemon juice on blemish overnight?
DO you think I am pretty?
the fabric bernie dexter uses for jenna field good dress in modcloth?
What are some good face makeup tips?
Where can I buy full black leather vans? even the bottom blk?
How to use coconut oil on hair?
where should I get my tattoo?
What colors are best for blue eyes?
How do I get crazy curly hair?
Are these converse fake?
What Piercing Should I Get?
Need Advice for Hair?
HELP! Is my Navel piercing ok?
How much would you guys say this tattoo should cost?
What size is NZ 10 on Forever 21?
How long does a navel piercing take to stop hurting?
Help! My hair is literally falling out in clumps!?
wet seal pant sizes help?
When shaving my legs?
New dress code and lack of ideas on what to wear?
Saluta Glutathione Injection?
What black heels will go with this dress?
How much would it cost to get a tattoo of an owl finch?
What size lululemon pants would I be?
Fashion help/ outfit comments and comments?
Why is my face shiny?
I want to make a clothing brand.?
how to make men facial serum with essential oils?
I have severe hairfall .give the easiest way to protect it.is really using of hair oils increases hair growth?
will silver sulfadiazine help scars?
Am I doing everything right with growing my hair back?
Are round hips attractive?
Ramtirth hair oil dealer in goa?
how is indulekha whitening cream?
Idk what bra size I am?
What piercing should I get next?
Girls: where can I buy a top like this?
What should I wear to a teen nightclub?
I am shedding like crazy!?
help me please im allergic to sunscreen but i work out in the sun all day what can i do from stop getting burn?
I really need help someone with a good answer pleas?
Modeling Interview Tips?
What pants do I wear with this hoodie?
Is this true or false?
Are these good for your hair? Growing it out?
what does it feel like to get a tattoo on your forearm?
I've been swimming with my eyebrow piercing alot?
where is the best place to get cheerleading makeup?
Clothes for plus sized women?
How can I remove all the red spots on my face?
Best anti aging night creams?
Gothic shoes to wear to school?
What to expect when walking into a modeling agency?
Fish oil help to grow hair ???? How much days to get results?
Skinny Jean Problems!!?
POLL: Favorite Curling Iron Brand?
Transitioning from relaxed to natural?
what is the difference between a size 1x and a XL ?
Tongue piercing sensitivity ?
What to expect when going to a Modeling agencie's open call?
Should I Get An Industrial Piercing?
How to grow out a nape undercut ?
Techniques for painting nails?
Lets swap clothes this second what would i end up wearing?
Lets swap clothes this second what would i end up wearing?
Can I Dye my eyebrows with hair dye ?
Any ideas for a haircut?
Which cartilage piercing should I get?
What mascara should I get?
how can I remove dents from face??
How do you say you don't want a tattoo without offending someone?
Is it weird to be able to see hair on your body...?
does tweezing my eyebrows make the hair grow back thicker?
how long does it take your hair to dry when you wash it?
what's good watch brand that is cheap and runs for very long time?
Help with my thin, oily hair?
Haircut help! Knowledgeless indecisive me:(?
Hair vitamins/nutrients overdose?
Could I have straight hair?
what top would match an off white/cream skirt?
Homemade sunless/self tanner?
where can i get free socks?
Is it possible to lose hair if you're combing it and its tangled?
Stretched lobes, best tunnel/plugs materials?
Map leggings with outfit!? Fashion advice!?
which color do you like the best of these?
Undercut pros and cons?
How do you get a hair curler/streightenr to the back of your head?
ive had my lip pierced for 5 days is it ok to take it out clean it and put it back in ?
How do i do this hairstyle?
How do you feel about makeup?
i have peach fuzz and i want to get rid of it permanently but i dont know how to?
How bad is my receded hairline? I am only 19 and worried?
I need help with my hair please?
How do I make my body slimmer?
I need help moisturizing my hair?
How do you keep your hair curly without frizz?
Am I selfish and superficial for wanting plastic surgery?
What do you think of my tattoo idea?
would this outfit look okay on a plu size girl?
Need help finding an outfit from a movie!?
Does anyone know where to buy cute headbands online?
what contributions has louis vuttion made to the fashion industry?
Can you be born with a thin crown of hair?
Painting your nails techniques?
how should I wear my nike airforce hightop?
Hairstyling? college or apprentice?
How can I get my hair this color?
Are these vitamins good enough?
Girls: do u like it when guys wear solid black button downs with a bright colored tie?
How do i know when my Monroe piercing is healed?
How deep is this V-neck t shirt (pic)?
Which quote sounds better for a tattoo?
whete can I get this cute nail polish color?
Is dying your hair from brown to light brown a huge change?
Gauging ears, will it rip?
what type of panties do u wear?
Will doc martens still be 'in' in 2014?
Taxi 12 Air Jordan Authentic? With Pictures?
What types and colors of makeup os this cheerleader wearing?
so how can I make myself look exactly like this girl for drama class?
my hair gets so greasy overnight how do i stop this?
How burnt do you recon ill get from staying in the sun for to long?
Can I change my piercing if I've been cleaning my infection?
Can i change my industrial piercing?
Should I dye my hair black?
I usually use the original style Chap Stick because any others I use make my mouth burn. Why is that?
How can my bro make him self look exactly like the girl in this pic?
What looks good with a bright orange maxi skirt?
Could my piercing be infected?
Really natural but efficient makeup? :)?
Foundations and hair donations?
Sonia follows yarn together to make a sweater for the dad?
I want to be a model!?
Straighten hair every 2 days? Help!!?
what piercings would look good on me?
is polyvore.com legit ?
Dressy casual for pageant?
okay im wearing gray leggings and tan and pink moccosions . what sweater should i wear or my black northface..?
Does this dress look good on me?
How to tell hair extensions are fake?
If I wear a size small t-shirt (unisex), will a size small LONG-SLEEVE shirt fit me as well?
which is better looking of these two?
What color goes with camo shoes.?
What to wear to the mall with a guy friend?
Fake Emporio Armani Leather Jacket or Not?
Anybody know where i can get these?
Recommended for the studio in the mountains as a model, what do I do?
how long will earrings last that have the screw on back?
What are some really cute grunge/lolita clothing websites or clothes?
Where can I find more design of Coach bags for sale in the Phils?
Why do girls were thongs or g-strings ?
Why do girls were thongs or g-strings ?
How can I look better?
Back to natural hair color?
Does this dress go with these shoes? Easy 10 pts?
Girls, would a bullet necklace look good on a guy?
Can bobs be sexy? (Preferably guys)?
What kind of bracelet to buy a girl?
If I lose weight, could I model?
Thinking about getting my first tattoo...?
Help with my hair? Don't know what to do-.-?
In need a cute Instagram name!?
should i get laser hair removal for upper lip?
Do I look like an average Chinese girl?
What type of dress should I wear to prom?
Best mascara for asian eyelashes?
Starting to get more attracted to boys !?
What size is my belly piercing?
What race do I look like to you?
Unique baby clothing?
Where to get sunscreen with UVA protection?
How should I do my hair?
is there any ways of growing your hair longer faster?
room decor/remodelling, advice?
Weight loss help; too curvy .?
What exactly is \liquid makeup?\?
Tactuo acne medication question?
Does this annoy hair stylelist?
found a pocket watch whats the worth?
found a pocket watch whats the worth?
Designer cases for iPad Air/Mini for Men?
What size am I in the UK if I wear a large in unisex shirts in the US?
Is it true that makeup looks less cakey if you wait 10 minutes between putting liquid product and powder on?
Story Ideas? Writers block?
if im a size 7y in jordans what size would i be in women jordans?
is silver alloy real?
which color is the best looking of this eyeliner?
Can i use a labret ring in my smiley?
What type of haircut should I get?
How to get rid of static frizzy like hair?
how painful is a conch piercing?
How to ask mom to shave?
How can I change my style and my attatude?
Hair Extension Help!?
Is it normal for a girl to have a hairy crack and how to rid of it correctly without causing pain/damage?
homemade hair product for waves?
what to wear to apply at hooters?
How long would this tattoo take?
Is a size 4 NORMAL for my age? (In Jeans and Pants)?
As I am a regular head shaver, I am now considering permanent hair removal.Should I have it done?
Hair extensions for bangs?
Tips for Curly/Frizzy Hair?
Top Beauty Schools in Atlanta ?
Confused with fashion?
How does barbazon work?
How does barbazon work?
How much should I sell my used Lululemon pants? One pair has a little hole on the side and the other has lent?
What does a lip piercing feel like?
Can everybody fit in a size 0 jeans? (american sizes)?
What is the best makeup?
How to make a fake bruise without hurting self?
How to heal an infected cartilage piercing?
WTF? How to take a good selfie ? :(?
Does proactiv plus work?
WHICH are better: Thick brows or thin brows?
i always look really tired and gross?
Can I get this as a tattoo?
Do you think its better to be pale or use fake tan?
Toms shoes go on sale?
How to get unhooked from tattoos?
How can I make my eyebrows darker naturally?
Can your wear sterling silver in the shower?
how can i make my hair look flawless and long?
mascara caused me to get dark circles and someone told me to take it out properlly?
Does light gray and blue go together?
Saw a hoodie but can't find it online?
Where do I find one of these S.T.A.L.K.E.R style coats?
How to make this One Direction dress? URGENT.?
i wear mascara and since i started wearing it, it gqve me darkness under my eye?
Belly button piercing?
How can I get eyeshadow to stay on all day?
Hair loss and hair thinning????
About to dye hair could dying it damage my hair?
Does this look too much like a wedding dress to wear to prom?
New makeup routine??
how to get rid of face lines that make you look old ?
Can anyone recommend comfortable sandals?
Should I use tanning bed or do airbrush tanning?!?
i put mayonnaise in my hair, now there's dandruff?!?
Why is liam payne so cute?
GIRLS: what type of shoes would look right with this dress?
Am I ugly? How can i fix it? Please don't be rude.?
Help with blog names?
When to wash my hair, If i'm planning to grow dreadlocks?
GIRLS: what type of shoes would look right this dress?
I have short hair and want to grow it out so I can get a curled bob - how long should I let it grow before get?
How can I fix my nose?
which is the best parfume of harajuku lovers?
why does my hair have white stuff in it?
Can I wear a crop top to go clubbing?
What can I do to dress up for homecoming?
What's my facial shape?
first cosplay want to go as someone i really look like help?
Am i skinny enough to get a belly button piercing?
How to convince my dad about getting a tattoo?
Top to go with this skirt?
What is in style for Ninth graders now?
I really want my ear cartilage pierced?
Cartilage piercing, can i take it out?
right age to get a tattoo?
Can some one tell me what size gauge i am?
Whatis your opinion on guys wearing them ?
016858146352 from suzy shier real leather?
What will happen if I die my hair?
How to dress edgy and girly?
Where can I buy punk/pastel/grunge clothing online ?
Trying to find a longer lip ring?
Is California the pubic hair removal capital of the U.S.?
Will I pass my hair follicle test?
ladies, what's the highest heel height you feel comfortable with?
please help, new moles appeared after sunbed?
What to wear with a white skirt?
is the 'Miss Manga' mascara by L'Oreal good?
How do i get my hair like this without cutting it drastically?
Do natural remedies for tattoo removal work?
If a jumper is labelled 34 inch chest, is that size of the jumper, or the size of the customer?
My lotion made my new tattoo dry?
What can I use for my skin?
How many times a week and for how long should a fair-skinned person use a tanning bed?
How should I wear my hair when going to bed?
what do you think of a girl getting a tattoo of another girl \friend's\ name?
Opinions about pants and t-shirt?
What is the black Northface jacket guys wear?
How to get thicker legs/ theighs and ass?
What shoes to wear with this dress?
Please help i need to know how to get this haircut?
Do you have to take off your panties to get a tattoo on a lower part of your belly?
Dress for pageant on me?
Matching jewelry and makeup, girls...?
Really puzzled about the instructions to measure your bra size?
is this bad for my hair?
Nipple piercing pain and experience?
Do mexians have the right hair for dreadlocks?
Is this dress considered dressy casual?
Fashion advice...summer party!?
When will Abercrombie and fitch have percentage off next in 2014?
Wearing soccer pants like jeans?
when will Victoria's Secret have percentage off in 2014?
I don't know what clothes look good on me?
Quick EASY hairstyles?
Vans or Converse: Women Opinions?
I'm going to get contacts. What color should i get, i have drk ben hair, very pale, have grey blue eyes?
Tattoo ideas to represent mom?
Why are more chicks going for the full length arm tattoos?
Best most natural looking foundation to cover redness?
What foundation for teenage skin??
affordable dense makeup brushes?
why are my breasts low and pointy?
What do I wear to a party?
Outfit for a Warm Day?
Are Over The Knee High Long Socks unisex?
Blonde or brown hair? Which do I suit better?
Will sew in weaves continue my hair growth or stunt my hair growth?
What I should expect for my first tattoo!?
Transitioning from relaxed to natural?
What are good hair products with no sulfates, parabens, or silicones?
Male Hair Colour That Washes Out?
My hairs so messed up help!! :(?
What socks should I get? website included?
Does Clearasil work ?
What works better loreal platinum or splat lightning bleach?
Deciding on a new hair style..?
What works better loreal platinum or splat lightning bleach?
Should I wear a dress that shows good cleavage but makes me look fat or a skirt that makes me look childish?
Best Drugstore Mascara?.........?
How bad would you say my hairline is?
did i ruin my nails? i had fake nails on?
what color clothes shall I wear today for good luck?
How should I have my hair for school tomorrow?
Is it bad to be a 00 in jeans for a teenage girl?
How do scene/emo girls get their hair to look dry but smooth looking?
Low price jewlery stores online?
Best shoes to make a girl taller?
How to get this mens haircut/style? (garth bale)?
is getting a tattoo on you arm a good idea?
I can't find jeans that fit?
Can you decribe this girls style...?
What color would you say this is?
which handbag is better looking of these two?
Choosing a makeup concealer???
How to make my hair flat?
How long can i wear my socks?
How can I get rid of a cowlick?
Where are American Express gift cards accepted?
What does a half cup of push up mean? (Bra)?
one n only argan oil for hair growth?
What Is This Type of Dress?
Advice on dying hair?
which is the best looking of these four?
What shall I do with my hair?
would an 'emo' fringe suit me?
What would be a good salon name?
What is your favorite shoe brand?
What should i wear with this?
What's my facial shape?
what prom dress suites auburn hair?
Does this dye damage your hair?
Is this too much makeup?
what are those short bra things called?
has spirolactone worked in women with thinning hair due to high testosterone?
Why do people think my jordan melo 1.5s are fake?
hair felt out after perm help !!!!?
Physically, can you tell a 22 year old from a 25 year old?
How can I grow my hair quick black male?
What type of lace fabric is the top of this dress made of? Please HELP?
how can i get rid of the split ends!?
Can factory variant shoes if purchased last?
Where can i get these shoes?
I'm a guy with longer hair?
What kind of outfits should you wear to look elegant and smart...?
How long will I have to wait to dye my hair the same colour again?
Is it possible to make my breasts \perkier\?
Please answer really important?
What shoes could I wear with this outfit?
How to get his attention. And to stop the bullies.?
My stretched ears dont wanna stretch anymore?
How to grow a moustache?
What makeup should I wear on holiday?
how come i need bigger clothes?
Who is the ginger in the davids bridal commmercial?
mom won't let me wear a bikini?
How to start a hair extension business?
A jacket to wear with a strapless black dress?
Where could I place my tattoo quote?
Shampoo that makes scalp burn?
How to get this color hair?
What to wear with a burgandy skater dress?
Question about how tights/stockings/pantyhose feel on a girl's legs?
Girls, is a bullet necklace on a guy cool?
where can I get jeans for $30 or less?
Best concealer for dry skin?
Is there a nasty gal in the uk and what size do I pick for jeffrey campbell litas?
What's the difference between Polo Ralph Lauren and Ralph Lauren?
Can you teach with tattoos?
How to change your look for school?
Product to make skin look radiant or bright ?
Is this hat too Christmasy?
what to wear tomorrow?
Good place to put the quote, \Fate my friend, you say the strangest things.\?
What kind of people suited hair?
When can you change a belly bar?
want a very vintage looking tattoo but don't know where to find examples of what I want?
Is 115 pounds too heavy for 5'5? read below more details (modeling)?
Filmmaking post-apocalyptic makeup? Help?
Am I basic???????????
How do I fix my naturally curly hair?
Am I tall enough to become a model?
what does sheer mean in makeup. 10 points for the best answer !?
plzz Answer!!! fake or real?
what kind of ring is this?
Which is my bra size?
is this brand good / a good concealer (jazooli) 10 point for the best and honest answer?
what happens if you bleach your hair then dye it brown when it starts to fade will it be blond?
Tongue piercing pain vs Belly Button piercing pain?
and also let me know the powder chemical name which is use for iron dye in to silver colour?
What will happen if you brush your hair with a perm?
I would like to know the formula .how can we convert iron products in to silver and golden colours .please l?
How long will it take for my eyebrow piercing to close?
Best Clothing Websites that ship to europe? a bit more affordable?
anyone know where to buy waterproof makeup?
Is diamond platinumz freemason?
Is the 48 hour test necessary before dyeing my hair?
Regrets? Modelling? Should I have took it?
Help on getting clearer skin?
What colour to dip dye dirty blonde hair?
Can someone please help me find a haircut?
OMG! which baby lips to choose?
Prom dresses, portabello and spitalfields market?
Poll: What skin color do u like on a girl?
I'm looking to buy eyeliner liquid black?
What could cause new socks to have a faded stripe down middle of front?
I have caramel brown skin color and i want to dye my hair... ANY COLOR SUGGESTIONS?
Making blonde hair ombre?
please answer completely honestly............?
Security tag on clothes! What stores could take it off?
What are some apparel stores/indie design firms that are similar to UNIF but based in SF?
hair coloring without bleach?
ways to help my hair grow?
Does multani metti paste on face can helps to make face skin fairer.or not?
How long does hair need to be for ponytail?
Does she have a weird body?
I NEED my hair to grow!!?
where can i buy a prom dress like this in london?
I NEED my hair to grow!!?
Choose best face wash for 14 year boy?
should i get my smiley pierced?
Got Sunburn Through Clothing?
What face shape does Emily Kinney (From TWD) have?
Is this a good tattoo idea for a man?
I dyed my hair a few weeks back?
What is the stuff that holds the hold up stockings up?
Does my nose ruin my face girls?
Okay, So what should I do with this HAIR?????
An easy way to get rid of dandruff?
What is your favorite type of lip piercing?
How to remove facial hairs?
Which odd waistcoat would go with my navy pinstripe suit?
Which drugstore foundation is good for acne prone skin?
who has buy glutathione from magicpotion.com?
I am a male.can I wear a bra in public.bra strap is visible.can public accept it.?
What is the latest fashion in Indian wear for girls?
what nike shoes are these?
I want to be perfect.?
I am a straight guy.can I wear a bra under my shirt in public ?can public acept me.?
Who sells clinique products?
Height growing's best Tips?
Help and advice for bb creams?
how to get curls like this? pic included?
Harem/ Korean style sweat pants online?
Which cardigan would look better with this dress?
Ok help!!my hair has been damaged by bleach overlapping is it best to trim the ends often?
32C-23.5-36 are my hips too big? What shape am I?
I'm getting white stuff in my pants help me?
washing hair with vinegar?
I am a 23 year old male I have a geisha tattoo being designed should I get a geisha tattoo is it socialy ok.?
Is the Naked Palette 5 by Urban Decay worth having?
Nail Polish brands that dry fast?
Stripping brown hair from blonde?
The Price is right Girls???????
Septum or lip piercing?
Is maybelline dream pure bb cream worth trying?
so now i have to bleach my hair...?
what is the best blow dryer?
what does send a video of yourself mean?
Which is a better hair straightner GHD or CHI?
Shrinking Violet Body Wrap?
How can I be more artistic when it comes to make-up?
Do victoria secret bras run large or small?
Why does shopping with my mum always suck so much?
are Over The Knee High Long Socks unisex?
What is the best long lasting eyeliner?
Which Boots would look best with this outfit for a \Smart Casual\ look?
I want to gift my daughter and her husband with a beautiful bedding set as a wedding gift.?
My mum wont let me buy or wear wedges/heels? I'm 15?
how to make a stretch 90s tattoo choker necklace?
information, tips and trick for thicker hair?
How turmeric inhibits hair growth?
Is it illegal to knit and make hats with cartoon characters on them?
What shoes to wear with this tartan dress?
In my face there r pimples's colour . pimples are leaves up but their color does not go pls help me .?
When do boobs stop growing?
Boyfriend wants me start wearing makeup?
What hair color would look good on me?
Women: Do you like when a guy has leg hair, chest hair etc.?
I need a name for my mobile beauty business?!?
How to make brown hair dye lighter?
Why won't my red hair fade to my bleached yellow?
Beauty YouTube, please give opinions/suggestions?
How do I stop being jealous of her?
Looking for white thin face cloths for removing makeup?
Who is the \fat girl\ on that \huge boobs\ demotivational poster?
Comments/opinions please?
How do I remove hair off face permanently? (girls)?
a lipstick that comes close to this one?
Is it true that this section upgrades average looking people and downgrades attractive ones?
I need a part time job?
Is 20 minutes enough time for fake tan to dry?
Where can I find some size 16-17 slides?
Neutrogena grapefruit acne face wash?
What is your age and shoe size?
Can I wear leggings to a interview?
which one of these 2 shoes ????????
Where can I find a good cosplay store?
belly piercing ball that is cracked?
Are pitbulls suppose to have hair inside paws/in between digits?
Is Valiantwang on Etsy.com legit?
what pants should I wear!?
Can I get a free re piercing at Claire's or icing?
I just dyed my hair blond a week ago and am now looking to dye it blue should I use black then blue or just...?
I Keep getting acne in my face and body.what to do?
Why are athletic girls so attractive?
hot days sweaty school dress HELP?
which one should i go for?please help me pick one?
How do I get rid of clogged hair follicles ?!?
How can I style my hair like this?
Why are my eyelashes turning white?
What sort of dress should I wear to this wedding?
How to remove vagina hair....?
ONE item of make up only; Lipstick OR Mascara?
Do jeans fit perfectly if they're reduced in size?
Which sexy set of eyes lower back tattoo do you think is the sexiest?
Is men's fashion week just a joke?
What color clothing should I wear?
Afraid to get new style? Help?
Question about sunscreen.?
how do I make the shoes I have now sparkly more like a celebrity's would?
how to feel more confident at school?!?
Hair always has build up?
Do I look like my \age\ is starting to show for 25?
I'm kind of nervous even though I know them, so ideas?
What do you call this hair style?
Why is my hair so dry and coarse?
Washing once a week? [male - chin length hair]?
Is It okay if I Go to Sleep with Wet Braided Hair or Not?
Is it bad to wear shoes without insoles?
Im too tall and skinny??
Please help! Where can I get this?
Any suggestions for Vans/low Converse shoes?
What to do with my hair...?
Today I got highlights need help?!?
Whats all the makeup products?
New Tongue Piercing Concerning?
In your opinion which is the best name for a new clothing shop/brand?
How much weight i can lose with green coffee beans?
How to get rid of dark circles and puffiness under eyes?
Best tattooist / studio in Brisbane?
How to grow long natural hair fast?
Why are Rue 21 sales associates so pushy about fragrance?
Is my watch for the wrong hand?
Good Organics Skin Care Products?
How to shrink this hoodie?
Why do my nipples have hair ?
what face shape do I have?
Any ideas to cover these tattoos?
Can hood dryers give your face a tan?
How do you encourage a beard to grow?
Would this look weird???????
Where can I get Hermiones coat from Goblet of Fire?
Home made face masks?
Laser hair removal/hair reduction?
baby powder on facee?
best place to shop maternity clothes online?
How should I clean my Tragus piercing?
I am 19 yr old and still i havenot grown hairs on my face n thigh. does it mean i have not finished puberty an?
How to get your facial hair straight?
What is my skin tone/undertone?
what do men like the smell of?
how to get shiny face?? is it ok to use bb cream everyday?
How can i get my makeup to stay looking good without it melting off or getting oily WITHOUT using a powder?
Is something wrong with me? I hate when girls talk about their beauty?
My body itches after i take a bath with a sponge but not when i use only soap,.why is that?
How to let dyed hair return to natural colour?
What shoes can I wear out to bars/clubs if I don't like heels?
Dress Question, What is this called?
Poll: Do you think brown/black eyes are ugly?
How do you keep your glasses from fogging up when wearing a bacalava?
Where to buy cheap necklace for boy?
I'm looking for this dress but I only have the back view. Any suggestions on how or where I might find it?
Helix piercing - does it hurt?
Why my hair turn brown under sunlight ?
Do these shoes look unprofessional for an interview?
is mac studio fix fluid okay for dry/flaky skin??
I have tired and dull skin ?
Should I buy these pants?
Ordering underwear from Victoria's Secret online from private college?
What body shape am I?
I got my surface tongue piercing done a week ago and I was wondering if it is a good idea to eat hot Cheetos.?
i have a fair complexion and i have sensitive skin ..can anyone suggest me some good facewash.?
Has anyone tried Nouveau-lipo body contouring treatments?
Where can I buy a suit?
do u think I have a nice eyeball?
How can I become more handsom?
Question about bra size?
How to fix my oily face, hair and body in general?
Where to find bridal hair bun pins?
how to stop hair fall?
What color should I dye my hair !?
Someone help me with my fizzy hair!!?
Just got an under breast tattoo about 4 hours ago can I sleep with a shirt?
I want to wear red heels and possibly red lipstick to the bar/club, what type of outfit should I wear?
Which type of scarf for men?
Please help me out regarding cufflinks?
Navel piercing itchy, red and looks swollen.?
Blushes in similar colors?I will answer you one question!?
what do I do about flaking when I am applying foundation?
I just got under both breasts tattooed can I wear a shirt?
is it okay to take my helix peircing out after 2 and a half weeks?
Questions about dying my hair platinum blonde?
People who care fake purses?!?
Has anyone been to trouser snake in clarkson western australia?
What face shape do I have?
I'm confused about hair extensions?
Moving Belly Button Piercing While Cleaning?
What is your everyday morning beauty routine?
Girls: What's your opinion on facial hair?
Just went through a hard breakup and want to start fresh, change of style/look ideas?
What should I tell the hairstylist for this haircut?
Have you seen this dress?
I feel ugly, a guy that looks like a model was hired at work?
HAIR STYLISTS Kid Cudi Fans! How do i get this Hairstyle?
Will my ear holes close up?
how much do you think this tattoo would cost?
how to make my breast bigger in size?
Belly button piecing need help/ advice?
How can I find fitting jeans?
I have a problem with scabs on my face?
What crazy color would flatter my face the most?
My chichuahua is lossing his hair on his head. It started with just little bumps now he looks kinda bold?
Just got a new tattoo and then was in a car accident -- please help!?
Is it recommended to have a laser hair removal session per month?
A simple blue scarf causing me to go through a hell lot of complexities?!?
my lips are naturally very bright red, any natural way to reduce pigment?
What do people mean when they say that everyone is beautiful?
How do i reduce my breast without loosing my butt size?
Do you think I could where this to prom and leavers day?
What to do? I have an outfit that has an open back and shows my bra?
Sleeping in a french braid question!?
What is a great shampoo for thin naturally straight?
abercrombie and fitch modeling?
is the coolway hair straightener a good straightener ?
What does it mean if a girl or woman is \curvy\?
Curling Hair Question?
Can;t decide on what pair of shoes to get?
Peach Dress and Black Tux ?
Is 18 too young to wear lilly Pulitzer?
will my hair still go long if I don't trim it?
Hey guys, can anyone tell me where can I find this shirt!!?
can i use a moisturizer a day before i get a perm?
Who's more beautiful : Emma Watson or Taylor Swift?
ingrown toenail and peeling skin problem?
Girly girl outfits ideas?
women - what is something sexy you like to wear?
My clairsonic mia 2 isn't working?
Seahawks jersey pants?
Which color bands should I get? (Braces)?
First time hairstyle *HELP*?
I'm looking for a hair product for slicking my hair back (MENs)?
Can I use my iPhone 5s in the tanning bed?
Where are some websites where I can find some cute nail designs?
Any Whacky Outfit Ideas?
Can I change my cartilage piercing now?
How to make chin hair grow faster?
Small spouse tattoo ideas?
my farewell is on February.?
What causes static in my hair?
Can I rebond my hair after I bleach it 3 months ago ?
how to get beautiful skin?
Mosturize before or after acne cream?
What would be a good first tatoo?
Do you guys think that full front bangs look childish?
What Color Nails With A White Dress?
how to make ur own lipstick?
Can't get my nose ring back in?!?
How do I get my butt lighter, its darker than the rest of my skin?
what hair color looks better on me?
Nike basketball shoes w/ Yellow sole?
stitch mark on forehead?
What can I wear? 10 points for best answer :)?
help track sizes???? fastttt?
Personal opinions: What color purse should I buy? Play it safe or go all out?
How can I get rid of my hair flyaways without using any hair products?
Help me decide what hair color I should dye my hair????
will a full lace wig cover all of my natural hair?
Massaging breasts to increase size?
Which perfume for everyday?
My blunt bangs don't suit me!how long will it take to grow them so that i get side bangs or upto ma eyes ?
What kind of hairstyle is this?
Female tattoo questions & concerns?
Do I have to Cover my Tattoos at work?
how to get rid of fake tan quickly?
Cool Name for a Slipper Company?
Do girls think guys with nice long hair are interesting and sexier than guys with short hair?
What would happen if i bleach my hair?
What would happen if i bleach my hair?
When should I take my box braids out?
Whats a good hairstyle to go with?
Is this a good make up job?
Tattoos in the Marines?
New Tongue piercing 5th day having it ?
When is it the right time for makeup?
How can I make a high-low dress look better on me? :(?
Is this appropriate for a middle school dance?
What to do with wavy hair at pool park?
I Want a new haircut. Help!?
What to do with wavy hair at pool park?
Cute clothes for a 14 year old girl?
What does this tattoo mean?
My blunt bangs don't suit me!how long will it take to grow them so that i get side bangs or upto ma eyes ?
How can I make my hair flat without gel?
What are some really cheap online junior clothes store?
I'm a guest, I bought some dresses, what color do I wear?
what hair cut would look good on me?
How long does hair grow in 1 year for males on average?
Is this okay to wear to school?
Any good crochet websites for masks?
should I get a bang cut?
Getting a Brazilian wax?
Im stretching my ears what size can I got to and still go back to a normal size if wanted?
I am growing my hair out and want to know how to get rid of curly hair?
What to do about a huge birthmark?
Which is more painful? Getting your ears pierced with a gun or a needle?
Natural dreadlocks NEED HELP!?
Best drugstore foundation and loose powder?
My doctor told me that I cannot get rid of scars from Chemical Peel. You have undergo laser treatment?
How often should you wash your hair?
Could y'all tell me what color I should dye my hair?
What can I do about my box dyed hair?
What color jacket should I wear?
How to wear this shirt?!?
Where can I buy cheap alternative clothing?
what color shirt should i wear with a taupe skirt?
Which pair of UGGs should I get if at all? (Links)?
Wool putting alcohol in body must make it stronger?
graduation gown too small!?
Why is my hair like this??
What type of person am i?
tattoo placement ideas?
How much would this cost roughly?
Does this look like a good thing to wear to prom?
How should I compliment these ladies on their nails?
Does this look like a good thing to wear to prom?
Is wearing a suit vest appropriate for a job interview?
What can I do? I really would like to see my mother in leggings or tights?
Do you think this is a good idea for a tattoo?
What clothes should I purchase next?
What do you think of this camera tattoo?
How do i dye my hair?
Is it bad to keep reopening my pierced ears?
i have armpit wrinkles?
My hair color is a natural copper red. Want to color it a darker red. What level of developer should I use?
I want to dye my hair blonde but...?
Do you like the clothes I got at H&M?
Do squats make you skinnier?
Is there a way to purposely get the soles of some Jordan's yellow? Read below?
Will my hair grow back in three months?
how do i get my curls back? (please read all)?
Is it okay to wear a black shirt with a black suit to a Networking event and dinner?
Where should I get this tattoo? *10 points*?
i just lost alot of weight and i need store to shop at?
how do i get rid if this fast?
What should I wear for first date? (winter)?
Bellybutton piercing emergency!! Help please!!!?
How do I grow hair on my forehead ?
i know how to get rid of perm!!?
Height vs. Looks in guys?
what jeans and shirt does eminem wear in i need a doctor music video?
Women - what would you say is your best feature?
How to make a boy shirt look girly?
How to know if i really am beautiful?
Do middle school guys think nike elite socks are sexy on a girl?
Am I really a fashion flop?
Teen girls: How much clothing do you have?
I need a really good hair moisturizer?
Belly Piercing help? ASAP?
Do people still wear livestrong bracelets?
Are these Air Jordan 1's fake?
Where can I find this dress?!?
What is a good drugstore foundation to get a flawless look?
How do I get a nice tan in the sun without getting sunburned?
What is a good drugstore concealer?
Am I fake or trashy if I wear hair extensions?
Which glasses better suit my features/skin tone?
What can I wear with my leather jacket?
What color shirt looks best?
Am I to big to wear a bikini?
Ladies: Who would you go for first?
Is a purple shampoo permanent?
Will my ears close after having size 0g guages for 3 years?
My friend has no sense of fashion?
Does this hair length treatment work?
Bio oil for scars, does it work?
Would a hair trimmer or clippers be better for trimming leg and butt hair?
Which European country comes to mind when you imagine a girl with these features?
How can i get eyelashes like this?
Where can I buy sweatpants?
my hair becomes frizzy after i shower...(10 points)?
Do I have bangs? Picture included (I think)?
Why when I do a side part at the very front of my hair there is a whole wedge of really short hair?
How can I fix my ugliness?
What should I name my clothing line?
i want to get rid of my lip piercing scar?????
What do you look for in a YouTube beauty channel?
What are some comfortable or cool guy shoes?!?!?
Where to get a pair of leggings maybe under 7 $ ?
how much does a nose piercing hurt compared to helix and ear lobes?
Girls: What is your favourite hair product?
What do you wear with grey leggings?
is it bad to get a tattoo before losing waight?
can I swim? just got highlights?
I cut off my baby hairs ?!?!?
Can you exchange a fitted hat anywhere?
What looks better? (girls only)?
is it bad if my belly piercing starts to bleed?
How much do you think this tattoo will cost?
What's the best hair styling product for me?
how do you clean SEUDE desert boots?
How do I become attractive to girls?
White shirt, yellow bra?
Would this clothing line be legal?
Do custom made 10-15 year old suits have any resale value?
How do you dress decently?
I pierced my belly button and it's now got almost a little bit of purple-ish/ red colour around the top.?
Please answer I need help!?
What FRESH fragrance mist Bath and Body Works do you recommend?
What is a good self curling mascara?
Need help with watches pleaseee?
I'm a quatre cast kid with straight hair can i get curly hair?
Chappy lips omg help fast!?
How to change my looks in one week?
what to wear for finals?
Which of these hairstyles looks best on me?
I have an amish haircut and want a better one. Any suggestions?
Should I Cut My Hair?
Hair styles for a semi formal?
Does hair begin to fall out as you get older? I'm 22 and feel like my hair isn't growing in thick?!?
What facial cleanser do you use?
Please tell me these shoes I found on the internet are fake they are called foamposites Oregon ducks edition?
Is my hair gonna be ok? :| lol?
What's your favorite picture out of these?
Is my hair gonna be ok? :| lol?
Ladies please help and reasure me. I have a serious calf/knee boot and stocking fetish. you all. look so good?
Should i be wearing Hollister and American Eagle?
i feel uncomfortable wearing just a sports bra?
Which watch looks nicer or is better?
Do you think this is fair?
What do you think of this quote? As a tattoo.?
spreedshirt.com deleted my shirt?
How to get red out of my hair??
Can I pierce my own lip?
Things to Wear on Wrist (Male)?
Coconut oil good for hair?
What color will my light green/blonde hair be if I put Manic panic red or purple on it'?
I really hate my hair!!!?
urgent-cartilage piercing?
I want to know if my friends are wearing boxers or briefs. How do I find out?
how to pierce your ears at home?
What are the best drugstore mascaras for me?
New appearance sick of the old?
Bikini grooming question, need opinions?
What are the most come questions asked at an Abercrombie & fitch interview? And is my outfit good enough?
Does this outfit match?
Best Guy clothing brand?
Why is one side of my face uglier than the other?
Decade day ideas for spirit week?
Prom Dress help-identity/trustable website?
I want to be a model so bad it hurts?!?!?
How can I dress more mature?
Air Jordan 5 Oreos? Still any stock?
What are the pros and cons of white tattoos?
How to stop my dad from being embarrassing?
What are some good places to shop for a 15 year old teenager?
How to make my boobs look bigger.?
16 year old with tattoos?
Where is the best place to get the best Men's Clothes at the Westminster Mall?
Good dresses to wear with lace tights?
What have you observed/learned about visiting this category?
How much would a really small tattoo cost?
African American hair for airforce basic training?
Am I doing everything right to grow my hair back?
Should I get straight across bangs?
My hair has green tint after dying it?
Any sites that will let me make shirts with copyrighted material?
Should I buy the Naked Palette, The Naked 2 Palette or the Stila In The Light Palette?
do these shoes go with this dress??!?
Whats less damaging? Putting a lot of products in your hair or straightening it ?
What do you think of this dress?
How do I do this with my bangs?
Treat body acne in 2 weeks?
Which color should I dye my hair?
Cartridge needle size?
Is this alright for a 16 year old guy to wear?
What to wear for finals inn high school?
where to buy Air Jordan 5 Oreos?
Why do my eyes have 5 colors?
HELP!! Sew In Pulled Hair Out!!?
Is it safe to repierce my ears?
Where can I buy some women's air Jordan's?
Questions about leggings?
Is it safe to repierce my ears?
I want to be a teen model... ?
Would you call her hair red or brown?
Are the white gold rhodium rings by baublebox any good?
What weight do I look? (pic included)?
Can't Find Any Clothing That Are My Style!!!!!!?
I don't know what bra size I should be wearing?
Where should I get my earlobes pierced?
Guy Wearing GIRL TIGHTS?
What should i change about my hairstyle(pls help gurls)?
how to lighten my lips?
Biotin Hair & Nail growth?
Should I trust the photo or the mirror?
Too old to have my hair funky and bright?
What are some at home spa ideas?
Is this a men's watch? Please help?
New hairstyle, Bangs yes or no?
Should i wear my new uggs?
already asked but, how do I get back my natural hair color?
Really good vitamins for hair?
What is some good acne remover?
dyeing my hair??? help????
Should a 14 be able to get their nose pierced?
How does honey lighten hair?
Buying a prom dress:Is dylanqueen.com a legit site or a scam?
belly button infection?
Is my thong the wrong size?
should i get a nose job?
Where to buy inexpensive, nice looking sweatpants?
whatsgood treament for braids to make them look good?
Is this vitamin even good for hair?
My hair was naturally blonde, made it brighter now my roots are dark.?
Stores that sell good quality Maxi Skirts?
navel piercing infected?
Want hair extensions. Please help out and answer my questions. (:?
do gel nails ruin your hair?
Oily/Dry hair please help!?
Cute costume for comicon?
should I dye my hair back to red?
How to grow your hair fast?
What to wear when meeting nitro circus crew?
Do guys like pale girls?
Transverse lobe piercing with stretched ear?
the hair on my brow is very small. what should l do to make the hair grow? its really important.?
How can I do my makeup like the girl in the pic?
What should I and what should I shave?
what types of uggs should I get?
What Color Nails Would Look Good With A White Lace Mesh Dress?
What color shoes with this? (Male)?
Does that Sun-In hair lightening stuff work? What will it do to my hair?
Which Hair Color Dye Should I Go For?
What do i wear to a winter christening?
what color of braces should i get?
Eye Creases when I smile?
Is Nordstrom changing their return policy?
How to naturally darken hair?
How to convince my mom to let me get a pixie haircut?
How do i sound clear? Help?
Abercrombie and Fitch interview?
Should i wet my hair before I bleach..?
Warm yet fitted jacket for Snowboarding?
Can a plain-looking girl become beautiful?
This for prom? Comments please? Thanks!?
what happens if they see my tattoo?
CHI straight guard or CHI silk infusion?
What gloves can I use last minute to dye my hair with?
why are my ballls so sensitive?
When you order Puma online, do you get a bag?
what jobs can i get with pink hair except fast food?
Why does everyone say that Rimmel London tests on animals?
Don't you hate when you run out of makeup remover and you have makeup on?
Ladies can men wear wedge boots?
I want to sew a skirt, but the fabric I want to use is too transparent. Ideas?
how to grow hair fast?!?
Which backpack do you prefer?
Will these tights look shiny?
how much would this tattoo cost?
the brand of my shampoo not working too good?
Anyone know where I can get this Blazer?
What is your opinion on this bikini?
Im a young guy in need of finding a style that i like?
Ladies do you enjoy wearing sexy boots & stockings as much as we love you in them.?
Can my nose get bigger if it settles in?
Does anyone know where I can find/buy an Eagle Scout necktie?
Help me: here's a picture of my skin, could you tell me what TYPE it is?
Is Giorgio armani makeup or is makeup forever a better makeup brand?
My nose piercing help!!!!?
Slim fit black jacket suggestions?
What Urban Decay Naked pallet would you prefer for me ? 1st Or the 3rd ? 10 POINTS?
HELP ME WITH A THEME PROJECT NAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!?
what shoes to wear to a sweet 16??!!?
High rise or low rise jeans?
Why do my tattoo look faded?
Does tying your hair back cause a receding hairline?
Very disproportionate face?? help.?
Monroe Piercing Question.Help?!?
Help with clothes for my body type?
I bleached my hair a month and a half ago and it was blonde and now it's turning black again why is this?
Does this conditioner work? Anyone tried it?
Bikini grooming question, need opinions?
Which moisturiser is good for combination skin?
Hair HELP!! Dyed my hair, and stripped now it's a mess!?
Can I take my earrings out yet?
How to grow hair longer and faster ?
Does that Horse shampoo work?
How can I improve my fashion blog?
How to make youyr eyes look bigger???
Red, sore, bumpy skin after waxing?
where can I order a very cheap awful suit?
Bikini grooming question, need opinions?
I stopped wearing my ear gauges for a few weeks, how long must I wait to size up again?
What will look cute with grey sweats?
Who can help me put together a new wardrobe?
I have a pair of shin high studded sneakers converse style.. do I wear my pants inside or over the shoes?
Tips for growing out my hair?
Dyed Red hair-want to blonde? Bleach bath?
How to grow my bangs and hair out faster?
Hen party name ideas for t shirts?
Average cost for custom made prom dress in uk?
Where can I find One Direction tshirts?
how do i get perfect hairless skin?
nipple piercing ... help !!!!!!?
I have a chemical burn on my scalp from hair bleach, when can I use temporary dye? Help!!?
what urban name brand clothes do women wear now?
need an opinion on something?
How too grow my hair back longer faster?
What are these nike trainers called?
In the house, do you wear shoes, socks, or slippers, or go barefoot?
Where is a good modeling agency in Houston, Texas?
Would rather wear socks of mismatched colors or go barefoot?
What is this style called?
Box dyed my virgin hair, but want to change it 3days later, can I?
Fine facial features: what does this mean?
Best BB cream for Very VERY oily skin?
What's the best Anti-Dandruff Shampoo and Conditioner?
What should I wear for my 17th birthday?
Dry Skin around my nose?
Would blonde hair suite me?
Is the bikini bridge, the new thigh gap?
I reali want a lip ring bt is it sore tell me befr I go!?
Eyebrows not growing after waxing?
Goods stores to buy midi dresses and skirts?
My bra straps are too far apart. What can I do about it?
Can I wear booty shorts if my butt is small?
What are fine features, when referring to a face?
How do I paint my body?
How do u pick the right foundation?
why men like a girl's feet i dnt get it?
Oily hair after straightening ?
Would this dress look good with leggings?
can kay jewelers make any piece of jewelry in rose gold?
Should I correct my tuberous breasts with surgery?
What do you think prom/grad dress?
does this Coach handbag look fake to you? Why or why not?
pleasse tell me where I could get this lacoste perfume?
does cooking in a smokehouse restaurant harm the hair?
where is my nice purple color an those on it i feel no connection here?
How do I grow out an awesome handlebar mustache?
Question for girls who do NOT wash their hair every day?
I once had fire red hair. Now its auburn and on its way to brown. How can I get that fire back?
Should I wear Lord of the rings ring?
What should i wear with my cheetah leggings?
Good brush for thin hair?
Does showering help get rid of all the dead skin and bacteria?!?
Does the nono hair remover really work and is it worth the money? How much are they?
Is there a height to slit height ratio in a dress?
What makeup routine is better?
I hate the way I look!!!!!!!!?
How to make my hair less boring?!?
How much do I tip my tattoo artist?
I want to grow a beard how or what to use to grow one ?
Do i look good in gauges?
What are Thot Leggings?
belly button rejecting?
i want to dye my hair light brown ?
Should I dye my hair blonde?
is my lip piercing infected?
What hairstyles can I do WITHOUT using heat?
Why does my hair get frizzy when I spray it with water?
What color or kind of shirt should I wear with light wash jeans?
Ring sizes, please help! Important.?
Nipple Piercing Help ?!?
How can I tan my legs faster?
how to fix this this bracelet?
Do you or someone you know have large feet with a short stature?
Please help with a solution for my hair!???
Jewelry tarts from jewelrycandles.com?
I have 600 dollars to spend and I'm look to buy a watch, what is a good brand that is worth my money?
Do you get shimmerless eye shadows?
how do i keep hair calk in my hair for a week?
If a woman wear a medium top what size hoodie in juniors would she buy?
wearing a woman cape?
Do tattoos on the feet rub away?
Which mascara out of these?
Are black leggings, leather boots, and a blue jean shirt still in style?
Should I buy a pair of Jordans or is that spoiled?
what color should I dye hair?
OBEY or Mi-Pac????WHICH ONE PEOPLE???URBAN OUTFITTERS!BOTH £10?
I cut myself with a shaver, what do I do?
Do you have to remove clear mascara with makeup remover?
Dark bags under eyes ???
which would you rather buy?
what do you think of my fashion blog?
What is considered proper tip for a gel mani & pedi, cost is $55, 10, 15,?
Changing up my appearance?
Guys wearing makeup to hide facial scarring?
Will this damge my hair?
how can my hair grow 10 inches by the summer?
How to take the pain and redness out of a spot?
Where to buy nike shoes? 11 points!!?
which haircut looks better?
NHS - Tattoos policy?
How do I shrink my shirt?
what should I wear to rave in?
How much is a tattoo?
How to maintain wavy, frizzy and nappy hair?
is there a concealer for men?
does anyone actually like dark blondes....?
looking to grow my hair out faster what vitamins or shampoo or anything can help my hair grow ?
Tattoo i should get or not?
My Cartilage piercing is swollen?
Tattoo ideas help please?
How does my figure look in this dress?
Will my daughter lose her curls if i cut her hair?
which would you rather purchase?
What should I wear with my navy lace skirt?
What is the LIGHTEST shade of powder concealer you know of?
For the ladies, what cologne do you like best on a man?
Girls opinion on Manscaping?
How do I get my brown eyes to stand out?
Which lower back tattoo design is more sexy to you?
how do I get my nails to grow faster and thicker?
What makeup foundation should I use?
Where do you actually buy \high end \ makeup from?
Pastel Pink Spray Hair Dye?
Are converse a smart/casual look?
Should I shower everyday and if so night or morning?
Should I consider a tummy tuck?
what kind of dance can I wear this dress too if I am a boy?
Help!!! My eyelashes are falling out?
How shoukd I do my eye makeup for a dare?
I want to shave my legs but dont know how to shave em right?
Is there something to vibration training?
what are the bikini trends for 2014?
Makeup vanity or Regular shelf ?
Why do girls say they're not pretty?
After coloring my hair, how long should I wait before applying hightlights?
How much dose hair grow in a week?
What mascara gives you longer eyelashes?
how do i grow my hair faster?
i wanna dye my hair but...?
I have a question about my tattoo?
What type of shoes would look right with this dress?
Need help picking a new hairstyle?
How to make my vagina/vulva look good and getting rid of discolouration?
How do guys get eyebrows waxed/plucked?
What would this haircut be called?
What type of jewelry is best for a cartilage piercing?
How does my figure look in this dress?
Is my hair situation improving?
What should I do about my skin?
Should I get a haircut?!?!?!?!?
freckles: will mine fade?
What are best hair growth vitamins?
What can I clean my makeup brushes with?
Natural hair breaking?
How do I get dreadlock ends?
Do I have warm or cool undertones?
Can you use powder to hide dark circles under eyes?
why arent i pretty??
Heavy sweet perfumes?
Famous coat brands- names of coats which posh British-men wore in the late 20th Century?
Dark and lovely hair relaxer for kids?
what should I wear with a peacock green sweater?
Ladies who have had gels nails what does this mean?
Is this lip set worth it?
L'Oreal Paris Super Liner-24 H Water Proof Gel Liner- Black reviews?
How could i get a skinny face (boy)?
How do I stop walking on my heels?
Do you think i could be a model?
Urgent!!!!!! how do I cover a haircut?
Do this look right with my polo boots?
Good hair products for frizzy hair?
Why do I look so bad in pictures?
why does it seem like my car selfies look better than my house selfies?
I need new hairstyles?
I need easy Hairstyles!?
I need easy Hairstyles!?
feel awkward wearing tee shirt?
Oily hair second day after washing?
can find clothing for 6'8 women help?
There is a hallmark on my necklace that looks like a sort of music note with 925 underneath it. what does it?
Tattoo ideas help please?
Do scarves look good on guys?
do you think urban decay perversion eyeliner is worth $19?
liposuction or buccal fat removal? chubby cheeks!?
Please Help. I want to start a business selling hair weaves but I don't know any suppliers?
does the droopy eyelid makes me look ugly ?
Creme or powder blush?
how do you get rid of shoulder stretch marks?
Senegalese twists too heavy?
Would medium/light red hair suit me?
what curling iron do you use?
Eye make-up for me (pic included)?
How shall I have my hair cut?
Girls with Afro/Curly Hair type you do like tresemme products for you hair?
Are these jeans too skinny/tight for men?
If I dyed my hair red, what colour would it fade to?
HOW TO FIX WASHED LEATHER JACKET?
Question about dreadlocks?!?
i am 5'9 and i am 13/ I will like to keep my hair what to do?
my tattoo still hurts help?
my prom is in june (UK) and i want to wear this dress, but is it to explicit?
can I wear my black combat boots as part of my uniform at Starbucks?
What foods are suitable to eat after a tongue piercing?
Girls,if a guy dresses very good,would you think he's trying hard or would you think he wants to look good?
What would you call this hair color (easy pts!)?
I keep growing...what the heck..?
Steve Madden Yasmin pumps? True to size?
What shampoo and conditionair and products should I use for my hair?
How to wash make up brush?
What do u call the skirts made up of a bunch of strings?
When can I use color oops?
What armani brand is better?
Is a contrast sleeve suit jacket fashionable?
Should I get all these Asian themed tattoos ?
Can I usE ST IVES BRIGHTNING SCRUB FoR WHITNING MY face SKIN?
Should I call my tattoo shop about my appointment?
What color is this nail polish? PIC included?
whats the name of Green hazel eye colour but in contacts?
URGENT!!!!!!!! how do I cover my new haircut for school?
Do girls like big guys with shaved heads?
What's your favourite Hollister body mist?
do you think I would look good with ombre hair?
Is there temporary hair dye?
What do straght guys like to wear: boxers or briefs?
would you think I would look good with ombre hair?
Can i use rosehip oil on damp hair?
I want a fade, I asked for a #2 on the sides and a #4 on top but a #4 was too short.?
Tried to dye my hair lighter but it went darker. Why?
How to make hair grow?
Sizing in PU leather jackets?
What should I wear for grad pictures?
Should it go to a barber or salon?
Hair question please?
today i feel ugly. is this normal? how to feel beautiful?
Would you feel embarrased if somebody pulled down your pants and you were wearing briefs?
I've got natural highlights on the side of my head, what can I do?
What is the latest fashion trends?!?
Why does my hair hurt like its sore?
Does anesthesia make my hair fall out?
where to buy dkny limited edition blossom perfume in calgary?
What armani brand is better?
how to make smoky eyes?
Best concealer and foundation?
I'm thinking about redoing my Dreadlocks?
why is it wrong for a guy to paint his nails?
People who pretend to be into stuff to be cool?
can you strip hair back to its natural colour if its been bleached?
Opinion for this quote as a tattoo? And where to put it?
Who is the model in this American Apparel photo?
Is this dress okay for a 15 year old?
Cosplay Help?! Thanks~?
My hair are so thin kesh king is their effective?
I need my hair to be long for my sweet 16. How can I do it? (without extensions!)?
I want to go for a new look!!?
Ever purchased pants from Asos.com?
What do you think of this easy-to-do nail art?
How long did you transition your hair before doing the big chop?
im 7.5 womens shoe, what size whould i be in childrens jordans:)?full points?
im 7.5 womens shoe, what size whould i be in childrens jordans:)?full points?
people with tattoos only?
Does wearing a matching tracksuit with matching trainers look silly?
Styling long side fringe?
Is this a cute outfit?
What to do with my hair?
Is dry skin around nipple peircings normal?
do guys like short hair or long hair on girls?
how do i achieve the perfect smokey eye?
do i really need a license to sell body lotion and jewelry on ebay?
Which maybelline baby lips is best for me?
Which maybelline baby lips is best for me?
Looking for Colorless/Transparent Eyeshadow?
where are some places on columbia sc a 13 year old can get a belly piercing wuth parental consent?
How to get rid of or fade old scars?
What shoes should i wear if i've never worn heels before? help!?
what are some places that would pierce a 13 year old with a parents consent in columbia?
I'm a guy, and I'm just curious. Why don't more woman go the redish tint hair thing?
Fast ways of growing my hair?
Is my tattoo infected?
is my face good enough to model? do you need to be skinny to model or can you be toned?
Dry skin under penis head?
bleached hair can i put a toner again?
how can i be smarter in schools?
GIRLS: what's your daily routine?:)?
Real Boar Bristle Brush or Fake Boar Bristle Brush? (10 points)?
what a good wax to use at home?
Can anyone tell me what does tattoo means?
What are some fun, casual hair buns?
Newly Natural Hair... I Need Help!?
What is the bag Nancy Shevell is holding on the beach in Hello magazine (issue 1310 Jan13 2014)?
What can I wear with jeans at work?
How to become beautiful like popular girls?
Why am I so jealous of women's panties?
I have a pair of aeropostale jeans. I can't tell if they are guys jeans or girls.tag says slim boot 27/28?
Can household bleach be used to bleach skin quick?
Boxed Dye for Roots growing out?
how old do i have to be to get a belly piercing in columbia?
help with korean skincare?
dont know what colour to dye y hair?
Emo boots and skinny jeans?
Describing scene hair?
Should I wear Lord of the rings ring?
How can i get the shiny glossy hair with bouncy curls..?
Name my new \skin care\ business?
Name my new \skin care\ business?
What is the best replacment tanning bulb To buy?
How to repair ends after bleaching?
What temperature for curling or straightening iron?
What are some good Clothing Manufactures?
Bored with my hair what should I do with my long strawberry blonde curly hair? Dye wise?
How can I make my eye balls rounder and bigger?
What color panty hose do I wear with a black lace dress?
If I dye my hair with black tea will it be permanent?
whats too wear with high waisted shorts?
Bad tongue piercing bleeding?
What to cover my new tattoo with?
How can I brush my hair wet without damaging it?
why does my hair do this, please answer thanks!!?
Am I cool, neutral, or warm?
I wanna join a sponsorship company . so what should i do?
What's the best cleanser....?
I'm thinking go getting my belly button re pierced, does it hurt more the second time?
Should I get spiderbite piercing? (pics included)?
Why do women wear leotards or tights like sport brands when they're shopping?
Which are the best under the eye hydrogel patches to use for puffy baggy eyes?
Do i deal with coloured conact lenses the same as with medical ones?
Fast and easy solution for clearing acne?
Hair colour- how to put it right?
How to remove lines from under the eyes?
whats the best way to....?
Should I buy American Crew Forming Cream or Pomade?
if we apply excess of lemon on face ...will it make it darker or lighter?
How to change how I look and shock people at school? Catch peoples attention? HEEELLLPPPPP PLEASE?
How can I convince my mom to let me wear concealer and mascara?
Anyone know where i can buy a grey or black bomber jacket?
Should i paint my toes today?
How long does it take for perm to naturally come off African American hair?
what are these shoes called?
How to make my nose smaller and less piggy-looking?
where can i get this coat?
ways to enhance eyes and school makeup ideas?
Buy ties online is safe or not?
Affordable store of bow tie?
I need help with my new piercing?
Help!!! Wedding in 6 months. Bleached hair problem!?
What do I wear under a sheer play suit?
help regarding my soft hairs ..!!!?
HOW DO I GET HAIR LIKE THIS?!?
what color of necklace with this top?please help?
Eyebrow piercing help?
Do feet tattoos hurt ?
What to wear with a black swing dress?
What Fabric Are These Shorts?
How to stand out on my birthday without going over the top?
can anyone tell me what type of ring this is? like what its called?
Spots/rash on pubic area?
Auburn brown hair.. Really light ash blonde eyebrows.?
neeeed some help on my hair please?
What facial piercing would I suit? (with pictures)?
Girlfriend lost bet, we get to dress her anyway we want this Friday night.?
What contact lens color suites me?
Medusa piercing, what kind of ring do I need?
I have a girl waist?pls if u have any ideas pls help?
How Can I Get Rid of Minor Calluses on My Hands?
Im getting a tattoo under both boobs? Do i wear a bra?
any remedy for stubborn grey hairs?
I can't dry my hands without having any towel residue left? Important for my contact lenses!?
Do I use both neutralizer and curl booster?
14g to 12g ear stretch help?
tattoo idea for boyfriend help!!?
Lily Collins haircut from abduction?!?
face becoming dry and not fresh ,what kind of face care in the country like australia is needed?
what do i wear to a paramore concert?
Help me pleaassee How to make yourself completly unrecognizoble?
Colorless bumps on face?
where can I get colored blazers?
what is the most expensive item you've ever bought?
Need help with my eyebrows?
Help!! Looking for a name of a jacket?
Should I size up from a 4mm?
How can I get hair like this?
what is my shoe size?
Buying gig tickets for event in the US, I live in the UK?
How long does it take your hair to curl using flexy rods?
can a short girl get a thigh gap?
I want to cut myself but not sure?
What to do with my bad looks?
I know surface piercings aren't likely to last but...?
are there any products really similar to smash box foundation primer?
Am I stupid to want to buy $300 shoes?
Back Dimples Piercing ?
How many times a week should I wash my hair?
I am going crazy... Breaking out or ingrown hairs?
Whats good juggalo face paint that doesn't crack or is water proof?
What should i change about my hairstyle(pls help gurls)?
first day of college sleeveless? (male)?
Should I go back to my natural hair color? (pictures)?
Do I look Roman (pic included)?
Ribbons attached to tshirts?
do elbow wraps make sleeveless thin young males look better?
Outfit help, please? Which shoes?
Will tongue piercing heal over ?
What kind of camera would you suggest for makeup tutorials on Youtube?
I think my belly button piecing is infected help.?
Leggings? Good or bad idea?
young thin male wearing thin strap tank?
any australian websites to buy Monistat Anti-Chafing Gel?
what's your opinion on this top?
how to get big lips when you have incredibly thin lips?
is this dress all that and a bag of chips?
Are t-shirts with big designs on the front and skinny jeans unattractive (male) (25-30)?
Are t-shirts with big designs on the front and skinny jeans unattractive (male) (25-30)?
can my nails recover from being cut too short all my life ?
IS there any home remedy to control frontal baldness?
I have a problem with my hair?
Is my tattoo peeling correctly?
What hairstyle is this?
Worlds Greatest shave?
10 points! Krazy Glue on skin?
Would I look good with a sidecut hair stile?
When, how and should i moisturize my face after a shower?
Can i apply natural henna to hair extention in order to get another shade of color?
dry lips! anybody help?
mascara on lower blonde lashes?
How to have a pink lip???!?
How Can I remove dark circles under my eyes?
Video Ideas for a Youtube Beauty Guru?
MAKEUP BRUSH SET Please help?
Can i start a clothing line at 13?
Do people still wear horizontal stripes?
I want to shave my head?
wheres all the quality denim?
Can I take biotin and another hair/nail growth vitamin?
How to look like an adult?
Need a foundation and powder that go together?
shoe stores for woman with large feet?
Are wares and clothes the same thing?
Does color oops work?
Can you use acrylic paint as face paint?
Can i wear nail polish to school in 7th grade?
Didn't the h&m website have this thing where you could dress virtual models?
What is wrong with clip-on ties?
SPF 100 sunscreen lotion good for baja Mexico?
which wedge heels look better?help me pick one please?
what do you think of girls wearing jumpsuits like these yay or nay ?
Random red spots on my body?!?
Which photo is better? 10 points!?
How long does Avon and Covergirl eyeshadow last?
What goes well with american eagle and holister?
Biker girls Atractive?
Is this outfit too formal?
Does Gucci Mane sell Gucci products?
Why do I have grey hair?
How much would my tattoo cost?
Thigh tattoo opinions?
Are these guy shoes??????
I am looking for black knee length flowy skirts for like 6 people is there somewhere i can buy them from?
How do I part with old make-up?
What website sells 8g plugs?
Where can i buy something to lighten my eyebrows?
what size does Abercrombie and fitch run?
What goes with my adventure time belt?
what are those face masks everyone wears?
What to wear to the beach!!!?
What is on my eyebrow piercing? Help!?
What is the most gentle hair color?
Mally foundation question!?
My mom bought me a jacket and I dont like it .?
How can I improve my fashion blog?
How do i get rid of this ombre on my hair?
Help please, about this owl back pack from Japan?
Should I spend something my farther have me? Plz read!?
Should I order regular or 34 inseam?
How do I curl my hair like this?
Can you give honest opinion on my hair?!?
What kid of shoes does ronnie radke wear?
am i average pretty or ugly?? scale 1-10?
how long does gold plated jewelry last?
How long to leave in hair dye?
Are big hips and big thighs a good thing?
What do guys think of tattoos on a girl?
Is mid-breast hair considered long to you?
Best body shape and height?
Cartilage peircings Attractive?
What is my face shape?
How long does this nail polish last?
Should I get jordans? Any you would recommend?
How do you maintain healthy hair when you color and straighten it?
Serious hair help!!!!!!!?
Should I get almost 1000 dollar shoes?
How did you come to know of Skinlite as a skin lightening cream? who referred?
Which hair length looks better on me ?
what's your opinion on this dress?
I want to dye my hair smokey grey?
Are thongs comftable?
Are thongs comftable?
Black flats with gold studs with a long sleeve shirt with lace at the back and darkblue skinny jeans folded up?
how long do body sprays last? (expiration date)?
I need help choosing a spa in Los Angeles?
How to get healthier bleached hair? :)?
Bleached/damage hair recovery?
How can I get rid if acne?
Does anyone know what type of stone this is?
Need the name of this hoodie?
How should I get rid of bags and wrinkles under my eyes?
I really want these sweatpants but the price total is 50 where can I find similar ones?
I am really distrubed with my body?
Vaseline and Eyelash growth?
Store-bought suit for Formal?
Do skater hair guys usually have layered hair or one length?
Should I wax or shave?
Dress: yes or no??????
Pink eye;( what makeup do I throw away?
If i get a tattoo will it stretch out badly when i work out?
Makeup help!!!! Im in 8th grade?
What is my jean size/how much weight should i lose?
Is it bad to not comb your hair?
Can I polish acrylic nails this way? Or that way?
can I still get heelys?
Plaid Shirts with no Sleeves?
Vaseline on eyelashes for growth?? EXPERIENCE PLEASE :)?
Should I change my hair color?
My daughter wants to wear makeup!?
what do i wear with navy blue sweat pants?? for school?
How do I easily clean a tattoo behind my ear?
Should I straighten my hair?
How much makeup should I wear in 7th grade?
Zoya color your world nail polish event?
Can you put two different hair dyes on top of each other?
I have super straight hair, if I sleep on it in a braid will it look okay?
New bellybutton piercing fell out?
Do stores online or in stores replenish sizes after they run out?
My nails are ugly and I need help?
15 year old getting a tattoo?
Beauty Guru Video Ideas?
How do I make my feet look nice?
My nails are ugly and I'm about to dance with someone?
Homecoming dress too puffy?
Does it hurt a lot to get the piercing below the lip?
Best way to strip out demi permanent black hair dye out fast?
Are Silk Pyjamas Sexy?
What size would I be in a 14 for skinny/slim jeans ??? URGENT SALE ENDING?
Soo, I washed my hair about 12 hours ago. I use Pantene for all hair types.?
My belly button piercing healed too well?
How to properly apply cologne.?
CLEAR MASCARA TIPS?? :)?
what are good clor dresses for a male to felmale cross dresser?
Topshop shoe sizing help!?
Will girls make fun of my extensions? Going to a new middle school soon!?
Lets swap clothes this second what would i end up wearing?
Grey sweatpants with chiffon?
What is too much makeup?
(Girls) Would this look stupid?
Would it look alright to wear black combat boots or no?
Will a keratin treatment stop natural hair from reverting when wet?
Donating Hair to Locks Of Love But Donated By A Child?
Becoming a victoria's secret model?
Reasons for rapid premature aging skin at 17-18?
I acidentally shaved half of my eyebrow off, I go to school in the morning and I want to look normal, how?
Nose Piercing closed up on the inside?
is it ok for guys to trim their pubic hair? girls only?
Leather or wool coats?
How to remove a hickey?
What are the main requirements for victoria's secret models?
Should I wear a bikini?
Poll :: Which of these hoodies looks the the best?
Poll :: Which of these hoodies looks the the best?
Guys ONLY! Are curves sexy?
What is it like to be a victoria's secret angel or pink model?
Can a 14 year old who lives in Ohio get a tattoo with parent consent?
Are my teeth bad? (pic) :(?
What will make my hair grow faster?
Tall girls that wear shorts shorts told NOT to wear them because they are tall, wtf?
what size would fit me?
Wearing a cup to make em look bigger?
Should I use liquid foundation?
What kind of a dress would look good on me?
Is it dumb to wear cargo shorts and a hoodie?
Should it be safe to pierce my ears again?
I'm 13 yrs old, 5'1 and weigh 98 am I too skinny?
Does my nose fit with my face?
Nipple piercing need help?
I want to find a big purse with lots of compartments?
what is a really cute hairstyle for me?
I want to find a big purse with lots of compartments?
what is a really cute hairstyle for me?
what to wear with a black dress on my birthday?
Planning on stretching my ears?
what hair cut should i get?
What color nail polish would look good this time of year?
What kind of clothes would look best on me?
What to wear with tube top in Winter?
Does Love Culture accept paypal?
Should I go back to blonde? What will happen??
my school wont let me dye my hair unnatural colors?
What should I do about my rejecting piercing?
help! i need to get these pimples off my face?
Why is my bra size seem so big ?
What are some good eyeshadow palletes?
Is it ok to wear knee high boots in Sydney around May?
Opinions on newsprint nails?
How can I make my shirt bigger?
what are huf socks???
How often can I straighten my hair?
Am I too young to wear a bikini?
I WANNA HEAVY METAL BANDS SLEEVE!! FEEDBACK?????
What type of color for shorts goes well with this T-Shirt?
How to wear this jacket?
what are some things with hydrogen peroxide that you can put in you're hair to brown you're hair a bit?
Im insecure about my apperance:( help?
how do I put a tattoo on with papermate pen so it will stay on?
Should I Get a Nose Piercing and Spiderbites?
How to get longer eyelashes?
Which shirt should I wear?
Does this outfit match? Help please!?
My brother wants to use proactive or x out and he's a ten year old boy.?
Should I wear this tomorrow?
is it ok to wear tights to homecoming?
How much is it to use a tanning bed?
Should I wear a long or short dress to prom and what color? Please help somebody?
How do I make dark blue jeans into light blue?
Does Mac or sephora have better quality makeup?
Best Shampoo Brand To Prevent Red Color Fade?
2 Rings that make one?
Do you think men can look good in women's clothing?
Arched/Pointy Eyebrows..? :3?
Where can I Find Air Jordan Raptor 7s at that are real and not so expensive?
How fast does mane and tail make your hair grow?
What is better lip gloss, lipstick, or lip stain?
What do you think is the apropriote age to start wearing make-up?
How to get better at doing makeup?
Where can I buy mane and tail in nz?
Very stubborn chapped lips?
hairstyle ideas for school?
Does anyone know of a good anti-wrinkle cream for eyes? (for diminishing wrinkles)?
What goes with khaki jeans and white converse?
Jeans Sizing Help: Nothing Quite Fits?
makeup ideas for school?
Dyed my hair dark, i HATE it.. Questions!?
MUFE foundation shade comparison?
What is her hair color?
What size is extra medium?
How to get more follows on blogger help!?
Does anyone know of a soft mascara?
Should I get the strapless bombshell bra or the regular one from Victoria secret ?
How to fix the bump on my nose?
HELP! Used Color Oops to get purple out of my hair and turned it blue!!?
how to make buckteeth noticeable?
Am I growing my hair out right or wrong?
Should I get my ears pierced?
Would this vest look good with hoodies and non flannel?
MY NIPPLES ARE TOO DARK?
how to get short grunge hair?
Braiding your hair helps it grow? Does it damge it?
Oakley Lbd Sunglasses?
could i go to pastel pink with bleach in a day if i have bright pink hair ?
What should I do to make myself more attractive?
Hyperhidrosis help!!!!!!! 10 points?
Is biting your nails harmful?
How long does your hair have to be to get extensions?
What's it like using a tanning bed?
Pants sizing from Asos.com?
should i text her again?
where can I find this?
I rubbed my tattoo 6 hours after I got it did I ruin it!?!?
Etsy organic and vegan/cruelty-free products.?
What do I do? I ruined my friendship?
No show socks with high tops?
what color scarf goes with black and grey striped shirt?
What bed spread should i get?
what color scarf goes with black and grey striped shirt?
No matter what I do my makeup go\s oily by then end of the day!!?
what are the best clothes to wear with my body shape?
aeropostale return policy?
How to get rid of uneven leg tan?
Why cant i find any info?
brown military jacket style?
Hand, pierced into it, pull it out how to do?
Do youy think that this will look right to wear?
I neeed help with new leggings !?
my nose piercing is sore and has crust stuff around it?
black top with black leggings?
Infected Navel Piercing?
http://www.shapeskins.com/?
Is my morning makeup routine good?
what tights/jacket should I wear with a navy blue dress?
Concealer .VS. Foundation?
MY SEPTUM IS INFECTED?!?
How can I buy a pair of Jordan retro 11 lows on release date?
What to wear Tomorrow?
What should I wear to a dubstep concert in winter?
What is the cheapest Mens Rolex in current production.?
Victora's secret push up bra?
How can I define my natural curls?
EU shoe size to US shoe size?
Any good makeup brands? Either high end or drug store. Also, what are some of your favorite products of theirs?
When to change belly bar!?
what happens to a split nutron?
can you dye teal over blue hair?
I realize every artist prices differently, but can anyone give me a ballpark estimation of the cost of this?
Why can't my blackheads go away?
Clothes/Outfits from Just Dance ?
How popular are ball gown prom dresses?
What exactly is a brazilian wax?
ear cartilage piercing?
can you dye teal over blue hair?
I hate being short anyone else?
Curling wand sounds... normal?
I'm looking for an intricate maroon dress?
Modelling? tgink normal sized people should be able to flaunt it too?
Has anyone ordered shoes from cheap shoe sales . Net?
Ughhh I don't know how to impress this guy!?
how much would it cost to get these clothes tailored?
Do these sandals look good?
Will using Men's Shampoo damage my hair since I'm a woman?
Online shopping!! Please help!!?
What do I wear for a glow party?
Wearing a regular bra and a sports bra everyday?
What color is this eye?
What color is this eye?
How to turn ugly hair dyed to better. ?
Is it okay to just wear a sports bra to practice ?
I have terrible hair. Please help!?
How can you make your own chino pants out of denim jeans?
What hair color is this?
Dying hair from light brown to white?
Should I get dreadlocks? How should I go about getting them?
College graduation outfit?
What is this braid style called?
How to make a huge football jersey look good?
Long eyelashes on guys? Does girls like them?
what is this hair styles called?
I want this iPhone case but my mom says it's too girly... I'm a fifteen year old guy.?
Which of these BCBG casual dresses do you like best?
Which of these BCBG casual dresses do you like best?
What do I sketch my own tattoo ideas onto for the tatoo artist to then use?
Is buying hair heating curlers worth the money at a thrift store?
neck dermal with a bikini?
automatic Leval swiss made watch?
Hair color advice needed!?
what shoes do I wear with a solid green babydoll top?
Where can I buy women's neff beanies?
Burberry coats for a teen????
How to convince my parents to get me Uggs?
what type of shampoo is best for my hair?
Why do some girls let beauty get to their head?
does this scarf look good helpp please?
What shoes would go with this dress?
Medicated Chapstick from Walgreens? Answer ASAP please ?????
Can I make a temporary tattoo from a drawling?
What can I do with my window?
why is being lightskin so important?
Do you need to be a certain age to buy lingerie at charlotte russe?
What is the best tattoo ointment for aftercare?
how to shave your vagina without getting spots?
How good is the EcoTools 6 Piece Brushes kit?
Why is being lightskin glorified so much?
What color shoes will go best with this dress?
Why do lingerie models always shave their pubic hair?
How can i get 360 waves with straight puertorican hair?
HELP!!!! Outfit for an under 18's nightclub?
How good is a 30 minute UV sunbed session?
Will my dad notice if I stretch my ears one size bigger?
how will you style this cardigan?
Mens Sizes in Sweaters?
How do I get the swelling of a new lip piercing to go down fast?
why am I so Ugly?????????
Nose retainer during surgery?
Does anyone know any amazing tattoo artists?
Lightening my hair, then dying it?
(Women Only) What would you think of a guy shopping for jeans at the women's area at Macy's?
Can you wear a solitaire ring on right hand?
Mac cosmetics - ordering online?
What are some clothes that a guy wears that would make you think he's gay?
I have had my tattoo for two days and it has started itchin very bad why is it itchin so bad now and how long?
How can i do my hair on my farewel..?
Do acrylic toenails look good?
are there any back dermals that ARE NOT permanent?!?
I'm looking at getting another pair of havianas, what colour.?
Vegetable-based hair dye with natural colors and no mixing?
will i get this in time??
What is my eye Shape?
Dark circles under my eyes?
Do acrylic toenails look good?
Where should I get my first tattoo?
What Ear Piercings Look Good With Stretched Ears?
Can i take a shower with a new tattoo if I did put certain things on it to protect it from the water? any help?
Prom dress help?!?!?!?
Best foundation for oily skin?!?
Any of the cocoa butter product that fades scars and make skin more supple?
How tall should a model be at 14?
Pluck my eyebrows or wax?
Can I use green tea as a makeup setting spray?
how can I get a job as a makeup artist?
Is it good to dye my hair frecuently?
What side to get my nose pierced? And other questions about nose piercings?
Help with African American hair?
Am I ugly to be a plus size model?
What color shirt would go with green pants?
I just want long hair! :(?
Anti Bully Tattoo Ideas?
does this scarf look alright?
Where can I buy a graduation dress for my 6th grade graduation?
Powders:Rimmel, Maybelline, Physians Formula, or Covergirl?
wella Toner on red hair?
How do I make my nails stronger?
How to make eyeshadow and liquid foundation last longer?
How can i un-frizz my hair?!?
How do I give myself a make over?
Which of these BCBG cocktail dresses do you like best?
I'm 5'7\, could I fit into an abercrombie kids size s?
Who is your favourite fashion model, and why?
Is it weird to wear earrings everyday?
My skin is red and feels hot after I used a skin firming lotion?
What colour should I dip dye my hair? :)?
Hair color and hair extension problem please help?
Can you buy natural hair oil / sebum?
Where to buy cheap dress shirts?
my fringe looks rubbish?
how can I get a red burgundy hair color?
Whats more expensive Versace or Louis Vuitton?
I feel more comfortable in sweats than a dress?
Question about stretching ear?
Is there bleach in the loreal hicolour hi lift browns?
Face/Neck/arms/legs darker then my body?
What diameter size for a fitted nose ring?
Please help me choose between one of these two flat irons?
Is this length hair too long for a girl?
How do I pluck my eyebrows without hurting?
Gemstone recomendation?
How do i get lotion out of my book bag?
What is the best high coverage foundation?
I want to dye my tips, what salons dye hair?
What is the best high coverage foundation?
I got two piercings and I fear they're both wrong!?
Does eyeshadow last three years or six months?
I want to dye my hair red velvet but i don't know where to start.?
Dying hair with roots! Xx?
What would you call this hair color (easy pts!)?
here do i find this dream dress?!?
How to take a good selfie? (male)?
Red to Light Brown/ Dark Blonde?
How can I make my nails grow quicker?
Returned something and have proof shop have ignored me for two months.. what do i do?
I had my ears pierced a few years ago but they closed over the earrings. could I have them re pierced?
are layers a good idea?
I had my ears pierced a few years ago but they closed over the earrings. could I have them re pierced?
what shape jaw do i have?
Please help me with an outfit?? for a party?
Is it possible for your skin to regrow over a new tragus piercing?
Changing bras in PE class going too far?
How old does this haircut make me look?
I'm opening a new hair salon and can't come up with a name ??
Is miss sporty makeup good?
How can I grow my hair fast?
Opinions on my new hair color?
How to get a big butt?
I am bi-racial and I need to know what hair care products to use for when I wear my hair curly and straight?
How can I make my hair more curly?
How long are you in the shower for? (((Sorry for being a bit personal)))?
Help with really good concealer foundation and mascara?
is it a complement when a guy says I have French lips?
I found the perfect prom dress online but it's so expensive what can I do?
Stretched ears and healing?
Which of these black and white wedding gowns do you like best?
I got new nike blazers for Christmas and I don't know what to wear them with?
How to grow my hair faster!?
Need online shopping site details where they send 2 or 3 dresses for trial?
does getting your bellybutton pierced hurt?
i have a question about these glasses.?
How to remove vaseline from makeup brushes?
Will my hair turn orange?
prom dress for my body type?
My Tattoo is pelling?
I want to have my....?
Which cardigan should I get?
what color heels should I give them?
Hip Piercing Help me?
How to tell if a Jordan shoe is fake?
maternity clothing line name ideas?
Outfits to go with my new jacket?
I want to cosplay but can't make my own costumes...?
Why do so many people say ted bundy was handsome?
can you find me a lookalike?
Are these Jordan shoes fake & what's your opinion on them?
I want to get my third hole percied?
I have a dark spot or circle near my mouth is that bad?
Shoe height question?
What do you think of Tiffany & Co glasses?
Ok I have a pic of a girl. And I don't know what color her cloths should be?
Dry, brittle, damaged hair :(?
do I get a receipt when I order online stuff at hollister?
Where can I buy big size ugg boot copies or just any boots like them? (Girls)?
Where to buy cheap girl rings?
Which dress is prettiest for prom (on me)?
Left eyebrow has grown back more than the right?
What's the name of this haircut help please?
what color shoes or boots other than grey would look good with a light grey and white striped sweater? p?
What's the name of this haircut help please?
does proactive really work?
What is good to remove blackheads from nose?
Can someone help me withdark circles?
Getting rid of blackheads, help?
what should a guy wear on a first date?
What shade/name would you call my blonde hair?
Does it hurt to get your ears pierced further up your ear?
Which of these BCBG gowns do you like best?
How to get rid of bingo wings?
Why is my hair turning black?
What do you think about this sweater?
What is my faceshape? And can you find me a lookalike?
Good Drugstore Concealer?
my is my hair falling out?
Nisim fast (hair growth)?
Which Marc Jacobs watch should i buy?
What's my style and how could I improve it?
what colour dress should i buy to go with a burgundy suit?
Getting boxed dye out of bleached hair?
Should I stick to the same size when buying Jordans?
Does a jean vest match anything?
Where to buy non-see through leggings??
How should i ask for my hair to be cut?
what are the nike shoes that look like jordans?
Should I get a pair of Timberland boots?
What do I apply on first; powder, concealer, and primer?
How to make my hair grow really fast?
Date and price gruen swiss watch serial number 269?
How is this hair style achievable?
Can I dye my hair once I've already dyed it?
Rash developing around my tattoo?
What colour hair suits green eyes?
how can I get my natural hair colour back?
Red hair to dark brown?
Need Help Finding New Jeans?
How to get shorter????
Black hair to red hair?
how can I improve my website?
Period Question??????
which coat option do you like better?
Do you think highllights would look good on me / my hair?
Do many famous women wear pencil skirts?
How do I stop biting my nails?
How to cure chapped hands fast?
A good eyecream for wrinkles & dark circles?
Is there anything I could to do make my eyebrows grow back faster?
How to wear this sheerish maxi dress?
Is anyone looking to buy any artistry products?
how do i get volume in my hair parting?
Is it too late for me to fix my acne scars?
Duac once daily gel...im freaking out please help?
how do I become a fashion designer?
Do you guys, use any beauty products?
Is this normal for a belly button piercing?
Why can't i tumble dry my Skinny jeans?????
I two toned my hair a while ago but I need help?
I'm a guy that wears thongs?
Parts of my tattoo still hurt?
what do you think of this for a prom dress?
My hair gets greasy so fast help?!?
what can I wear to a grease pyjama party?
What do you think of this shirt?
Can I still get my belly button pierced?
How to get longer and healthier nails fast?
Should I get bangs (photo)?
Has anybody ever tried Bustmaxx or any other breast enhancement product?
Which of theses wedding dresses do you like best?
Did I apply my eyeshadow right? Opinions?
Does powder foundation clog pores?
How do i get my hair straight?!?
So what should I use to clean my face?
16 yr daughter (bi-racial hair) is ruined. Someone over processed it to where it has fallen out in areas?
Which of these dyes match this hair colour ?
Benifits and non-benifits of having a perm?
How can I apply corrector to my crooked nose please help?
What should I wear with it?
What face shape do I have?
How to keep my hair in better condition?
Curly hair problems...help?
how do I get rid of ingrown hairs and black marks on my private area ?
Is this an awkward picture of me?
Good makeup products?
What to wear with tartan leggings?
Does your look change as you get older?
Hi everyone! I have a question about shampoo?
How do you become a wedding dress designer?
I burnt myself with a curling wand. Help? Pleasee!?
Would a middle part look good on me?
how to get rid frm hair fall?
Question about female genital piercings?
Marc Anthony Bye Bye Frizz Help?
Which one of these necklaces should I get for my boyfriend?
How can i dress up like this for a prank?
HAIR : Have any of you ever seen great results with a hair improvement diet?
Would a middle part look good on me?
(I'm a guy) What kind of concealer should I use?
tl me the best face wash in indian whether?
What colour would you say this hair colour is?
Beauty blog name ideas please!?
How would you describe my clothing style?
Why do i have so much split ends? And breakage?
Help with growing hair back? Tips?
why do Iook so ugly in photos but good in the mirror?
Will my beard colour even out?
Wash out hair dye????
Considering getting a nose job... Will people notice?
What alternative lip ring can I use?
How to make my hair grow faster! HELP!?
Recommend Powder blue Jordans?
Where can I get a replica of Miley Cyrus phone case. (Image included)?
Will using a tanning bed help even out my skin tone?
Growing hair back out? Doing it right :/?
what would my boob size be ??!!?
what would my boob size be ??!!?
How to straighten hair right out of the shower?
How should I wash my face in the morning?
Small wrists, big ankles?
How do you redirect you L nose ring piercing?
Do I have a big nose ? Please answer?
Would I suit swing dresses?
Lips go dark when dry?
What is the best foundation for my skin type?
Would this work? (dying hair blond then brown later?
Where can I find this dress?
how to dye my hair from purple to blonde?
How can I get my hair thick and not so frizzy?
The top hole of my belly button piercing is red?
Can I Polish my French tips?
What is the smallest bra size Pink carries???
how to get very thick Spidey lashes with one mascara?
I have curly hair and i am wondering about good products?
Elizabeth Arden or MAC foundation?
what goes with a pink shirt with gold on it?
Woman Poll: Do you use a claw clip or a ponytail band to hold your hair up or it varies between the two?
Cheap Jack Wills style clothes?
is it ok to put leave in conditioner in your hair after you deep conditioned your hair?
what is the neckline or dress called that oprah winfrey is wearing ?
I have to dress \Business Casual\?
Getting rid of dark under eye circles?
how do you spot if its a real or fake kaye spade bag on ebay?
How to make breasts bigger?
How to not look Asian?
How long do mac make overs take?
Why are some people so beautiful?
Does anyone know where to find this charm?
Is it okay to box dye my hair?
Can I use mixed splat hair bleach later?
what is the best treatment for a cartilage polyp?
How to not look scene/emo?
Are freckles attractive?
how to get beachy waves? with no heat?
Dying black hair brown?
what color are my eyes?
do you see the new collections of wedding dresses?
Are henschel leather hats any good?
Which of these sweater dresses do you like best?
Benefit High Beam Skin Illuminator - Any cheaper dupes?
Shaved head not sure?
Have you tried L.A colors makeup?
what shape am i ? pear banana hourglass?
My Nail is growing different!?
If you wear all of your evening clothes for about 2 times a year - do you consider they are worth to have?
How long should I leave this in my hair?
The more I wash my hair the dryer it gets?
How can i fix my split ends?
Which color should I paint my nails?
Nits, school, boyfriend, DISASTER !! Help !!?
What do you think this tattoo means? I like the design but I jut can't figure out the story to it?
Why does my lip piercing still hurt?
Is there a way to take writing off a shirt?
How to make my hair more ropey?
Most pigmented eyeshadow and lipsticks are from...?
how long should it take to wash a womans hairs?
How to cover up freckles?
makeup and hair tips for a college student?
What can I use to wash my foundation brush?
Do blondes look better in black or white?
How to wear less makeup.?
Buying makeup non drugstore?
what shoes are these?
Cant tell if my Dr.Martens are FAKE?
Could I pull off the Taylor laurner hair style?
Is 20 too young to get a tattoo?
There is something danging out of my butt!?
What hair color should I get?
Why does Kim Kardashian's butt keeps looking bigger and bigger in every pic?!?
Girls street/urban clothing brands?
Any good Womans Clothings Sales?
What does a toner do?
How to shampoo dry hair/ what shampoos reccommended?
how long does it take for navel piercing to close up?
how to remove acne and marks?
Any street/urban clothing brands that are any good?
Would this look \too much going on\?
Would you wear a coloured wedding dress?
Is it easy to cancel a Birchbox subscription?
Women clothing online shops?
can my eyes change colors over time?
I have a round face, should I get a pixie cut?
Where's a good place to get job interview clothes?
Does iron deficiency cause hair loss?
Is hype clothing any good?
women - in which country do you think women wear the sexiest bikinis?
Do long boots look good with jeans?
Where can I get NICE boots in a synthetic leather/vegan material? (ones similar to the one below?)?
how do i measure these bras to find out what size they are?
Where is the best place to get a tattoo on long island?
Can you paint acrylic nails with regular nail polish?
Why does all foundation..?
Hollister sweatpants? Ill answer yours.(:?
I have a round face, should I get a pixie cut?
Getting the right foundation shade at drugstore?
Formal dehyde free straightening treatment?
What shoes look good on size 7 feet?
How are the Charles Manson and Gertrude Baniszewski case similar?
Need help for dying my hair !?
How do I fix my ugliness?
Opinons of my beauty blog?
What do you think of this dress?
Good pierce the veil shirts and hoodies for girls?
Which color top looks better with this blazer?
wedding dress problems! please help?
What clothes look best on pear shaped bodies?
What to wear with pink skull yoga pants?
Soap vs. Body Wash: which smell stays on longer?
What would most label me?
Can I chemically relax my own hair if I bleached it a month and a half ago?
Can you buy scalp exfoliators and moisturizers like you can for the face?
going to friends Bat Mitzvah! HELP?
A big mistake that left scars?
What gauge size should I start out with? and what kind of gauge?
How old do I look in this pic?
How often do I have to use Face Masks?
I left in my nail polish for too long and now I have a black stain on my toe. Help?!?!?
Should I buy the Naked 3 Palette?
How much do surface hip piercings and venom bites normally cost?
I'm a\ginger\, but why do I tan REALLY easily?
Why are collars formal?
Guys, do I look good with long hair, and is my appearence in general okay?
Girls, do you like this jumper for a guy......?
How do you cope with a haircut that is too short?
How do you cope with a haircut that is too short?
girls please answer,period like cramps but no period.?
I always straighten my VERY THICK hair when I go to school. Any other ideas?
What gets rid of freckles/covers up freckles?
tattoo idea for brother ?
Do uggs run big or small?
Which skirt should I wear today for lunch with friends and then shopping?
Suggestions on stores or websites that sell dresses for women with large breasts?
Does my hair look better layered?
My brand new sperrys got scratches on them and I can't fix it?
which lipstick she wore in this url pic...?
have NYX square eye shadows been discontinued?
is my hair long and can i get it longer and how?
Cat Valentines Hair Color!?
Makeup Question! Help Me! :(?
Has this ever happened to your belly button piercing!?
Why do only cheap brands of skincare and makeup be advertised on tv and not high end brands such as M.A.C ?
Women - when you want to dress to impress - what do you wear?
What is the type of jean that im looking for?
What face shape do I have? I confused?
Create a picture which can be spray tanned over to leave white bits?
Is this a good dress design?
Haircut help?!?!?!?!?!?!?
What pomade should I use for my hair?
people say I look rough without makeup. opinion?
which shorts are more suitable and stylish to wear during the summer time?
How she contoured highlighted and put blush?
Ladies, do you like v neck t shirts on men?
When you put moisturiser on your face at a young age does it ruin your face when your older?
Would a 5'6-5'7 guy fit inseam 32 size Regular?
Could argan oil make my eyelashes grow?
Will a soft iphone 5/5s case from Victorias Secret fit an iphone 5c?
Which length looks better? Short, medium or long?
Original and powerful name for fashion/clothing shop?
Something happened to my Tragus piercing? Help?
Which bag is a more attractive, the Botkier or the Kate?
Can't get a completely clean shave?
Hey Joe Schmoe it really was Taco Bell you perv?
what shape of jaw do i have?
i bite my nails what colour nail varnishes should i use?
How often should i use a face mask?
My hair is naturally curly. It becomes fluffy and frizzy when it dries helpp?
what is my shoe size?
What looks good with black skull leggings?
what to wear for a marriage party ?
Should I taper up before inserting 2g tapered plug?
Where can i buy cloaks like in once upon a time?
How do get a yellow stain off of a white bra?
Should I get a wig? And is it strange to wear a wig 'over' hair?
What makeup should I use to correct these things?
I am 21 years old,my hair is thin and also having a hair loss problem please help me with good medicine and vi?
Does bleach ruin hair?
how to cover up a big pimple?
Do inner wrist tattoos fade..?
What shoes shuld i get?
*10 POINTS FAST!!* what style should I shop for and what store?
How Do You Use This Makeup Product?
Should I hate him, your opinion?
how to stop hair fall within a week?
how to make your hair black?
How to make face tone brighter in 2 weeks? please read details.?
Need help finding my size for Burberry?
Do I have a large nose, because I want a nose job? (Pictures)?
where can i find kat von d make up in the uk?
I need hairstyles tht need only bobby pins?
What Makeup Is This?? (picture)?
How much money should I bring to the mall?
Should I lose some weight?
Are Oakley sunglasses cheaper in America?
need help will give 10pt thanks?
I need to cover orange hair?
going shopping not sure what to get?
Can I use my shoulder to get my pants size?
Is it normal for the jewel on your nose stud to fall off ?
How do you think Kim Kardashian looks without makeup on, truthfully?
dreadlocks poll (only for people who have had dreads?
Can you help me find a formal gown that looks similar to this (link)?
Can I mix two box hair dyes for a different shade?
WHAT BOOTS SHOULD I GET? TEN POINTS?
Would a 5'7 Guy fit inseam 32 size regular pants?
What are some really good foundations?
Fashion help: Is this a good outfit for a guy on a first date?
Where can I get good hair extensions?
Why is my hair suddenly greasy for no reason?
Is 1000 mcg of biotin enough?
Shampoos that promote hair growth for girls?
Cute, majestic and some-what sexy hairstyles?
How bad would it be to dye my hair the day after?
Is oily skin/hair a symptom of hormonal imbalance?
Is it weird if a parent's friend has a childish tattoo?
Why are my lips always chapped?
I have bright green eyes. Is it plain boring?
Lets swap clothes this second what would i end up wearing?
I have started noticing some hair thinning/loss at my temples over the past few months?
Lets swap clothes this second what would i end up wearing?
you know how when you straighten your hair and your curls start to go away?
How much would a tatto like this cost?
would i have to bleach my hair? 10 points?
How can I remove or make my eczema scars fade?
TO THE GUY WHO KEEPS SAYING I LOOK LIKE MONA LISA?
Transitioning to natural hair?
Should i bleach my hair!?
Would I get good results from sleeping with my hair completely loose and damp?
Who is the model in this picture?
Best place to get a dress for a wedding?
is it ok to wear briefs?
Tiny little bumps on face?
my butt has dents from injections, what SURGERY SHOULD i DO TO CORRECT IT?
Where can i take my leather jacket to have patches removed and new ones sewn on?
Should I cut my hair into a lob?!?
What r the best clip-in extensions & is it better to get pre coloured ones or buy a natural colour & dye them?
Mahogany L'oreal casting creme gloss hair dye?
what is your school makeup/morning routine, girls?
I pierced my own nose I have a few questions?
How to get a nice messy bun?
question about sunbeds?
my uggs ripped, how do i fix it?
advantages and disadvantages of wearing briefs?
Ingrown hairs and bumps?
My friends are always trying to change how I dress.?
Im A 19 Year Old Boy, I Would Like To Buy Some Womens Clothes !!?
Dupe for Story of Flower Red?
Does hair get easier to straighten as it grows longer?
Why is my hair falling out!?
Where to get measured for a prom dress?
What do the dress codes actually mean?
Nose piercing gone wrong?
How to get nice beach waves overnight?
hair bleaching, hair colorong & hair rebond?
*10 POINTS FAST!!!!* what are some ways to get my hair healthy?
Which shoes do you like the best?
My hair is falling, is this normal?
What happens if you pierce your nose 5-6 times?
im going to america in a month, im buying makeup, lots:) where to i find coupons or make it the cheapest i can?
Girls opinion on manscaping?
Does Dorlene Herbal Firming Bust Cream really work?
Can't stay at one job longer than a month?
How do i take out my tragus piercing?
i m 5'8\ and my complexion is on the darker side , will i be able to get a girl ?
Would it be a good idea to buy shoes one size bigger?
wedding outfit - does this look ok?
Should I be worried about my lip piercing?
Should I be worried about my lip piercing?
Rebonding at home solution?
What wrist do you wear your watch on?
where can I find a Yellow hoodie with black stripes?
What is an easy way to make grey hair look black?
Why is it not acceptable for guy to remove leg hair?
Can I return a shirt I bought with a gift card and get cash back?
Can I wear this combination?
How to grow my hair as fast as possible?
Mac makeup website! Link included?
How to get your parents to not make me to cut my hair?
what are these called?
i don't have any idea how to grow taller. help me pease.?
Do I look non English?
How to get rid of dark circles under eyes?
are androgen blockers bad for treating hair loss?
How to persuede my parents to let me get dreadlocks?
How i get beautiful hair in natural way?
problems with perm!!!!?
what colour of shirt with skyblue jeans?
new makeup? feeling very insecure because of boyfriend lately?
If I order makeup on Amazon, Will I be able to send it back if I don't like it?
Legal age for a Tattoo in China?
What should I wear to a falling in reverse concert ?
How to grow hair faster?
Did hair dryer could harm my hair?
Do you think I'm decent looking?
Girsl please help !!!?
In hair transplantment, how hair is taken from the graft?
Is it okay to wear black cargo trousers at Shoe Zone?
Cost for a script tattoo?
Best brand for cowboy boots that ships to the UK?
Is waxing upper lip bad?
Is this what the lips of my Vagina supposed to look like?
What to wear when going on a date?
fly away hair problem?! Help??!?
Is the Ghd IV styler good?
Is there a way to change hair type?
Is there anything such as Anal bleach?
What singlet is it called ?
Jewellers - Cost to repair cufflinks (sterling silver)?
I have bi-racial hair (African American and Caucasian) and it won't grow! Please help!?
I have bi-racial hair (African American and Caucasian) and it won't grow! Please help!?
Why am I getting ugly?
Why am I getting ugly?
The lisbian can wear a dress?
What are some luxurious brands for iPhone and iPad accessories?
Who is this girl with bangs and red hair?
best treatment during hair fall?
What type of salt should I use to clean a new lip piercing?
what should i get for my friend?
Should I get a rose gold michael kors watch?
Push up bra or insert?
I started having pimples since 15years old now im 19 but they aint going away they are ruining my face?
Need help with my class ring?
Some of my cosmetic lotions were frozen in subzero temps. Are they still good?
Review of the CK one please? Is the scent strong like can smell from far?
Going to hawaii but not skinny enough for a bikini ?
tell me someone about any oil wich helps to growth hair ?
Are the EOS lip balms any good?
Fashion sense in india ?
Cant find clothes to fit?
Touchscreen leather gloves ?
Which of these shoes do you like the best?
Medium or Light Brown Hair (pictures)?
Should I cut my hip-length, dip-dyed hair?
Woman Poll: Do you use a claw clip or a ponytail band to hold your hair up or it varies between the two?
My Nails Are So Weak!?
any hair styles for medium length hair?
Is bio one glycolic acid cram 12% effective for minimizing pores in cheeks?
Where in Sydney stocks Sherri Hill formal dresses?
Girls, is Avon a good makeup brand?
What colour mens waistcoat?
Hair dying help please?
Hair dying help please?
Best ways to promote/advertise a new beauty channel?
How to look thin in tight clothes.?
How to make my soft hair naturally hard?
Questionnaire for Asian's vintage shopping?
Tattoo artist help how do I do this?
what necklace wil go with a black lace dress?
Dance coming up and I have major pimples! 10 points!?
What occasion to wear a crotchless pantyhose?
I'm a 10 will a 9.5 shoe Fit me?
What ring size is my husband?
Is my Tragus infected?
Good tattoo shops in Edinburgh?
Does anybody know where these rings are from?
Dark skinned down there? **LADIES**?
I hate my face so much?
Good box dye? FIRST TIME?
My hair is curly and only suit if i plaited or braided in coil..what can i do to make it straighten naturally?
I am thinking to get a birthstone tattoo on my ring finger. Is it okay or is it bad?
I've been wondering what is my actually eye color, so can anyone tell exactly what is the name?
how to make hair like this? (for men)?
dying my natural black hair with very light blonde or golden blonde?
What should i change about my hairstyle(pls help gurls)?
What is more popular, Armani sport code or eros by versace?
How can you do Till Lindemann's hairstyle?
What do you think of my hair colour?
is it really needed to put a white or plain toothpaste or it can be in any color to remove pimples?
Cruelty Free Acrylic Nails?
What's a good hairspray that doesn't harden hair?
How to remove faded Red hair dye?
eye is puffy?? READ BELOW. *PLEASE ANSWER ASAP*?
How to do a good high ponytail?
New Septum Piercing . . . Freaking out?
Tattoo peeling? Normal?
Help me match my clothes?
Do you think I have too many pairs of shoes?
How can I get a tan out in the sun fast?
skin whitening question. is this true ?
Brown dye over bleached hair... turned out too dark, how to fix it?
Have a big butt problem need help !!?
Does China use a different belt sizing method than the rest of the world?
Question about getting a cover-up.?
can black man change hair style? (straight/curly (?
What mascara should I use?
When will my body stop developing?
Really bad haircut, how to make it grow REALLY fast?
Will it be a problem if i use a flat iron everyday?
What can I do to keep my hair from frizzing throughout the day?
Can anyone find a suggestion to replace these shoes?
How to remove sunburn?
When can I bleach my hair again?!?
How to remove long time skin tanning from not taking bath using creams?
How can I improve my fashion blog?
HOW do I layer this top?
Sew a embroidered patch onto a bikini?
Beauty-Nickname for Ankita? (for youtube channel)?
How to cut emo bangs when it's kinda blunt-ish?
North Face OSO jacket?
which is better .-. I wanna get one of these?
What color eyes do you think these are?
What do you carry in your school purse??
which is better .-. I wanna get one of these?
Questions about Proper fitting bras?
which hair removal cream is the best is it olay, nair, veet, sally, or nad for facial and legs etc..?
bleeding gauges help??
Is my Gucci bag authentic?
What hurts more A nose piercing or an industrial?
How long do you think my hair will be by summer?
What color nails would look good with a red satin dress?
Which hairstyle suits inverted triangular/heart-shaped face shape?
Which chapstick is better Baby Soft Lips or EOS lip balm?
are these shoes cute?
is it possible for me to dye my naturally black hair blonde?
Black bra under see-through shirt? Trashy or stylish?
Really bad facial hair for girl..help? (pic)?
Would this help my hair? Or will something else will?
Where can I buy Paul Mitchell Tea Tree Special Shampoo in the Philippines?
How do I get my hair like tom welling from smallville?
Should I do the chop or not?!?!?!?
is it possible for me to dye my naturally black hair blonde?
How old do I look between the age 13-22?
Based on my picture how old do I look look to you?
How to go from cute to sexy/hot?
How would I do these hairstyles? Pictures below!?
Big Acne today! Photo tomorrow?
bumps on skin when hair starts to grow back?
Name suggestions ! Help!?
can rapidlash go directly on your eyelashes?
Girls help me please with this girl!!!?
What colour and accessories with this dress?
Best Men's skin care product?
How do I get my hair like Tom welling in smal?
What is with the curve of a hat's bill?
how long to wait to shave?
Types of piercings I want?
Parents won't let me cut my hair?
Diane brush or Crown?
Am I wrong for getting the shirt?
What do I use? Before an after tanning?
Nair hair removal burn?!?!? HELP ME?!!?!?
black flats with gold studs with a long sleeve shirt with lace at the back and darkblue skinny jeans folded up?
how to create jim halpert hair?
When does victoria secret semi annual sale end?
What should I replace my straightener with?
Do you think I'm pretty?
What is the appropriate amount of makeup for a 13 year old?
I really want to be a GIRLand i HATE BEING A GUY?
I Really want to be a GIRL and I HATE BEING GUY?
Does stretching work for growing legs longer?
I dont dont have enough money for new gauges.. is there something i can use around the house for them?
can you find the right foundation shade by holding up an old foundation next to it?
how to create jim halpert hair?
makeup help!! 14 year old!?
Which Korean BB cream is best for dry skin?
Has my foot fetish gone too far?
Pimples don't seem to go away?
13 year old wearing a push up bra?
How do I spike my hair like the guy in this picture?
Should I get a belly piercing?
New Conch Piercing Won't Stop Bleeding?
what color shoes with this sweater?
help with septum piercing?
which is the best body wash for women??
Haircut issues? Jim halpert hair?
Has anybody ever bought shoes from onejordans.com before? Do they at least look like the real thing?
Should I lose some weight?
Girls: Are Rain boots comfy?
Could I pull off a septum piercing?
Want to get a tragus piercing...?
How many bundles of weave?
When is the best time to wax?
Does anyone here make YouTube Videos (Beauty Gurus)?
Belly Button Piercing (2 Months) is it infected? Please help?
Where are some good piercing places in Tallahassee , FL?
I am looking for a specifically structured wallet. What party might be able to satisfy my criteria?
Why does my stylist want me to use a permanent dye? I don't have many gray hairs.?
Red hair like Ariana Grande?
Miss Teen Ohio, what do I do now?
Which credit card design do you think is cuter? (pictures)? 10 pts?
Should I get bangs? Do you think these kind of glasses look good with bangs?
What hair color is this?
what color heels or best for a male to felmale crossdresser wearing a jean skirt?
Will a haircut like Jean Kirschtein work with wavy/curly hair?
Where can I get gamma blue jordan 11?
When Should I Take My Sew In Out? And How Do I Take Care Of My Hair Underneath The Sew In?
I want to dye my hair (whole head) white, but my mom won't let me...?
Can i turn light brown hair to a pastel purple ?
Can i turn light brown hair to a pastel purple ?
I need disney costume suggests for spirit week. :)?
What body type am I for clothing?
what hair color is this?
what hair color is this?
panty hose with open toe shoes?
What do you think prom/grad dress?
Bleaching then dying my hair like this? Highlights or just my ends?
Tips for my first time stretching?
BHH Factory Hair (Ali Express)?
What do I wear for ice skating with my boyfriend?(indoor)?
How To Train Your Hair Faster?
Help me find these sunglasses?
what do you think a male to felmale crossdreser wearing fake nails?
I'm going to Legian in Bali and I need to know any shops that make wedding dresses! help!?
Do these glasses look okay on me?
how can i look naturally gorgeous? any small details?
Which credit card design do you think is cuter? (pictures)? 10 pts?
Can a married woman wear very short shorts and sleeveless shirts?
What do you think of emerald green eyes.?
Which credit card design do you think is cuter? (pictures)?
my parents just died?
Do i have to detangle my hair every wash?
How do I get soft and spiky hair?
curly damp hair dry help?!?!?!?!?!?
/how to fix a broken zipper on pants?
Church and crush hair tips?
What would happen if i put leather polish on suede?
Will hair grow back after it was falling out of the root ?
Is it true that bleach can damage your hair to the point where it never grows back the same?
how to fix a broken wedged flipflop?
Buy 1 Get 2 Free On Puma Clothing & Accessories Rs. 0.0 @ jabong.com?
Hairstylist I messed up a clients hair and he threatened me?
How do I become a certified tattoo artist?
How to make it look like I cut my wrists?
What kind of hairstyling product was used in this photo (very interesting hairstyle)?
Blog type misunderstanding?
How to get side swept bangs ? Nice ones ?
Tall stores for teen girls?
Do hooded eyes/heavy-lidded eyes actually feel heavy?
best way to dye dreads?
Rue21 Employee Uniform?
Can anybody tell me about the jacket Tosin Abasi is wearing on the September 2013 issue of Guitar World?
Which sari shld i wear 4 my farewell...?
why didn't this hair dye color my hair?
Is there a cream hair removal product that has the same lasting effect as waxing?
Tumblr confidence blog?!?
why do american teens look older?
What can i wear with pink roshe runs?
How can I get back to my natural hair color?
Should I cut my hair short or let it grow out?
Is a banksy tattoo tacky?
Should I get bangs (photo)?
What is the difference jordan 11?
Need a way to hide the leg hair on my legs?
Best face wash and soap for removing tan?
Want a simple, cute, black purse?
Guys Only. Your opinion on dark arm and leg hair?
PLZ Suggest me a good shampoo for dandruff and hair loss? Nizoral or KZ lotion which is best in these two ?
Am I the only one obsessed haha?
Natural and simplest way to control hair fall?
t-shirt or sweatshirt? Which should I buy?
Are bansky tattoo's tacky?
What store can i get cheap Ralph lauren polo from ?
My black & gold dress for our winter formal , my date is gunna wear black dress pants , what color shirt/tie?
What store in the mall to get cheap high waisted pants?
Can you get high off of nail polish fumes?
How would I make my thick wavy hair like this?
Help me find this dress?
How to get skinnier? Tips please (:?
what to do on a boring cold day Saturday?
what colors look good with deep red?
What moisturizer do you use?
Any natural remedies to help your hair grow?
Are L shaped nose rings easy to put on?
how to STOP bitting ur nails? how could i STOP this Bad Habit?
What do you call this type of leggings?
Would Urban Outfitters Price Match?
how to know knock off bags ?
Which victorias secret panties are best for men?
Bleached hair help me!?
What kind of hair cut does dante from dmc have?
Black ribbed tank tops?
Oils good for hair? Coconut and olive oil?
How do I wash my hair without ruining my mascara?
Should I dye my hair dark brown?
Rosewater facial spray?
Can you get stuff added to a tattoo after the fact? Will it be obvious that stuff was added?
how much would this tattoo cost?
Is it better to get waxed or epilate yourself?
(To women who look like Victoria's secret models)If youre babyfaced and attractive guy, should you shave?
is it better to get waxed or epilate yourself?
Am I trying to grow my hair back out right or wrong?
Girls: Do you shave your thighs?
what color blonde is this?
is it okay to leave this in overnight?
How do i turn naturally curlly hair wavy?
Opinions on small boobs? Lol.?
is their any way to make my hair permedently curly?
Is it weird that I don't like thongs?
How can I make my skin white? 10 points?
How much is it to go to a salon and get your hair styled?
any female tattooers in greensboro?
How to get this color hair?
Whats a good straightener?
How to do makeup to look like a guy?
If I'm a 00 in American Eagle, what size jeans am I in abercrombie kids?
Should I be concerned for my industrial piercing?
I am repiercing my ear?
How to heal tattoo scarring?
Which shoes should I buy?
College ladies, shaving in community bathrooms?
anybody know what this is?
How can I grow my hair LONG?
What weight would you consider hot for a 5'5 girl?
In highschool, do people judge freshmans on the first day?
Best online makeup/beauty stores?
how to apply face and eye makeup?
How can I improve my fashion blog?
Okay girls, help me find some stores?
Wich are more popular right now sperrys vs Jordan's?
what makeup products should i use?
Which bikini is cutest?
My doc martens hurt A LOT?
cost for body piercing at mandala tatto studio in framingham,ma?
how long will it take for my belly piercing to heal?
How do I properly wear a bandeu?
Is this a swimsuit or?
Is my appearance unappealing?
What are some good stores with long maxi skirts?
What is the best gel or type of similar product for my Hair?!?
How much will piercing my own tragus hurt?
What are some good, natural looking contact lenses?
Im a girl but want to look even more feminine? Should I take estrogen pills or medication??
What are some ways of determining your skin tone?
Can my parents make me take out my piercing?
How to make eyebrows grow faster?
I need to get rid of my female mustache.?
how long will this take?
What's my fashion style?
piercing ears with earrings?
Curly hair + Gym Class!?
HELP HELP ! WHO KNOW THIS QUESTION ABOUT HAIR , ANSWER ME !?
I got fake nails and I am wondering several questions~ I have no mother to ask any longer?
Cupid Ring set or Heart & Arrow necklace?
what are some shoes stores ?
Should i get dreadlocks? Why/Why not?
Will there be new Chapstick Eos flavors?
Groomsmen colors and outfit ?
am I ugly for a 15 year old?):?
Where can I find and buy this Reebok pullover?
Is this bikini cute? Please answer! 10 points!?
How to dye hair w/o damaging it?
Help me choose between these two sweaters?
Is my Penis Adequate/Desirable Aesthetically?
my hair is natural and very soft, it holds no curls and it will not hold a style. help?
I want to dye my hair, but it grows so fast?
Any good foundation for skin?
How to not get thick hair?
Help me with my hair? Read more?
I need help and tips about dying my hair.?
What type/ color of a Prom dress would look good on me?
Should I stay blonde or go brunette?
Ear stretching question?
What type/ color of a Prom dress would look good on me?
What should I wear with shiny navy blue leggings?
piercing ears??????????
What color is my eyes?
make up products of 2013 youtube tag now yahoo asnwers tag?
What should I wear white shiny navy blue leggings?
Is Sally beauty open on sunday?
Double cartilage piercing?
Girls do you prefer guys to be waxed in certain areas (chest, thighs, and back) or be normal with hair.?
whats a fast way to get dreads(hair) to tangle or locks faster?
Anyone know of a good but inexpensive seamstress in Vancouver to have a graduation gown made? Vintage-themed.?
my hair still wont grow?
Turmeric powder for hair removal?
Can I use a hairspray for thin hair on thick hair?
i want to wear girly clothes?
Drugstore yellow toned foundation for Hispanic skin?
Chinese symbol for mum and dad, tattoo help?
Is it worth buying real pearl earrings as opposed to fake ones?
Should I get the naked 3 palette?
How to make your perm go away?
are timberland pit boss boots made in the usa?
Can you have an emo style, without actually being an emo?
So I have abnormal acne, and I have tried everything in stores, it works for a bit, than stops?
I wear size 32ddd bra, what size should I get on bikini tops? Medium or large?
Can black models find solid work outside of the US?
What eyeshadow would go best with a black dress?
Why do some girls wear shorts under their skirts and dresses?
why does my hair show up?
MEN: would you wear this?
Please Read Description/Details!?
What can a 30 volume developer do?
Is this brand of shampoo good?
How old do you have to be to get snake bites?
How do I get smaller lips (guys) ?
Do you think girls who don't wear make-up are pretty?
I just bought timberland boots?
Best drugstore concealer for dark circles?
How to make hairline grow back fast?
should I get a relaxer or extensions? I have African American medium short hair?
Anyone know where i can get a cheap nose job under 2k in Houston?
Are tiffany & co necklaces pure gold?
I am wearing a hot pick dress to prom but I don't know how to do my makeup?
Orange hair to blonde?
how can i write a review for justfab?
Do my eyebrows look to uneven/thin?
Things I need to know for contact lenses?
Is a large t-shirt and yoga pants acceptable?
What kind of brush should i use for foundation?
If I stop dying my hair will it go back to blonde?
Red blister by my belly button piercing?
How would you accessorize this formal dress?
What type of cold weather boot is this?
What to wear with the KD Away 2's?
Should i get dreadlocks? Why/Why not?
where to find a Firetrap Hunta Leather Jacket?
Amy Juergens hairstyle?!?
i wanna change my appearance but how?
What is this techno song?!?!?!?
can you shrink timberland boots?
What make up would suit me?
Help with finding Asha Mia model?
Tweezing thick bushy eyebrows?
My dress got taken in too tight!!?
Is medical tape safe to use to stretch ears?
Is it ok to have a bath and soak my tattoo now?
What kind of brush do i need for bronzer?
Does my tattoo look like the picture ?
Is it good or bad to not wash your hair for a week?
Hair loss, Rogain work?
How much does Mac lipstick cost?
Why are the diamond sweaters and stuff so popular?
How to use Hair Mask?
Is it odd that I don't wear makeup?
How to touch up roots and Ombre hair at the same time?
How to get into modeling?
Saggy breast. Please help?
what is my skin tone??
I just got my tongue pierced. When can I expect it to start swelling?
Should I wash my hair or wait another day?
dose kyccs.org give athentic shoes or fake replicas?
Is This a Good Style? (girls please answer)?
how would u dress me?
dreads are look more like an afro.?
H&M or Zara? Cant decide?
Your favorite purple lipstick?
Why doesn't lipstick look good on me?
Belly button piercing..whats going on?
Is Topman a luxury brand?
Nail Polish on Shirt?
VANS, KEDS OR CONVERSE? HELP ME CHOOSE!?
Is it ok to swallow eos lip balm?
Question about this feather tattoo?
Cinnamon Lightening Hair?
What color does jolen creme bleach turn black hair?
How much is a nose piercing?
Does anyone know what this is called (fashion)?
Hair styles like this?
What color does jolen creme bleach turn black hair?
Cute room decor please?
Barbizon modeling talent search?
how to hide the scar?
List websites for some dope clothing.!!?
Is it ok to spray cologne or body mist in your hair.?
What converse should I wear with this dress?
Why do hairdressers talk to me?!?!?
Is jessica rabbit black?
Which hair color is better? Black or blonde? (pics!)?
Why do hairdressers talk to me?!?!?
I'm becoming a hairdresser, what do I wear?
Best foundation for my skin?
Am I really that ugly? (10 points)?
should I turn natural or keep to relaxed hair?
Do Timberland Shoes run big or smaller?
Do girls care about moles on guys face?
Fairly cheap piercing place in Liverpool?
what is the latest fashion trends for 2014?
What is the best reliable website that sells real authentic shoes?
Are bucket hats washable?
how to get this hair (10 pts)?
Do you remove your flip flops at the movie theaters?
How to have nice smile lines?
Is my new tattoo good?
Why is it bad to get your tragus especially pierced with a gun?
What are some cute hairstyles to do that do not require the use of heat on my hair!?
customizable ear guages?
Have you ever thought somebody is really hot, from a distance but then see their face and they are not allthat?
what would you call these jackets and where would you find them?
Why cant I have cute emo hair?
whats the least painful piercing?
Best slip resistant shoe for restaurant?
MEN: would you wear this?
septum piercing yay or nay?
Have any of you girls done Ombre to your hair?
How can I look more sexy?
What color shirts/shoes go with blue jeans?
What are some good blue jeans? M?
Which Urban Decay Naked Palette should I get?
How to make boys hair grow faster?
Is this the color my vagina is supposed to be?
Would a khaki green (pea) coat go with blonde hair?
What kind of makeup is being used on this model?
I don't bruise easily...?
Recommended stores for teen girls?
Whooo do you find more atttractiveee. why?
Hair and beauty tips please :)?
How do i meet a women who likes wearing leather leggings ?
What hair color suits for indian brown skintone with black eyes?
GET TEXTURIZED/RELAXD HAIR TO NATURAL HAIR!!!!?
What hair color suits for indian brown skintone with black eyes?
What piercing should i get?
Why do women wear makeup?
Changed my hair, what age do I look?
Is it ok for my vagonal lips to be sore?
Urban Decay Naked Question Help !!!!!!Which one should i get next ?
Can you become bald from getting a buzz cut too much?
What hats are similar to stone island hats?
How can I make my eyebrows more prettier?
What's with the cross trend?
Questions about becoming a tattoo artist?
What size would I be?
What can this girl do to look beautiful naturally (with pictures)?
Did I clean my ear gauges good?
Best Drugstore Makeup Removers?
Planning to stretch my ears for the first time in 4 weeks, advice?
Would a stylist charge me extra to dye extensions?
How to hide my legs at the beach without looking weird?
can i wear a black crew neck with a denim shirt?
What kind of makeup is being used on this model?
how to bleach my hair w minimal damage?
Where can i find a dress to sois?
Is this healthy for my hair so far?
i need an answer soon pls?
How do I shave down there?
Why do I always want to be someone else?
should i dye my hair black blue in the sun is like blue but not strong blue or red or brown highlights ?
Should I go back to my hometown?
what is hard 6inches long has nuts and can make a girl fat?
Do Debenhems put the product that you're purchasing on the package label?
How should I do my make up?
are these gamma blue 11s fake or real?
does silver jewellry go with a black lace dress?
What goes with a white lace skirt?
Can I be a model if I'm short?
is shocking pink a good bridesmaid colour?
How should I handle my rude salon boss?
UD Naked or Naked 2 palette?
getting free sample with benefit uk order?
What's the name of the outfit this girl is wearing?
what should I do to add to this tat?
Is this Ralph Lauren real or fake?
Can I dye my bleached yellowy hair darker with this product?
Ash blonde to dark auburn hair?
FAKE TAN!! 10 points!!?
is this real prada? http://www.zealhandbags.net/products-PRADA_Saffiano_Leather_32cm_Two_Handle_Bag_BN0823_Bei?
Poll: Blonde, Brunette or Redheads?
What are some nice everyday shoes?
Can you get HIV/AIDS from a tattoo..?
Hair was wetted by rain water should I wash it?
What Mac Prep + Prime BB Balm am I if I am NW18 Powder Concealer?
If u dye my brown hair black will my roots look awefull when m hair grow back?
What will I look like when I'm older?
Necklace with three dots?
Using Clinique Bronzer for men will it affect my concealer?
Will manic panic hot hot pink show up on unbleached darkblonde/ light brown hair?
Girls and Guys: What do you think of my prom dress?
Trustworthy sites to buy clothing?
What type of jeans to wear with theses shoes?
Will I pass my hair follicle test?
how to make Victoria's secret pure seduction body mist last?
What is my MAC foundation shade?
Should I do this to my room?
good places to get pastel goth clothing?
where can i get a single silicone wristband and put my name on it for under £5?
Which boots are cuter?
Will heat make bleach work faster/better?
Warrior chick tattoo? Where to find?
Is dress link.com safe and real?
which prom dress do you like the most?
how to protect my hand tattoo at work?
Would my little sister fit in Brandy Melville?
What is my hairstyle called?
A couple questions on purity rings! (:?
Inside of my jeans are itchy, any way to fix this?
Do I look British (pic included)?
What colour should I dye my hair?
How long will it take for a jeweler to take 2 links off my watch?
Good foundation and makeup for teens?
Can I please have brown eyes advice?
Neutrogena Triple Moisture shampoo-any other similar shampoo's like it?
Do T-Shirts have the date they were made on them?
What is the best object to practice tattooing on?
What hair color would you call this (easy pts!)?
I Want A Tattoo Of My Dads Name Since He Past Away?
WHY ARE THE SIDES OF MY TONGUE SORE?!?
My crush? *10 POINTS BEST ANSWER*?
How can I convince my friends that I don't need to wear makeup?
Is it ok for a young guy to wear a skinny tie casually, with Jeans and a white shirt?
how can i get rid of really dry and itchy eyelids?
What piercing is this called?
how can i get rid of really dry and itchy eyelids?
why didnt this work !?!?
My belly button piercing is rejecting. Help!?
Jovani 171100? Similar dresses?
why is a concealer called eyeshadow concealer?
WhWhat kind of work boots should I get?
What colors go best with really fair skin?
What are some nice hairstyles for shoulder length hair ?
How do skinny jeans look on me? No? Yes? HELP?
What are some good skin lightening products?
I wear Glasses and want to wear eye liner.?
What is a good night routine for curly hair?
my face looks very different from last year?
i ordered my sister these shoes now i need some ideas of cute shirts to go with them.....she's 18?
Where to find a black longsleeve mesh dress?
What should I vlog about if I am already a fashion blogger?
Palladio Herbal Foundation or CoverGirl 3-in-1?
Which bikini is cutest?
What is the best material for stretching your ears if you have sensitive skin?
Hair won't hold dye anymore?
Conch piercing, Can someone help?
Is there a shampoo and/or conditioner that will bring out highlights in brown hair?
How can I save money on makeup onlinme at kohls?
How to clean a silver and gold necklace?
Cute japanese underwear online shops?
What hair dyes wont damage my hair as much?
Do guys like afro hair?
How can you take off a crusty belly button ring?
What's the best way to crinkle my weave?
What does the needle feel like when it goes through your nose?
Is wearing red lipstick out on the weekends okay for a teenager?
What make up should a guy be wearing?
Is my piercing infected?
Is there any kind of makeup to cover up rosasia?
Is Dr China good or bad?
I am starting to hate fashion?
can you tell me if these uggs look fake or not?
Can any weave be crinkled by braiding?
What can I use as my morning routine?
Help me out here please?
Do all male celebrities wear lipstick?
Will light brown hair color cover my multi-brown hair?
what do i ask salon to get this hair?
When should you start massaging stretched ears?
What eye makeup would look good on me?
Girls opinion on these glasses on a guy?..?
Should I cut my hair short?
Should i get ears pierced in cartilage or second one in lobe?
Can anyone recommend a product which will make my hair curlier?
What is a demi-permanent hair dye to make purple hair?
Can't fit a 32A, but sudentally a 34A?
Is it easier to get dreads by doing them yourself or by going to someone?
Will people be able to shake the thought that I got a nose job?
girls, what's your morning routine for school?
If I razor the ends of my hair when I have curly hair, will it be noticeable?
What do I do with these three worn out belts?
Bra size difference question?
Is it better to go up a cup size or down a cup size?
Where can i get a blouse like this? Already tried F21 and Charlotte Russe :(?
How to attach a belt buckle to a stitched belt?
Should i get this dress?
Bleaching the black and addding purple?
Are the naked palettes any good?
What do you think of this jackets? Girls only! 10 points!?
how to move your eyebrow arch?
What should I wear for my birthday?
Where i can get these shoes?
How long should a shaver for men be used?
Where can I buy hippie flower headband in London?
stretched Ear lobed deformed?
How painful is it to get a white ink tattoo on the wrist?
Liqui sew super sticky? please help!?
What is the best flavor of EOS lip balm?
Stage makeup to look like a younger girl?
How long does it take for makeup and perfume to expire?
How can I get a greaser type hair style?
Can this jacket be for a guy? 10 points!?
Should I dye my hair blonde?
Where can I get cheap gothic platform buckle boots?
I want to get a tattoo but...?
How much of makeup should I wear to school?
What does it mean when a guy says this about a girl?
what is modcloth clothing like?
Does anyone know where I can buy \OPI Eiffel For This Color?\?
Honeycolor contacts shipping??!!?
Suit to sixth form 17 year old?
Victoria's Secret Store Song I Can't Find.?
Do guys prefer brunette's over blonde's?
How can I get longer, thicker hair?
Is 2XL the same as XXL?
Quick ques: I am 18. can i use NIVEA anti wrinkles and age spot cream with my makeup?
Megan fox on a scale of 1-10?
is 5'3 an unattractive height for a girl?
Where to buy these earrings from?
No clothes look good on me?
Will my bleached hair grow?
How old do you have to be to work in a tattoo studio (as an apprentice)?
Red to brown hair dye question?
My hair does not curl as it use to. Is there any treatment for this? I also would like to grow my hair ..?
Is this a good mix for a girl ? Guys would you date a girl who was ...?
Need opinions on hair dye color?
What could I do for work experience?
Does gore-tex have a strengthening property or is it just used for waterproofing purposes?
does breast massage actually work to increase size?
Good online store for bikinis?
How does my figure look in this dress?
what is the color of my eyes?
How to wash American Apparel Easy jeans?
where can i find aloe vera products for hair?
Please look inside I'd love some advice on how to grow hair longer faster..?
Will neon converse come back in the spring?
About how many times a year should I get a trim?
Do I look good with bangs? POINT 10!!!!?
do you find me pretty not like i care hehe?
Do you like this dress for Prom?
what can i do to my hair?!?
Which foundation at Myer is the best to get?
What are some good shoes that has these qualities?
Do my collar bones stick out too much?
Etsy: do they have same safery as Amazon or Ebay?
What hurts more lip,nose or septum?
Is this a good idea for a tattoo?
What matches with a turquoise button down?
What is making my skin pores clearer and smaller?
Anyone know how to polish a badly faded leather messenger bag and bring it back to its original beauty?
I want to stretch my ears again help?
are you supposed to wear a bra underneath a bustier top?
What do you think of my edit of this girl?
Skinny jeans on guys: Yay, Nay, or Gay?
does sephora stores in france accept makeup forever backstagecard for the pro discount?
Help with half/full sleeve tattoo?
Does skin lightening cream tell you how light it will make you ?
Need to find this dress!?
How do i get back the original color of my face ?
Growing out hair? Am I doomed?
which prom dress of the two?
How to unscrew ear plugs (stretched ears)?
How can i get Asian-like hair?
Does frequent combing leads to hair fall?
Thinning temples on natural hair help? (Experts preferred)?
Gemstone identification, I have a picture.?
What is the best in-home hair removal device?
Where can I get this?!?
Is sugar connected to hair falling?
What do you think of my editing?
Hair Growth Phase after Plucking/Waxing?
Is it safe to bleach my hair again?
HELP! YouTube beauty guru name!?
WHAT SIZE IS A MEDIUM IN USA? HELP?
Is 5'3 feet a small height for an Indian girl?
will my black hair dye fade away?!?
Stila in the light palette?
What color do I wear under this sweater?
I think im ugly but im not sure?
I am I considered slim or medium size ?
Esthetician Or Cosmetology School?
how can I get rid of mild acne fast?
What to do with a fake ice watch?
boots for slim calves?
Is a black V neck sweater(plain) ok to wear with a black dress shirt pants and a white now tie?
What coat shall i get?
is it ok for a guy to like girl things?
websites that sell body jewllery and accept debit as a payment method?
Movie date outfit? please answer quickly?
how many piercings do you have?
i dyed my hair black and now I want to dye it a darker shade of purple?
Who is my celebrity look-a-like?
Urban Decay naked 1,2, or 3?
is this website safe??
I own the Urban DECAY Naked 2 and i personally LOVE it Which should i by next ? im obsessed?
Piercings with a problem?
How can I get my hair thicker for men?
Is 15 too young for a tattoo?
no rash. ictchy jaw line and lil lump under ear?
where can I buy an amy pond wig other than ebay?
Where can I buy an airbrush machine?
what i the best way to get rid of your faces dryskin?
Keratin hair straightening help?
My new Burberry Brit wool coat shrank, after putting it to a cleaners. Who is responsible?
Would a nose piercing look right on me?
Where can I find some good trench coats?
I need to know what actually works to restore hair.?
How does my figure look in this dress?
Will paracetamol help my cartilage piercing?
Is this Louis Vuitton bag real or fake?
which fragrance do you prefer/i should get?
How to use Rosehip Oil and Rosewater in my skincare?
Should I make a beauty channel?
Are any of these ingredients bad?
Will angel bites ruin my teeth/gums?
Did I do anything wrong?
Can Heat Enhance Boobs?
How would you use self tanner over body hair?
Best mac foundation for me???
Help my stylist wants to trim my hair!?
help i want to compleatly change my style?
What to do on my 16th birthday??
How to get rid of sun tan?
Cartilage piercing still hurting!?
Hair style ideas for super long medium thick hair?
is it okay to comb my hair while shampooing?
Where do I get branded clothes (men) for cheap in Mumbai ?
How to grow out black girl hair?
I got a North face jacket but i don't want it anymore?
My disfigured nose is a problem?
Where can I get these jumpers or simple ones?
Do purple pants look good on guys?
Thoughts on this Burberry purse?
Where can I find a cheap real leather jacket?
Tips for Getting Smooth & Shinny face in winter for girls?
favorite makeup products?
Do I look more asian or white?
if i wear a size 6.5 shoe normally, what size shoe am i in mens? and womens?
is my stretched ear infected ???
What kind of makeup would look good with this dress? also what heels would you match it with?
is this too casual for prom?
Tips for Getting Smooth & Shinny face?
Please read. What can I do with my thin hair.?
how shall i fix this beauty problem?
How does my figure look in this dress?
Is it okay to wear this when it's 81 degrees fahrenheit in a very humid weather?
Have I got enough clothes in my wardrobe?
Can i wear a onesie outside?
what are these?bumps?
Which of these two prom dresses is better?
What kind of stone is in this ring?
Am I going bald? IM ONLY 15?
Will my wrist tattoo limit my chances of getting a job as a Veterinarian?
How to do Elaine's hair from Seinfeld?
Daily face moisturizers?
How to cover up freckles COMPLETELY?
where can i find great jeans ?
What color clothes would look best with my hair color?
which hair spa is best after straight therapy?
Is back hair unattractive on women?
How often does ulta restock naked palette?
How to get rid of oily skin for a teen boy?
Laser can completely remove my tattoo & What's the risk?
Where to buy Janoskians merchandise?
what colors of bow-tie would suit a midnight blue/fuchsia long sleeves?
does milk make your finger nails grow faster?
Good place for first tattoo? (Male) *easy 10 points*?
Tips on how to cover freckles?
Foundation & Mascara?
I don't know what to do! Victim of the ugly duckling syndrome!?
Can someone help me figure out what this is?
Where could I buy dainty jewellery in the UK?
I beg u help ! Laser Hair removal: I want to grow BACK the hair since my beard line was a bit low !?
Is it possible to detect a fake rolex by checking out serial numbers at WatchCSA website?
which belt looks good on a black dress?
Opinion on Rihanna Rogue perfume?
0,07 ct means for a diamond or stone only? not the total weight of a jewelry?
Which of the following do you consider to be an alternate/a substitute to coconut hair oil?
party coming !!! recommend me a color for party dress :P?
Bikini for small chest?
Should your eyebrow match your hair?
Tired of looking like a Chia pet. HELP!!!?
I'm 118 pounds, but I'm a size 5 in jeans! Is this normal? How is this possible!?
Where is the least painful place for a tattoo?
Why does my hair smell?
Why does my hair smell?
I have just bought Himalaya Himcolin Gel. Can you tell me how use it? Can I use it daily ?
IS THERE ANYWAY I CAN GET MY LIPS SMALLER NATURALLY!? \:(?
How long will my hair grow in a year?
Is it a fashion faux pas to wear a skirt nearly the same color as your heels and your nail polish?
HELP! i am in pain with my tattoo after 6 months!?
Which one of these pictures do you prefer?
how can I get fingernail polish off my timberlands?
Belly button bleeding?
What is the best way to curl clip-in extensions?
Custom sized high heels?
Are you allowed to get free samples from Make-up counters at Myer?
What does stripes on finger nails mean?
Can I change my earrings?
Anyone knows what company supplying the Tiffany, Cocktail Contact Lenses and Sparkle Contact Lenses?
Whats being a Hairdresser like?
Does Biotin really work?
How do i look after my cartilage piercing?
what color shoes to wear with a burgundy dress and what style?
suggested name for men's clothing store?
Really pretty hairstyle for thick wavy hair?
Should I wrap up my new foot tattoo for work?
I need help on my hair?!?
Tattoo related question?
Acne Promblems does xout and epidou work and anythinng that may help?
is there sunscreen for black people?
Help epiduo has made my face really red and it's burning?
Are My Eyes brown or amber?
where can i find an earing like this ?
How to have perfectly straight and long hair?
How do college students dress?
what to do to get curves in my hip and good shape for my body?
does the instyler work?
Sexy/ head-turning hairstyles? PLEASE READ ALL!?
does the instyler work?
How should I dye my hair?
When is it acceptable to wear open toed shoes again?
Heated roller situation?
I can't stop picking at my face?
Good cheap very light foundation?
Outfit help, please? How to make a guy dress shirt less masculine looking?
How can I keep my hair straight even when it's wet?
Strongest NAIL glue? (:?
Can you suggest some hairstyles for short , wavy hair and round face?
Best friend's wedding....what to wear? (Smwhere from Delhi NCR)?
Which ones do you prefer?
Does my lip piercing suit me?
Transformation Makeup?
How can I get my 2 year old hair to grow?
ladies, what do you think about this type of look?
can you trust forever 21 online?
If you love Makeup read this:?
What is the most important feature in a face for attraction?
What oils can i use to get an even skin tone?
Help, I don't have much time?
Is my earlobe infected?
Do anyone know what online stores have A cleanser pore brush?
White highlights on black hair?
A few question about Nudism?
I don't feel beautiful?
A hair color compliments dark brown eyes and pale skin?
how do I find the right bra?
Could I pass for South American?
Does Hair Transplantation Leave Marks on the Head? Which method should I prefer for doing a Hair Transplant?
App for android to add \too sassy for you\ sticker?
is dying blonde hair blonder at home risky?
how to do to look older?
How long would it take me to get ripped?
sedu or solia hair straightner?
hair products for dry, curly hair?
Tattoo's and sleeves?
Obre hair brassy .... Help?
wide or narrow slim plate for a flat iron?
Obre hair brassy .... Help?
do you think I should get these leggings or are they ugly?
When to order my prom dress?
Tried to dye hair lilac but came out ash blonde?
My hair gets so dry, i need help!!!!?
what is a good drugstore, lightweight , long lasting with good coverage product to wear instead of foundation?
Home mole removal help?
I'm going to a wedding this onth (January) and want to wear black dress pants with pin stripes?
female ballerina vs male boxer no rules fight?
Where can you have laser hair removal done?
Hydration to skin and bad skin?
Tried to dye hair lilac but came out ash blonde?
Where can I purchase hair loss products online?
My style is so boring?
Dettol Burned my Skin...?
what hair color will suit me best? (picture included?)?
Are austin mahone and cody simpson really that cute??!?
stretch ears help??????????????????????
Can I still wear a long prom dress?
help with permed hair?
Dyed my hair bright red?
ARE THEY SAFE SITES TO BUY SHOES FROM?
what goes well with this mini skirt?
Need opinions on hair dye color?
Foundation, make up ?
What type of brown is this?
What do you think about this?
how to fix my hair please some one help me?
I wear a 7 in toms, what size keds should I get?
How can I feel better about how I look?
if I leave my semi hair dye to come out by itself no stripping will my natural colour come through?
Help! My hair is graying extremely fast. How can I slow this process down?
if I leave my semi hair dye to come out by itself no stripping will my natural colour come through?
Hair dye disaster? Help?
How can I minimize the appearance of stretch marks?
Can you use Selsun Blue even if you don't have dandruff?
What to wear to a birthday party?
Neutrogena pure mild CLEANSER or Celeteque Face Wash?
Does Nuvie Skin Care Really Work?
How to get Lorde's crazy curls?
plz help, buying shoes in Adelaide?
How to grow hair fast as possible?
What's the best shaving cream, razor to use?
what is the best night cream, that's not too expensive?
good nail polish color for a male to felmale crossdresser?
Why do i sometimes feel feminine?
Looking for an Eyeshadow Palette?
Beauty Therapy/Beautician???
How do you apply bronzer!?
How to prevent tanning? I don't want to get tanned :/ How can I not?
I don't know what to use on ma face any more?
will tattoo artists do the majority of the work in designing a tattoo?
I recently bought a LV speedy bag. the date stamp code is VP0124. What the code represent?
Shedding or Breakage?
Is it true that hair loss products usually cause side effects?
What do i say when i go into the bikini wax salon?
What do i say when i go to the wax salon?
What do i say when i go into the wax salon?
Tie is necessary for any interview?
Would you rather get bath and body shower gel or the new Revlon colorbursts lipsticks?
how do I know my lip piercing size?
how can i get fit and sexy figure?
forever21+ city chic shopping?
Plzz can someone tell me where can i buy supra shoes in new delhi real or fake ones!!?
What is it and how can I kill it?
What is it and how can I kill it?
How to hide my hair loss?
Anybody know what type of haircut this is?
How should a short person dress?
What size would i be in abercrombie kids (sweatpants)?
What size would i be in abercrombie kids (sweatpants) ?
How to convince my dad to let me get a tattoo?
cleaning stretch ears?
What to wear for workvat a hair salon? (In Australia)?
Is it ok to wear girl sandals?
what does 'loose pocket attached' mean?
Nose piercing advice?
how do i treat a septum piercing blowout?
Extreme hair in Australia?
I have a oily skin..should I use badam rogan for my face..?
How much does a rhinoplasty surgery cost in the UK & are there any consequences?
how do i treat a septum piercing blowout?
How to deal with hair loss?
Opinion on getting a tattoo?
how do i grow nice long full black hair in a short period of time?
What color of Converse to get? High tops/Low tops?
How to completely get rid of back hair BY YOURSELF?
how can i make my hair alot less frizzy?
What kind of hair removal did I get?
Why does my ears smell after wearing fake gages ?
How do i get my eyelashes like this?
Baby Oil on Skin HELP!?
Hair color of Daisuke Motomiya?
Which is more gentle on face? concealer or bb cream?
Should I buy a Louis Vuitton or Chanel handbag?
Where can I buy vegetal hair color in mumbai?
Worried. What is This? Is it Normal?
How to get black hair to light brown?
Home Remedies for eye dark circles in womens?
What would happen if I used highlighting hair color to dye my whole hair?
How to wear a denim vest?
celebrities or youtubers with narrow hips?
I died my hair to a lighter shade & i did not end up liking it, its been 2 weeks can i dye it back?
what brand of black jeans does Anthony Kiedis, singer of the Red Hot Chili Peppers, wear?
What does a flattop haircut lookalike down?
How can gram flour (besan) and turmeric inhibit facial hair growth?
Does getting your lip pierced hurt a lot?
Where can i find a cheap parka?
What brand do you prefer, Gucci or Prada?
Omega, Rolex or Breitling?
Please provide name of long hair female metal singer whose hair is long?
second tattoo ideas!?!?!?
Can anyone tell me a shoe company or style that would carry these shoes?
Can anyone link me the 'MAKING MUSIC VISIBLE' clothing line please?
calling all average sized women?
I've wanted to try making some perfumes, but I'll need some advice. Will these combinations go well?
Can soft hair paint brushes be used for acrylic nails?
What is the difference between Hair Transplant FUE and FUT?
Where can I get a prom dress from in the UK?
How much does laser tattoo removal cost?
i have no clue what haircut i should get?
Sudden interest in fashion?
new cartilage piercing?
how much does the GHD hair straightener cost in dubai?
Does my face look feminine or more masculine (i'm a guy)?
which hair straightner/flat iron should i buy?
Men sizes to women sizes !?
How to get rid of brown highlights on black hair? Does head and shoulders do the trick?
In which finger to wear a pearl ring?
How to get facial hair quick?
Picture help!!!!!!!!!?
Are my gucci shoes fake?
How much should I sell my prom dress for? It was 100?
Can I knit a bra? Or at least a shell for one?
Help! I still don't wear a bra...?
what mac lipstick shades would suit me?
What happened to Harry Styles' curls?
What to wear with this?
If I just put a do rag on at night and keep my hair moisturized will that make it grow?
If I just put a do rag on at night and keep my hair moisturized will that make it grow?
If I just put a do rag on at night and keep my hair moisturized will that make it grow?
Why when i used color oops to remove my black, i then after tried to dye it it turned back to black?
How do I get nicely shaved underarms..?
should I get small or extra small disco pants?
how to hav a thick hair?
female teachers in school?
WHAT TO WEAR ON THE FIRST DAY OF YEAR 13?
Alternative to a Versace shirt?
How can I improve my fashion blog?
Help with this Mystery Girl!?
What's the right eyebrow colour for someone with black hair?
Beauty Therapy Career!?
Why do i have these wrinkles?
whats ur daily makeup routine?
Am I trying to re Grow my hair back the right way?
What kind of prom dress should I get?
Females: How to get rid of tiny hairs above your lip?
How to dye asian hair?
How to cover up chest acne?
Icing before my tattoo?
Should I dye my hair black or blonde? (Pictures)?
boot weather? Outfit ideas?
Is it ok to dress like a girl sometimes?
\Color Oops\ HELP. THOROUGH ANSWER NEEDED.?
Victorian Steampunk Dress? I need some help?
Looking for a outfit.?
Will a short choppy hairstyle suit my face?
How often should you wash your hair?
how to remove body hair permanently?
How can I improve my fashion blog?
What short hairstyle would look good for me?
How can i get my hair to grow faster without cutting?
Turning the ball on earlobe piercing what way should i turn it?
I bleached my hair but it came out different shades?
How can I get plano colored contact lenses?
Should I rinse off the peroxide from my jewelry or will it be ok to put in my lip?
Why don't most people with acne use chemical peels?
dying my hair 2 colors?
Who's right? My sister or me?
Hairstyle for a party?
Vaseline for longer eyelashes help?
Numbing the pain before a Tattoo?
Would this haircut look good on me?
Is my hair unhealthy/dead?
where can i buy crazy kool bras?
suggest name for my online imitation & accessories brand?
What are your opinions on dreads? Woulf I look good with them?
Is this too much makeup?
I want this haircut but I dont know the name.?
How to privant hair fall?
What Dress should I pick?
How to be known for your signature style?
Help?!?!? Guy Hairstyling Help!!?
how old do you have to be to get an industrial piercing?
Left contact case in jeans and went through a wash!?
how old do you have to be to get an industrial piercing?
Is this a cute outfit?
How can j prevent my smiley from getting infected??!! Help!?
how do i keep my tragus piercing from getting infected?
how to do my eyebrows?
Does anyone know where I could find this dress?
Which girl do you prefer?
Couples costume idea for the theme \seasons\?
Just highlighted hair and the roots are really blonde..HELP?
What is the difference in s1 and s2 graded diamonds and i1 and i2?
Color oops and trying to go blonde help!?
I've heard toothpaste helps shine up your jewellery?
Can I trust china wholesale online sites???
What is better brand of makeup wipes?
How do I get these scars off my face?
Which hair looks better?
How to size my finger for a ring?
What does a Beauty Therapist do?
How to apply fake tan over whole body at home?
What do you guys use to highlight your face?
Is a merino wool and acryl blend sweater easy to shrink?
Do factory employers care if you have purple highlights? they're temporary and there are only 3.?
What body shape do I have? What kind of clothes look best in it?
Ligthen skin with Waxing?
People tell me i look alot like mila kunis. Do I? I made a collage of both of us!?
I'm only 118 pounds, but a size 5 in jeans! How is this possible?!?
do girls look hotter in skirts or pants?
How to use nair on the private area?
I want a nose job, but am afraid that it will define me.?
Whats the best brand of hair products for you?
Why did my ears bleed when they got pierced?
I went to the hairdresser to get my hair cut and since then I keep losing hair?
how to stretch out toms?
Miss Jessies products?
when I wake up do I brush my hair or put in hair lotion?
How many clothes to buy for a teenager in winter?
Please, any suggestions for purse mishap?
How can I fix my major self confidence problems??
Help me out with my tattoo ideaaaa ??!!!?
How can I apply my BBcream or foundation without it looking dry after a while?
Do I look better with short hair or dreads?
What are your favourite acne products? (Including cleanser, toner, moisturizer, medicated cream, mask, etc.)?
Emergency!!!!! Bleach?
Is their a drugstore product that can really WEIGH my hair down so its wavy?
so i have this doll thats kida like a american girl doll insted its a our genertion doll and it does not look?
Bra fitting stores in Lewisburg tn?
Will my hair grow back!?
What dress color would suit me?
returning shoes policy?
Getting a pedicure with dancer feet?
What is my bodytype?..?
Why is beauty valued if people think different things and people are beautiful?
I don't feel pretty... :(((?
HELP! Home Remedies For Skin Whitening?!?
If I have \double boobs\ when wearing an A32 what size would I actually wear?
Epsom Salt Bath Question?
How can I Get my appearance together ? Ratchetness is not an option.?
Bb creams??????? What are they exactly?
what do I use to make my belly button piercing heal faster?
Do your legs get shorter throughout the day?
Good moisturizing spray? Homemade maybe?
What do you think is my face shape?
Help finding a Winter Formal dress?
when i was young i had good hair very curly now i dont what coulda happen?
Transfer fake tan into different bottle?
Tattoo etiquette question?? (Switching artists)?
Coconut oil good for hair how?? Tips to grow long hair?
Can i dye my hair blue or red without having to bleach it?
are there any places that will let you get your nose peirce with a parent at the age of 13?
Will my hair mess up if I do this?
What are some cheap clothing sites?
How to get thicker longer hair?
Is this a cute outfit?
What kinds of shoes does TOMS donate to the ones in need?
Does he hate my lips?
What hair products are good for men with fine thin straight hair?
is it because i get my hair permed?
Why cant ppl stay cute 4ever?
Is there any shops around Wheeling West Virginia that would pierce my nose with a parent at 13 years old?
which necklace goes well with this dress?
How can I make pwder work on my nose?
Unsolicited Package? Proactiv+ sent 2 boxes.?
is my body skinny, average, or curvy?
Where can I find a watch band that fits my Nixon super rover?
Where could I find these panties? Or this type?
Why does this happen?
Know any cheap beauty salons in Houston who can cut my bangs cheaper than $50?
What do you think of this blouse?
FULL Brazilian lace closure and yaki premium too hair?
I want to get a tattoo but I need a idea of what I want to get please help me (:?
Help with tattoo half-sleeve/full sleeve ideas?
so i just bought 2 pants and not sure how to wear them?
How can I be more attractive?
should I buy these black & grey camo pants? are they real camo?
Is Revlon's Colorstay Whipped Créme Foundation Oil-Free?
how can i make my hair grow faster?
How to Reduce Lips Size ? Permanently !! Forever?
why does my butt look like this?!?
What color should I dye my hair?
Can I coat jewelry with colored nail polish instead of clear?
Would you say I am a tomboy?
Can a 15 year old in Arkansas get an industrial piercing?
Cosplay Ideas for Girls?
Can I get this tattoo but on my upper arm?
What kind of piercing does Avan Jogia have?
how long do i have to wait to dye my hair after highlighting it?
Will My Nose Piercing Close Up?
What color nails would look good with a plum purple dress?
Where can I find a cheap Semi-Formal dress?
Anyone know a good online goth store.?
do guys like it when we call them adorable or cute?
Bathing, skin care, utilities help?
Outfit ideas for a 13 year old?
Where can i buy khaki/nude Skinny jeans?
What to wear to a mock trial competition?
Please help! What repair treatment is best for my situation!?
how to make a career dress uniform look good for school?
What are the best types of witch hazel?
Is it rare if a full asian has natural strawberry red, orange, and gold hair?
Is it possible to buy clothing from the factories where is it made in China, India, Indonesia, Cambodia etc?
Please help! What repair treatment is best for my situation!?
Your opinion on a double nostril piercings?
trying to buy pants online?
Do boys still like girls with big noses?
Where to buy Likas Papaya Soap in USA Offline?
How can i get my hair like this!?
best place to buy a casual country/modern style/lace dress?
im looking for sweat pants that have belt loops?
best place to buy a casual country/modern style/lace dress?
Does flat noses look good with a piercing? Picture?
How do I get my natural curls back after 4 years of damage ?
I pierced my left ear. I don't know how long I need to alcohol it or anything really?
How many different shades for highlights?
what shoes should I get?
Best gel/liquid eyeliners?
would i look good with blue hair?
Is the skin bleaching products good at eliminating discolorations on the body?
What can I do about freckles on my skin?
which shoes should i get?
What is the name for these type of belts?
How do I get my natural curls back after 4 years of damage ?
Who are some medium golden blonde actresses?
has anybody bought hair extentions from tedhair.com?
HELP?!?! please!!!!!?
how do i get rid of under eye circles?
Hi my daughter is 17 & is wheelchair bound she wants to wear a dress out but legs r very thin . Any ideas ?
Can I pass a hair follicle test?
Where to buy plain clothes?
how to sew a Top to a High waisted skirt?
I wear a 32A bra, but I have a double boob effect?
Hey ladies how are you doing threw the new year?
Why does girls find guys with tattoo hot?
Does this Tiffany & Co necklace look real or fake to you?
Can anyone recommend some prom dresses similar to Shail K 3322 under $300?
do guys like the girls that look all american girl type or the exotic type?
What shoes should I get?
how can i become confident?
I'm young & my stretch marks are blood red & cover my whole body & I am not that big?
List of best high end products around $15-$20 range?
Would this be a nice prom dress?(details inside )?
Is this girl really all that pretty!?
What do I do about these jeans?
How long does it take for vinegar to lighted your hair?
What is a good editing software to make youtube makeup tutorials?
(guys) Is a 36 D cup considered large? (girls) how/where do I buy new bras?
What size would I be in Hollister jeans if..?
Whats so good about shopping at Victoria's Secret?
What do you think of white hoodies and hats on guys?
Which one? men only :)?
Skincare trouble or mayhem.?
Can you do the makeup for a play if you aren't good at makeup?
Do you guys think i should try out to be model?
Can I lighten my dyed hair with just developer?
what color is this hair?
Im really curious, what in chamomile causes hair to lighten?
Who knows good and highly recommended dermatologist? from Manila?
Am I fat, chubby, or average?
When I clean my belly button...?
Who are some medium golden blonde actresses?
Where can I get clip in hair extensions in Mississauga?
this is not meant to be racist, are asians buttholes in the shape of their eyes?
Dresses from Disney's Frozen?
My belly button was pierced with a hoop. What should I do?
does footlocker have the Jordan Gamma 11s?
Is it bad to use more than one shampoo and conditioner ?
What color of these ugg boots do you like best?
Which EOS lip balm to buy?
am i the only who lights there selfies? Help?
please look, Is this a hot / cute location to have a tattoo near my ankle?
which is your favorite color?
Reviews on garnier fructis triple nutrition ?
Do you find people with light or dark hair more attractive?
Am I ugly? I'm kinda depressed and insecure.?
Has anyone Bought a Last Kings Hoodie from eBay?
Do i have to pay for the LUSH Times Catalogue when it comes in the mail?
How to Get Rid of Dark Knees & Elbows?
HELP ME IM KIND OF LOST?
Fabric? 5 feet tall, 27 inch waist?
What could i put on my gold chain for an italian?
My hair won't hold a curl anymore?
What do you do to get your hair super soft?
Who are your favourite models? (female ones)?
How do I die my hair platinum blonde?
What to wear to family gathering/funeral?
Genuine or some Chinese scam?
Rimmel London 'Scandal eyes' ?
FASHION HELP! Will this dress look good this season?
So I'm dressing as a girl for my friend who has her 21at birthday read below for question please.?
How do certain girls take off really HEAVY makeup before bed ?!?
Do i suit no makeup what so ever?
What under tones do the neutrogena healthy skin foundation have?
I have straight soft hispanic hair and want waves ??
What would go with a dark blue dress?
SEMI FORMAL MAKEUP HELP :)?
Everything to know for bleaching my hair?
Do girls think the preppy look is hot?
im giving my self a small cross tattoo with a new blade and filling it with pen ink. Any advice?
Cute clothes for 17 year old?
HELP! Massive matted Knot in my hair! What can I do?!?
i am going to my first homecoming dance this fall, and i need to know what color homecoming dress I should get?
How many bottles of Manic Panic should I use on my hair?
If we switched clothes what would I be wearing?
Should I trim my hair before or after bleaching it?
My friend really want blonde hair?
Can i get waves with straight puertorican hair?
Second thoughts about piercing? Please help?
Can i get waves with straight puertorican hair?
Will adding extra Woolite Dark make my jeans darker?
What is the correct way to apply cologne?
how to get a big bubble butt like kim kardashian ?
can u look at walmart cake designs?
When will all my facial hair come in all the way?
Dying permed hair! please help?
Is it bad that I have never worn make up and I'm 19? I don't see anything wrong with it but opinions?
Should I let my surface bar reject?
I want a script tattoo on my ribcage?
Rebonded hair help! :(?
What do you think about platform shoes like creepers?
Is it bad to wear push-up bras everyday?
im a girl, what size boys skinny jeans do I wear. in a girl im between 5, 6, 7 in girl skinny jeans?
What's your opinion on this tattoo?
Prom dress! Help needed desperately.?
Being more attractive ??
I cant stop Bitting my nails and the nail polish that taste bad dont work on me?
Coloring my hair for the first time?
What haircut do I get ?
Getting my lip pierced, should I get a stud or ring at first?
What color would i look good in?
what are somethings you have to do when you are a hair stylis?
Skin 79 super plus bb cream?
Should I get a wallet for my bag?
Should I wash my hair after it's been in the rain?
Have I changed (pics)?
Is MAC makeup bad for your skin?
Does what I wear make me look sloppy?
GUYS: Describe your perfect girl?
Is it possible for hair to break off if you only use a straightener like once a year?
Cheap Prom (Formal) Shoes?
Which color should i use for my navy blue fringed shirt?
How long should you wait to change your belly button ring after its gotten infected?
What to wear to a burlesque party?! Helppp!!!?
Where to get animal print clothes?
how do i ask someone a sexy girl out on a date?
Why does everyone hate on Miley for wearing revealing outfits?
How can I lighten my caramel highlights?
Can`t Stop Biting My Nails! Help Please :)?
Hey i need to know if these shoes are real.?
I just bleached my hair and it doesn't feel fried?
Why do I have pimples between my eye brows and over my nose?
Daily use of ceramic hair straightner without any heat protection spray is good for hair?
Why do people bite nails?
Good drugstore matte lipstick?
How to grow out hair and hair dye?
Ladies, what are your measurements?
What is a good shampoo?What shampoo do you use?
Can I pull off black hair? (pic)?
Is there a way to dye the zipper/inside of these boots?
What piercing do you prefer?
I want some opinions, please?
Your thoughts on platform shoes?
please help i have bad ance and its affecting my life i just want tl go lock myslef up in a room?
Why do men say I'm average?
How can i be pretty or at least prettier?
on a scale of 1 to 10 how would u rate her?
What makeup effects your skin the most and your eyes and eye skin?
what color will my hair turn out to be?
How to keep bangs straight overnight?
Where can I buy those high socks people wear for sports?
I want to grow my nails ,but i just keep Bitting my nails and there very short i want to grow them but i cant?
I want to grow my nails ,but i just keep Bitting my nails and there very short i want to grow them but i cant?
Best Treament/Products For Frizzy Hair?
Am I too fat for a crop top?
Superhero dance? What to wear?Please answer ASAP!!!?
how can i shrink my hat its fitted and 94% polyester?
Short hair without cutting it?
Does taking care of your nose piercing help in the long run?
Someone who assembles and creates outfits?
What brands does Plato's Closet take?
what to wear to a burlesque party?
tattoos without telling my family?
Is it possible to kiss small lips when you have big lips ?
How do I dye my hair like this?
how to get a guys attention?
Curly hair problems. Please help??!?
What size T shirt should I buy?
There's no chance eating a jar of permanent hair relaxer will kill you?
do guys really like the smell of perfume??
Nose Piercing Problems?
Products for curly hair?
I really want to grow my hair out 7 inch this year i know its possiable?
Can you use shampoo that's for dry, damaged hair on normal hair too?
Tattoo ideas about overcoming depression?
I suddenly have started getting acne.?
advice on front lace wigs!?
Shoe size chart for forever 21?
why does my nail polish fall off in a day?help pleaseee?
Why is it that when I comb my hair it has static in it?
what are your favorite winter fashion trends?
Hair mask for your hair?
Cheap makeup and accesories i can get with only 10$?
Which dress do you like better?
Dying my blond hair blonder?
What color are my eyes?
Has anybody tried any of these mascaras? Are they any good?
Where can I find \The fault in our stars\ shoes?
Have I changed.. (pics)?
is my friend insecure about her looks?!?
Is Burberry Brit for men too strong for a movie date?
What height and weight should you be to shop at the \Big and Tall\ section of a store?
Anyone who has experience please help?
Does \Garnier fructis sleek & shine work to take away the Frizz?
Do you think I could do a pageant? Pics included?
Would u say I have medium brown eyes or dark brown?
Aberombie and fitch to small?
Is it ok for a non-American female to dress American?
Where can I find these shoes?
When can I change my belly ring ?
a general question about this guys hair please answer 10pts?
Do you think the color in my hair suits me?
what to wear to make an enemy female jealous?
What does a single lightening strike tattoo on your finger mean?
Where can you buy a good quality slouchie beanie?
Your opinion on these legs? (Picture included)?
Should I Cut My Hair Short (Male)?
how can I get rid of dry skin around my nose?
New Piercing, is it 'nesting' or is the skin trying to grow over it?
What shoes go with this?
Changed hair, How old do I look?
How to hide a cartilage piercing?
Help with finding a prom dress?!?
Good facial cleansing products?
What do women think about guys wearing foot jewelery?
Best affordable hydrating eye cream?
Ugh am I growing my hair out right?
How to look pretty!!!!!?
Can I mix lavender oil with rosewater?
how can i small my breast....??
What colour should i dip dye my hair?
Opinions of this dress for prom?
what does a cross stamped in a 14k diamond represent?
How do you make your very own perfume?
is it any cream which remove the blade cut???
How to naturally enhance brown eyes?
What eye colors are most attractive?
is it any cream which remove the blade cut???
are their any other things to make with rainbow loom instead of bracelets?
Can people please help me find a prom dress???
What color North Face should I get?
My friend said she got me a gift card to sephora but the card says jcpennys?
Rook piercing: how can I avoid infection?
I need help picking out a dress on here for my gf to wear to the ball? She told me to pick but im a guy soooo?
Which bb cream is the best?
Cartilage piercing done with a gun?
Brainstorm cute pink hair dye ideas?
I want a coat like this but for a cheaper price?
affordable face lotion that...?
What should I wear for Mismatched/Mix & Match Monday?
So i want to pierce my ears, and so does my girl. she says claire's but how much would it cost?
Do I need sewing Classes?
Prom is in 6 months and I really need help!?
Where to shop online for a shorter guy?
My dad won't let me dye my hair?
What eye color do guys like most?
Need to get ride of my spots, please help !?
how often do razors need to be replaced?
No madder how much heat protectant i put in my ends still get burned?
do girls like widemuscular backs?
Embarrassing tops of feet?
What color bathing suit bottoms should I buy that will go with a deep purple top?
What can I wear under my see through leggings ?
Cute things for short hair?
Victoria's Secret Pink Nation Members?
My face... Shape? Hair? Opinion? Please?
How can I repolish the pearl?
are my eyes pretty??
What is his problem with my lips?
What color beads match navy blue fringed shirt?
What else should I add to my skincare routine?
HELP! I accidentally took off part of my eyebrow!?
Are my eyebrows too dark for my new blonde hair?
What color beads match a navy blue(dark blue) fringed shirt?
What outfit can I wear with red leather booties that have gold studs? or really what color outfit?
where can i get the red tartan scarfs from?
Will you pick a safety razor for me to get off one of these two sites ?
Are Galaxy Vans worth getting?
Honest opinions please, what do you think of these facial features?
how can I get beach waves naturally?
I need to use concealer because I have dark circles around my eyes, and laugh lines.?
Red eyeshadow for blue eyes?
Is there something like an online wardrobe or a wardrobe application or something?
How short are skater skirts?
How short are skater skirts?
Are these dimples? Or just an indent?
how do I get really wavyy hair ?
Will this outfit look ok, I'm a guy. DESCRIPTION?
Foundation for dry, acne prone skin?
Should I try this again...?
can you use self tanner in the shower?
can you use self tanner in the shower?
Where to get a prom dress?
What shoes go with this?
How to make my hair grow fast!?
How to clean boots that can't get wet?
should I put concealer after putting on eye primer or before?
How do I unclog pores?
Random Fashion Questions!!! Do you own these- Nike Sneakers, Ugg Boots, Northface jacket, super skinny jeans.?
I plan on getting my first bikini wax and want to know what to expect and how I should prep my skin ?
Anywhere to buy a lot graphic t-shirts extreamly cheap?
How can I shrink clothing?
Why do my bra straps never stay on my shoulders?
Where can I get a hipster backpack for school?
Girls, what clothes would you want your boyfriend to wear?
any good short sleeve shirt for men?
I want the video or pictures of this shampoo commercial ?
What should I wear to my friend's birthday party?
What do you think of teenaged girls wearing nike pros in public?
How do you achieve a classy look?
Contour and highlight ?
How can I feel more confident wearing makeup in public?
Okay so I got some extensions?
Can I put Foundation Just On My Forehead?
Are these shoes legit or fake?
How do you get sperm out of your hair?
Is there a difference between benzalkonium chloride and benzoyl peroxide?
anyone know how to make any homemade beauty products?
Belly button piercing?
Best place to buy hair extensions in Britain?
What size short bailey button uggs should i get?
Fashion designer? only drawing?
How do I make mysel look pretty?
How was your ideal image laser hair removal experience?
should i get my helix pierced ?
is aliexpress legit to buy snapback hats from?
Need hair advice from teen girls? :3?
Why do i look ugly close up to a mirror?!?
Who is this model? Any ideas?
Best foundation for me?!?
Why should peroxide be used before dye?
How could I be a perfect/better girl?
Does this sound like a cute outfit?
Best slip resistent shoes for Restaurent?
How to get glitter(hair spray) off contact lens?
Question about double ear piercing?
Where can I get a dress like Selena Gomez?
I'm getting my septum pierced in about two weeks. What should I expect?
How painful are rib tattoos?
I'm thinking about cutting off my 3 month new I guess sorta dreads?
Should you shave the hair in your butt?
what size do i wear in mens ?
Hey guys,,,,m finding solution for facial hair remover parmanent.?
Is mineral oil bad or safe to use?
What gear do I need to go jogging?
Which CC Cream should I buy?
Please tell me whats my face shape is ? ( picture)?
Third lobe piercing is really sore what do I do?
Is this to fancy for JROTC military ball?!?
What shoes to wear to cheer clinic/tryouts?
Do my earlobes have to be a certain size to get a second piercing?
Eye shadow will not blend!?
What is the most beautiful thing anyone every did for you?
Opinions on Abercrombie and Fitch: Fierce?
Is a tattoo fine for a 15 year old? Or should I wait?
Any hairstyle aficionados able to help?
Should I cut 9in of my hair?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?
Which type of jacket can be styled as a rolled up sleeves ? (please read details)?
I need a name for a elegant reception hall?
Would this hair length be too long for your boyfriend, EASY POINTS?
Should I get my hro a bandu bow bikini for his first bikini pic?
What kind of winter coat can you wear over a cocktail dress?
Best under eye concealer and or highlighter?
Can someone who works at Urban Outfitters help?
Who is this girl in this picture?
belly rings on girls- yay or nay?
where can I find I realy nice, cheap prom dress in the uk?
Where I can buy facial good product but cheap?
I need a name for a elegant reception hall?
how many pounds do i have to lose to go from a dress size 12 to an 8?
Makeup for middle school?!?
Honest advice/opinions please?
is yesstyle website safe plz to purchase your clother uk here?
Looking for a pair of knock off Bob's shoes.?
How can I take a bikini pic if I am a guy?
what do you think i should change about my look? (photos included)?
Is it worth getting braces etc?
Bump on cartilage piercing... Should I take it out?
How do I look more approachable?
i cant find a brand of clothing please help?
which hairstyle is cooler messy hair or the faux hawk?
Would you wear these shoes on a date?
Can this bra measurement in any way be accurate?
What do you think of these boots?
how many pounds do i have to lose to go from a dress size 12 to an 8?
Can vigorously combing your hair contribute to hair loss?
Do you think she is wearing jeans or tights?
I am 15 and want to get a piercing?
What should I do - help really embarrassed!?
what is the best pain killer to take before getting a tattoo?
oozing liquid from tattoo?
Why does our body develop tears?
Any good tips for removing darkness from face ?
Is it on to put lotion on my tattoo yet?
Girls please help me,my period is late 5 days!?
FULL Brazilian lace closure and yaki premium too hair?
Girls! Which one looks better?
want to try a new moisturizer? which is the best drugstore or high end?
What hair styles are \in\?
Ways to improve a uniform?
I have Dandruff and Head and Shoulders is not working! Any suggestions to help dandruff?
Tips on growing out hair?
How do I make my Areolas naturally smaller?
Random survey for women and girls?
Anybody ever thought of using micro bead links to start box braids?
If I have long nail clippers with a rounded blade, so it cuts them round, do I still need to file them?
I am confused about my eye colour?
Why are my eyes uneven?
Just got a VCH piercing but is this normal for the healing process?
Which is correct, pliable hair or elastic hair?
Hickey help for girl on swim team?
What to wear to a model call?
Boyfriend coat size....?
What outfit would go with these shoes?
Is it safe to apply oats on hair?
what the hell is pancake makeup?
which color is the best contouring color among these for this skin color?
What are some good foundations?
Mascara help? Available in UK please?
What make is this watch?
how do i get through this?
Anyone know where i can find the roll on version of lady speed stick deodorant?
Why do boys still grow out their hair?
what should I wear with this cami top?
Coloured contact lens....?
Beauty and Fashion Youtube video ideas?
What's the best way to get a straight stitch when hand sewing something?
What is the the name of the Sunglasses Blake Griffon is wearing on this pic? And where can i buy a pair?
Which hair extensions to buy?
Any ideas for prom dress ?
Horrible looking upperlips after plucking?
How to straighten hair with out heat ....naturaly....?
whats some good sites for beginner models plus do i have the right look for a model?
I am trying to achieve a paste of olive oil plus other herbs to treat my hair.?
Good websites for short curly hair?
I have a Louis Vuitton Ellipse Backpack, what can I wear with it?
Hi i need a reverse perm that is formaldehyde free?
Skincare Help... Dark Spots and Circles?
How much would this tattoo cost ?
what can i take my makeup off with.?
How to use lemon for dark knees and elbows?
What shoes(heels) did pepper wear in iron man 3?
How long will this tattoo take?
What to do when i feel that people dont like my outfit?
What color is best for my jaundice skin tone?
What is a good solution for dry, scaly, peeling feet?
How do i compliment a girl on a bikini photo?
I've got a question about American Eagle Jeans?
I want a pixie hair cut but my ears stick out?
Microdermal piercings ??? Help?
why does my short thick hair give me headaches?
What should I wear to the gym?(work experience ,male)?
How can I make my hair look like this:?
My wht gold necklace was placed in a jewelry solution cleaner with a silver plated necklace & is tarnished!?
Is NuMe products sold in stores?
im wearing nose pin for last 8 years now i dont want to wear nose pin any more...how to close my piercing..?
how to get rid of the habit of showering everyday?
Where can I buy cheap prom dresses under 50$?
What colour should I dye my hair?
How can I make my hair look like this by doing it on my own?
bob that's longer at the front and short at the back?
Is aloe vera gel or coconut oil and vitamin e oil better for under eye dark circles?
Your shower routine...?
Where can you buy biotin fron in the uk?and are there any possible side effects?
Can people get nose jobs to make their nostrils smaller?
Leather Converses ???
Are my UGGS going to be okay?
17 year old growing facial hair help ?
can a hair cut change make you look sightly more attractive?
What is your favourite inexpensive body lotion?
hairbrush that puts out liquids?
What would match with Galaxy Leggings?
Did shapeup oil & shapeup gel both are used at the same time?
Which is better?????????????
What should I wear tomorrow?
Topman jeans, and similar brands?
Is it normal for the hair on your head to be brown but the hair on your arms to be blonde?
Girls, - hot/attractive or not?
Help! Dry skin, scaly skin, spots. Please help.?
Skincare trouble or mayhem.?
Can i get a bob that's longer in the front and shorter in the back eventough?
hi, i have oily skin. and more dandruf in my sculp. so please help to solution in my condition. any shampoo?
How to get rid of blackheads fast?
How to get rid of whiteheads fast?
How to heal cuts on face fast?
What is prom?What do u do at prom?
can I get a tattoo in Kansas at age 17?
What Can I Do To Hydrate My Hair?
What watch is this person wearing?
does apple cider vinegar have any side effects on hair?
Is it possible to smoke hookah without tobacco?
if you wear a guys shirt, are people gonna notice?
homemade hair masks for oily scalp and greasy hair?
How to get a good spray tan?
How long would it take to do a tattoo like this?
Where can I buy leather that is humane?
New school with no uniform?
is gel bad for your hair?
What should my clothing range be called?
Should I buy my partner this watch?
Shave or keep the hair?
How long should a professional 2 mm derma-roller be used on face? 10 points.?
Would this be a good tattoo idea?
Earring maybe not healing properly?
Dimana bisa Beli Dress Tiedye yang Model bajunya trendi warna Jumputan tidak Norak dan tentu harga tidak mahal?
Does wearing a snapback make me a swagfag?
Conch piercing HELP!?
i am planning to order a bracelet on amazon.com ...but how to know the size of it?
Question about Hairstyle: Does shorter hair make me look older or younger?
A question about designer sarees?
when will my septum stop hurting?
How to reduce lip scabs ASAP?
Cool styles of making two ponytails ?
How to gain the confidence to wear what i want?
I used a blemish correcter and now were i put it is red?
Doing my makeup at sephora?
your opinion on this outfit?
what hairstyle suits me?
Does anyone know any creams or wash face that works to stop getting acne?
Please help me with shoe size.?
am i looking good?(pic)?
Do people wear Converse High Tops in Winter?
WHich is the best Colour Hoodie?
How can I make this shirt look less masculine?
whats in your makeup bag?
whats a good makeup bag?
where can i get this EXACT hoodie?
what's your home remedy/product to remove blackheads?
where can i find snake jewellry?
What is that Asian dress coat called?
would silver jewelry go with a flowy lace dress?
good strengthener for thin, peeling nails?
is covergirl simply ageless concealer discontinued?
I need yours help., dandruff problem?
how can you tell the difference between siver, stering silver and silverplate?
What goes best with Wine Velvet fabric?
Need opinion abt me for SM audition?
Career as a beauty Therapist??
recommend me some vs body mist!?
how to get a thinner face in a month?
Which shaving gel and razor are good?
Voguespex.co.uk glasses and sunglasses.?
How do I stop my hair from frizzing in the rain.?
When can I use tobacco chew again?
Pro and cons of being a beauty therapist?
Can I switch my earring?
What nationality do I look like?
Is it ok for new tattoo to sweat?
Am I bow legged? (picture)?
How can I make my self look more like Selena gomez?
Are my eyes hooded or just small?
I got highlight in my hair but I do not like them?
Best hair growth products?
How to remove public hairs ? What is the safe way to do it ?
What are some good online shops for young women?
should i get the nars bronzer, benefit hoola bronzer or the too faced chocolate soleil bronzer?
What color are my eyes?! Help!!?
Would I look okay with blonde hair?
How long should I wait before changing my nose piercing?
Your best drug store Mascara?
What should I wear at my new school?
Pros and cons of being a makeup artist?
How can I smoothen my chin?
Curly hair with pixie hair cut?
how to get clearer skin in 2 weeks?
My acrylic nail feel to sharp.!?
heels or no heels for homecoming?
What size should I get for this Twill cotton jacket ?
My hair is cray cray, please help!!!!!?
Does it matter if people can see my knickers through my leggings?
who is the most handsome and attractive bald guy?
What do you call those crop tops that look like bras?
Should I dye my hair again...?
How to remove hair relaxers wax?!?!?
What kind of shoes are appropriate to wear with this dress?
What color should I dye my hair?
How to dress for a new years in times square themed dance, please help?
how much are shape wear at walmart?
Do guys like freckles on (non-ginger) girls?
how do i hide my belly in my dress?
Is it impossible to stop hair loss?
Small bump under tattoo?
How can you get a job designing shoes ?
Naturally hair oils good for our hair?
Is this hairloss?(pic)?
A surgery that can decrease the size of you aereo las?
I need a diet to get a fairer complexion?
What are some things I can do to look prettier?
is it okay to wear a pair of jeans two days in a row?
is it okay to wear a pair of jeans two days in a row?
What kind of dress should I wear to winter ball? HELP!!!!?
how Much do saggy boobs matter to men?
Could I have picked up lice??? Help!?
Suggest where I can buy cheap lingerie for daily wear. It has to be hygienic too!?
does ANYTHING work for undereye bags?
Bleached Hair to Black?
is it ok to pierce through a mole?
Am I doing this right do I need to try something else?
is black velvet high waisted dress shorts okay to a casually nice wedding?
Coconut and olive oil good for hair?
Experience.. I am planning on piercing my tragus..?
George Brand Clothing?
how to get rid of a very infected ingrown hair?
need help with a tattoo quote?
What color should I dye my hair?
What color is your hair right now?
where can i get necklaces for men?
How can i remove my back dermals without going and having someone else do it?
Do you pay for your own clothes or do your parents pay for them?
Bee pollen and hair growth!?
What makeup do you wear for everyday?
bottom eye liner makeup?
what kind of haircut is this?
How to fix stiff jeans?
What type of body/face do girls generally like?
Dry and damaged hair: leave in conditioner same as a heat protectant spray?
What is a good drug store shampoo for hair grow?
What color should we use for prom?
Light features for an armenian plzz answer?
Should I start smoking?
How should I lengthen a skirt that is all lace?
Fashion advice on this outfit?
would it be weird to wear a wedding dress to prom?
Is water good for your hair?
Would you consider or hair blonde or brunette 10 pts best answer?
How to make my eyes appear bluer?
I have thick, bushy frizzy hair..help?
Online Store to buy long men scarf?
what color should i dye my hair?
Is there a way to wear silicon pushup pads without a bra?
What is my body shape?
Self piercing care tips?
how to get african american hair to grow?
Can I pull off a pixie cut?
Are long necklaces still in fashion?
Good box dye to achieve red hair?
What to wear to a Mosque?
How to fix nose cartilage?
How often to wash hair?
Should I post a pic of me during?
whats happening to my skin!?
Swollen Vagina? help!!?
Can you give honest opinion on my hair?!?
What is my face shape? (Pic included)?
Will Color Oops return my hair to it's natural color from salon semi-permanent color?
Will Color Oops return my hair to it's natural color from salon semi-permanent color?
i have these acid wash jeans but havent a clue how to wear them?
So it's my 18th birthday tomorrow and I'm not sure what to wear and need help. Any suggestions?
Big Lips...good or bad?!?
What kind of hair dye/color should I use?
what jeans make your butt look bigger?
Where can i buy pink hair dye in Seoul?
So i lightened my hair with hydrogen peroxide and i was wondering if it fades fast slowly or at all?
How to grow nice eye brows?
Can chubby girls wear bikinis? And is it better to wear board shorts with it or not?
Do you think MAC's REBEL lipstick would look nice on olive skin tone?
10 PTS - wearing a bikini (+ board shorts) -pics included-?
bulimic and new lip piercing?
I just got a Marilyn Monroe piercing and it is swelling up and a little puffy?
When can I change my rose ring?
how do I make my butt smaller and toned?
Will a black empire cut dress (above the knee) work with black opaque tights and plum mary jane heels shoes?
Acne scars? How long till they go away.?
Women - in which country do you think women wear the sexiest bikinis?
what is your opinion on belly button piercings?
What color will get rid on red?
Why did my red hair dye come out black/violet looking?
Anyone a skin care junky? What do u use? What should I be doing?
what to wear to school?
where can i get a low hanging shoulder bag?
Is this outfit Ok for my interview?
is macadamia shampoo good for oily hair?
where's the best place/website to buy tattoo ink?
What is good for woman lightly hair lost?
Why are there no hats for your shoulders?
Would taking vitamin D supplements help with hair loss in any way?
Hair on TOP of nose:?
When a guy at school whispers to himself \shes so pretty\when you walk by does he like you?
What's another store similar to Urban Outfitters?
Acne is terrible any sugjestions?
How do I get my hair back to it's natural colour? (Or a nicer colour)?
What's a good homemade facial for me? Please see details:)?
Any good Hispanic girls on YouTube with makeup tutorials?
Hair dye not taking to hair like it used too, how do I fix that?
i need help with my belly pierced again!!?
trouble with body jewlery?
How to make my hair grow fastt?
what to do after you take out your nipple piercing?
Help me find this mens boot *5 stars!!!?
Will this sweater fit me right?
I want to cut my daughter's long hair into a short bob. I just want to see her in a new look.?
Why is my hair so staticky after dyeing it...!?!?
Why do I think im ugly?
Is the ability to design fashion needed to be a fashion magazine editor?
what is this dress called?
What's the right way to grow long hair back?
ideas for frizzy hair?
\Don't pray Don't beg Fight\ Tattoo meaning?
How long do I keep plastic wrap on foot tattoo?
What shape eye do i have?
HELP!!!!! I'm wearing long sleeve pink cardigan with a white long sleeve under, what color pants?
Aberombie and fitch to small?
I got my hair colored at a salon and its now fading?
What can I wear with these booties?
Does my belly button piercing look like its healing right?
My hair is dark brown right now, can I get it to a dark red without bleaching it?
I want a belly ring but am I to chubby is the question ..?
Natural Remedies For Acne-Prone Skin?
what size jeans do i wear?
How to improve my looks?
Should I cut my hair short?
When does TJ Maxx do their yellow tag clearance markdowns?
Where can I get a bandage skirt?
Best body wash you recommend?
which is better looking of these two?
Should I wear this to prom?
Is the Caroline sweater from Brandy Melville worth it?
My eyes are watery and my face gets puffy randomly?answer!!!!!!!!?
What's the best louis vuitton bag for university/college?
Would i know if i had a blowout?
Is bb cream and concealer the same thing?
How do I make my own clothes?
How can an Asian guy look more white/European?
Girls: do you think tom hardy is attractive?
Rimmel BB Cream and powder?
Girls, do guys notice you more when you wear pantyhose/stockings etc?
Guys: Do you think curves are sexy?
Hair and make-up salons in Vancouver/Portland?
Do you prefer short or long hair style?
What is the best Nivea lip balm?
Belly button piercing on small belly button?
What are the limits to piercings if you want to be a model?
Is gel suppose to be rubbed completely in?
Is Vidal Sassoon a good shampoo and conditioner?
Y-shaped clip on suspenders pull the back of my shirt up?
Is it haram to wear these kinda of clothes?
Quick question. Please help?
North face winter coat?
which is the best looking of these three?
I dye and flat iron my hair quite a bit and its really damaged and dried out. What can I do to get it healthy?
How can an Asian guy look more white?
Can I wear this shirt to school?
What to soak my lip piercing needle in?
How do I make my mascara show up?
Hi, this is a funny question to ask, but I'm curious of how to have a lighter skin.?
I really just cannot stand myself. How to change?
What is a good way to remove mascara?
Good products for making my hair grow longer?
what direction to face tattoo script?
any makeup gurus wanna tell me how to make my foundation look like this?
I need a bra but I just can't ask!! Help???!!!!?
Shaving \Down Their\ (GIRLS ONLY)?
How do you clean the clarisonic mia?
Will acrylic nails break when I go bowling the day after?
Can i use the mineral therapy body wash- st. ives on my face?
Tipping your tattoo artist?
My clothes are tight suddenly?
When can I wear my uggs?
what volume developer should I use to dye my hair?
Value of Vintage Neiman Marcus Dress?
Should I wear this shirt tomorrow?
What else can I keep my shoes closed with?
Diy tongue web piercing urgent?
How to tie your hair like Brad Pitt in Troy?
Ladies only! Movie date outfit?
why don't we girls just wear wigs?
How much would it cost to get my penis pierced in the North West of the UK?
Where to get a tattoo at 17?
project runway Mary Kay special code?
how to pierce your own belly button at home?
Can someone please help me find this dress?!?
what do I do if im a teen with acne im in 8th grade?
How can I keep my hair flat?
Can I use my ear piercing solution from Claire on my belly piercing?
Which one of these jackets is better/warmer?
Do waxing strips work?
Do any stores carry bh cosmetics?
please help with this! eyeliner probs?
Are my feet freakishly small?
Air Jordan sizing help!?
Does anyone know what these skinny jeans are called and where I can buy them?
How to get Adriana Lima' hair?
Guys what type of girls do you like the most?
What pornstar has a purple flower tatoo on her right hip?
which breast implants are safer?
Sunglasses HELP..!!??
Can I switch my piercings yet?
30 or 40 volume developer for bleaching hair?
Okay, so im a girl, and have hair on my back that goes all the way to my butt, also have hair on my chest?
shaving cream a mandutory to use?
why does my foundation make my face look pink?
Does anyone know how to dip dye chiffon?
My friend and I are going to a One Direction concert and I wanted to know what to wear?
Are denim jackets comfortable?
Make your nose smaller without surgery?
Will my face change as I get older?
Is it true that braiding your hair makes it grow faster?
Which shoes? Vans or Ralph Lauren?
Will I have to take my cheek piercings out for the navy?
How to dress and look good.?
navy blue or white tshirt?
Short baby dreadlock styles?
What haircut/hairstyle should I get?
Why is my hair still super shiny even though i havent taken a bath for 5 days?
hair is getting shorter and thinner without trimming?
Should I wax my arms?
Damages and Process of Bleaching Dark Hair?
im a 19 year old guy, and what i like to wear women swimsuits, like the full body water polo ones, am i alone?
Give a guy a girly makeover?
what should i do? help me?
IS it normal to have a better arch in one foot than the other - [video of my arches]?
what accessories (including hair piece) would look best with my wedding dress?
How to get lighten your hair at home?
I have too many clothes! What do I do?
Can you use queen helene coca butter to make your lips softer?
At what age did you look in the mirror and go \whoa, I'm getting older, it's...?
How to get silky straight hair?
How to dress if you're fat?
Why did my green eyes turn dark brown?
I used apple cider vinegar as hair rinse for dandruff, but I've noticed more flakes?!?
please help! THNX!!!!!!!!!!?
asos skinny jeans fit?
I got a problem, i have hair on my back and chest , stomach, is this normal?
how tall of a heell should a male to female crossdresser wear n still be able to walk in them?
How do people see me?
How can i grow my hair longer?
what should I put on the front of a plain navy blue dress?
How to see what you actually look like to other people?
Powder Makeup Advice?
How long should you wait to dye your hair again? (Lighter)?
My eye brows brake out after I get them waxed?
home coming dress help!?
what size should i stretch my ear lobes next?
How to get scars off of your face?
how to wear this for a hosa event?
why do good looking celebrities get plastic surgery?
Which scarf looks best for this outfit?
Does the nail strengthener help get rid of yellow nails?
How do you like this?
What color tights should I wear with my outfit?
what is a good dupe for collection concealer?
I'm going to turn 18, how do I ask mom for a tattoo?
Is black lipstick too much for school?
T shirt printing help?
Damaged hair and growth tips?
Which wen product smells the best..? .-.?
How well does Covergirl 3-in-1 foundation work?
Converse size help please!?
My astringent burned my face please help??
Does it look weird to wear a diamond ring and a white pearl ring (both gold) at the same time?
where can you get something sewed?
How to untangle hair without pain.?
Should I Get This Haircut ??
Why am i so short for a girl?
Should I buy Sassy mitchell or Yummy hair?
Any easy short hairstyles like this? (Picture included)?
How to shop at Forever 21?
Is it okay to use two moisturizers on the face?
Fastest way to make your hair grow?
I have annoying skin need a makeup routine to help ?
Do pretty girls love being approach by guys?
What should I wear for school on no uniform day?
What should I wear for school on no uniform day?
What should I wear for school on no uniform day?
Should I wear 40 or more layers in the winter?
Skater dress like Ariana Grande's ?
Help, leather converses?
Are there any good over-night hairstyles you could recommend?
Can anyone tell me the value of an FMD watch; base metal bezel 1305, stainless steel back?
What exactly IS \fantasy\ fashion?
What color tops and bottoms would go well with this beanie?
WHICH CONCEALER MAYBELLINE OR REVLON?
is my belly ring infected ?
How much is a tattoo?
My mom won't let me wear concealer?
Nars Creamy Concealer? Mac studio Fix?
Help! I'm gonna have to cut my hair!!?
Basic question about eye make up?
why are boxer shorts so popular?
Painful nose peircing?
Anywhere to buy a hoodie like this one?
Combat boots and a polo for a girl?
Pleaaase what should I wear with them ???!?
How do you get wrinkles out of suede?
Can I perm my hair like this? (Pictures)?
Where can I get a goth haircut in Brownsville, TX?
Im 16 years old and I want to work at Pacsun or zumiez ?
Is it ok for your bra to show through your blouse?
My earlobes won't stretch to a 6g?
How can you become a model at 13?
Can you tell me if this is a real gold chain?
Where can I buy a wallet/wristlet for Galaxy S4?
What is the difference between brands of professional hair color?
How do I convince my mum to let me wear Cropped Tops?
Make hair grow really fast??
what type of clothing is this and where can I buy similar?
Will %100 cotton stretch?
Does Anyone know how I can dye my hair like this? (A YouTube video link would be good)?
What converse should i get!? Please help me!!?
I want to get a tattoo? (I will be turning 18)?
I need a new hairstyle look I'm sick of high ponytails any suggestions ? PLEASE HELP!! :)?
What natural HAIR COLOR would you choose if you could change your Natural Hair Color?
How to have a nose piercing during sports?
how should I cut my hair?
I Need Advice...........?
my gf who is 23 yrs old, is wanting a fur coat, what kind should I buy her?
Eye question! I have eyelashes in my inner corners!! Please answer!?
Galaxy print bandeau?
How often does one have to wait to bleach his hair again?
What color shirt should I get?
how to fade hair dye super fast?
Why do girls love prom so much?
What are some cute and cheap online stores for teen girls?
how do i hide these scars in gym class?
Why do girls love prom so much?
Hip Microdermals? At age 14?
where is a good place to buy cheap oversized bows?
whats the best hairstyle for me?
NEED HELP TO FIND THESE SHOE/BOOTS?
Where can I buy a flower for a guys suit? Please help!!?
Is it worth it to get Rogaine extra stength or just go with the fragrance free foam?
What is a good way to wear my makeup?
Can I take my earrings out??
pink iphone 5c cute cases?
HAIR CRISIS!!!??!! WHAT AM I TO DO?
How do you put on makeup?
How much does MAC foundation cost in general?
Opinion on my hair? trying to get more of a 50's look?
Opinion on my hair? trying to get more of a 50's look?
What is your favorite hair and eye color combo?
Hair color change (pic)?
Desert army boots and black skinny jeans?
What to do to repair my damaged hair?
Nose piercings: yay or nay?
Where can I buy affordable Party Dresses?
im not photogenic so am i really ugly?
Do the chemicals in facial washes really do bad to your skin?
What makeup/foundation/concealer has maximum coverage and isn't too expensive?
are ankle pants petite size or just crop pants in regular size?
What is the purpose of ammonia in hair color?
I want to try cerave foaming and purpose?
Is neutrogena wave sonic really worth buying?
what to wear with a gray and black leopard print shirt?
Can I use ordinary nail polish on acrylic nails?
Does cetaphil gentle cleanser actually clean your skin?
how to get thinner hair?
Are my eyebrows to thin/look weird?
Dance is tomorrow Any hair style ideas!?
Sunscreen before or after moisturizer?
how long does a piercing scar take to heal?
How to bleach my hair to white? And how to get my parent's agreement?
What kind of shoes are these?
Whats the difference?
My hair is red and I am not sure what color I want to go with?
hey does anyone have any ideas to what i should do to my hair?
Hot oil treatment? For hair?
What clearsonic brush should I get?
How can I grow thicker, longer hair?
Should I leave my short tapers in? (14g)?
Is the makeup forever hd foundation good for combo skin?
I need help about piercings!!!!!!!?
I have a ring on layaway, Put money on it but want another ring in the store instead can I exchange it?
How to get stronger nails?
How to get stronger nails?
what to wear with these vans?
How to make hair look nicer?
Help! Anyone who gets their nails done at a salon?
What is a onesie? Do people use it outside the house?
Why don't my clothes fit?
A couple questions about piercings and dying hair?
Should I be proud that I have a 21 inch waist?
How do you make your hair grow really long and quickly?
Why am I getting turned away at threading salons as a guy?
Can anyone suggest a really beautiful residential pampering spa towards the north of England?
How can I reduce the size and weight of my breast?
Is it normal to lose a strand of hair when you put your fingers through your head?
Do you like those jeans?
Piercing my ears after a long time?
I have wrinkles at 18?
I got my helix pierced 4 and a half week ago and I changed the earring already! Is this bad?
Good UV Nail Lamps suggestions?
I need a great picture of grav3yardgirl or bunny meyer!?
whats the best product to cover up eye bags?
searching for this key.?
Is 34B a small cup size for my weight/height?
do teen boys like the fishtail braids and other kinds?
I'm a guy and I wear thongs?
Do Bury Tomorrow do a sew on patch?
If you see a guy wearing a belly shirt would you assume he's gay?
what do you think of my fashion blog?
Hey South Asian/Desi pps, what is she wearing on her head?
How do you become a hairdresser?
I bleached my gray converse?
Manic Panic Virgin Snow on Orange Hair?
how to tke care of your split ends?
Should I bleach my hair first or not?
Where do you think would be the best place to get a Equality symbol tattoo?
How to make your hair stay nice all day?
do my nipples look wierd in the photo for a guy?
Where can I buy Camo?
Does turmeric alone lighten your skin?
Will my tattoo stay and will I be okay?
What color swimsuit would look the best on me?
What do you guys think about a girl with a tattoo?
I need a hot, but sort of modest outfit?
Where can I find good band shirts online?
How can I revamp my wardrobe after gaining some holiday weight? Please no negative?
How to start a Lingerie business ???
i have a haircut and a highlight at 6pm.?
How should I get a six pack?
How can I make my hair less greasy without washing it?
underarm shaving help!!?
What would happen if I did nothing to my hair for 6 months?
GOING THROUGH METAL DETECTORAR THE AIRPORT WITH A NOSE PIERCING?
Is it okay for me to wear glasses if i don't need them but can see perfect in them?
what body shape is this?
Guys, what do you think of girls with nose piercings?
Shall I wear this for prom?
Whats a really good tattoo shop that won't give me a disease?
How to dye a denim jacket totally black?
Can you apply blush with a kabuki brush (2 BQ)?
What happens if I use colour remover on purple hair that has previously been bleached?
any idea on a supr cool fashion blog name?
Does the Ambi CocoButter Cleansing Bar Fade Acne Scars Or Dark Spots ?
How to get by with skinny pants at school?
Where can I find these mens boots *HELP*?
Does anyone know of a good site to buy clip on earrings?
how do i change my hair?
greasy / oily hair helppppp?
opinions on this prom dress?
How to have my makeup with a black dress and gold accessories?
Is using olive oil as a night cream advantageous? Or should I mix it with my own night cream?
How much Wella T18 should i mix with developer?
I have become obsessed with my skin. Do all women experience this?
Where can I buy this t-shirt?
Is it possible to lighten dyed black hair without going to a salon?
I know how to contour, but which is the best highlighting makeup to use that's in stores?
How to get over a fear of having a piercing?
What do you think of jean jackets and jeans on guys? :) DETAILED RESPONSES PLEASE :D?
I stepped on the backs of some guys shoes?
What is the best skin colour, to you? Which looks the nicest?
Im scheduled for getting a tattoo soon - will using a numbing cream interfere with the procedure?
High school girls: what is your favorite/ sexiest facial hair style on a guy ?
beauty blog name ideas?
Rolex watches was founded in London..?
Can someone please describe Rihanna's hair in this image?
I have been dying my hair blonde for years with box dye but I want to stop?
What should I wear with this?
which shoes? Vans or Ralph Lauren?
Would this outfit be ok for a training day tomorrow?
Will this wave my hair?
I'm I white or black?
Piercings help anyone?:)?
How to have blonde hair with no damage?
Zenni Optical Promo Code?
Which Mane n tail shampoo works better?
what side should I get my rook pierced on?
Can a 19yr girl use Johnson's baby cream and lotion?
What else do i have to buy ?
Lets swap clothes this second what would i end up wearing?
Lets swap clothes this second what would i end up wearing?
Can I dye my dark hair ash blonde?
HELP!!!!! how to reduce redness of spots/ remove spots?
**Suggested Price for these Louboutine heels!?
Can eyelash enhancers also be used for growing the volume of eyebrows?
Where can I find this prom dress? (link included)?
how bad will this tattoo hurt? will I be able to handle it?
Question about getting my hair cut?
Is the urban decay naked 3 worth buying?
White hair! not quite achieved :(?
Is Cara Delevinge short to be a VS model or a model?
Lolita Bodyline measerments?
to buy or not to buy makeup?
Anyone else having problems with boohoo?
Suitable Clothes To Wear To An Interiew?
Which haircut looks better on me?
how should i wear my hair with this outfit??????
Taxi 12 Air Jordan authentic?
Girls.... Do you think this dress is cute?
Dr martens to small or big?
I wear sperry's to school everyday, is it best to wear socks? or not wear socks?
Will I ever get my thick long hair back?
Are sew in wigs bad for your hair?
Can models have nose piercings?
How do I make my beard look darker?
Do any stores sell fleece tights or leggings for guys?
Im a girl and have stubble at the back of my neck????
How to partially naturally dread hair?
How to grow my long hair back thicker and longer?
I have odd and unique features, can I still be a model?
damaged hair from straightening too much?
About Conditioning My Hair?
Tattoo ideas based on adoption?
How do I get this hair cut? What do I say to the hair dresser?
My hair is always rank....yuck!?
Do you wear a regular bra under a nike pro sports bra ?
damaged hair from straightening hair?
Which shoes should I choose?
Do you wear a regular bra under a nike pro sports bra ?
I want to dye my hair blonde but I don't know how long I should wait or what I should do?
What colour will suit my hair best?
Can I dye non-virgin remy hair?
I have interviewed everywhere and cannot get a job???????????????????????????????????
Is there a hair product that makes your hair look like dreads but washes right out?
Does it hurt to get tragus pierced?
How to a get the beachy wave hairstyle?
Which clairsonic brush head should I get?
will Splat hair dye stain my glass plugs?
Does it hurt to get you nose pierced?
Would this be a good memorial tattoo for my grandpa?
will going through the metal detector with a stud nose piercing make the metal detector go off?
Has anyone purchased knock-off Adventure Time leggings from ebay?
Are the measurements 33-24-35 good for a 5'9\ 19 year old girl?
Unusual things to make a dress from? e.g Lego, Barbie dolls, socks etc?
Covergirl Natureluxe Liquid Foundation is Gone!?
What sort of clothes look good on tall, hourglass figured girls?
WHERE CAN I FIND THESE MENS BOOTS?
what will happen if i use purple shampoo in brown hair?
What to wear with this?
How do I measure my wrist/arm for Indian bangles?
Calling all hairdressers!!! lightening hair 3 levels?
Dr Numb reviews please?
Going blonde from red ?
military ball formal dress, help!?
What is the name of this head tie?
Why do we apply perfume to our wrists and necks?
How can I wear my fringe down-it gets so greasy?
How do i get rid of my acne?
Does this type of hoodie have a \name\?
Does anyone know where Lana Del Rey got this dress from?Or a similar dress?
How long does greasy hair during puberty last?
I want to go into sfx makeup but don't think I'm good?
How much can I get for this watch ? (Any Experts out there)?
hellpppp i was removing guy-liner w/ a towel & now my eyes are burningggg?
Using brown shoe polish on yellow shoes?
What tops/jumpers can I wear to show off my lower neck tattoo?
whats good dress for a male to female cross dresser to wear?
are these jeans too skinny for guys?
Am I considered \curvy\?
I feel ugly compared to other gitls?
how can i ask my mum if i can wear makeup?
from whuch site I will order a slouch beanie which reach to kota?
What is your favorite shoe brand?
How can I get into tattooing?
i bought fake converse but dont want people to find out?
how to get clientale as a hairdresser?
Would you wear it on a first date? Pics Included?
What facial features are considered beautiful?
Should I get my second hole, eyebrow, or nose pierced?
Does anyone know where I can get replacement faux fur collars for a biker jacket?
Hookah pens!! Please help?
What to dress in a costume party ?
What do you think of a tattoo saying \she talks to Angels\0?
Does true match foundation go off?
What do you think of a tattoo saying \she talks to Angels\0?
Where can I find Ralph Lauren rugby bracelet?
How do you get one of the best bodies?
What's a good way to make myself more pale without white foundation?
What color should I dye my hair?
What can I do about my orange brassy hair color?
anybody remember this?
can someone give me tips on how to style my box braids?
How do the shoemakers size shoes ?
Are these products good to use on my face?
U entered a bus -in tht u saw 7 girls -each girl has 7 bags -in each bag there are 7 big?
Will my nose shatter?
Do I suit this hairstyle?
How does helmet wearing affect hair growth and hair health?
Tall girl with big feet, I'm scared I'll look a transvestite in heels?
What's password of the internet at Shannon hair dedign?
Is it ok to still wet my hair on my Non Shampoo day?
Are my measurements okay to become a model?
What shoes should I get?
Surgeon says my nose job will make face too big?
Swollen tragus piercing?!?
Do you think it's worth taking them out?
Im thinking of getting a tatoo..but unsure what to get?
How do i weigh my hair down?
what to wear for an event, bf ex will be there?
Stupid question about dermal piercings?
Wrist tattoo ideas to represent loss of father?
What to wear to a country concert in the winter?
Hi how do you get rid of a spot over night?
How can i make my curls fall?
What is the difference between Armani J21 and J31 jeans?
where can i get numbing gel to put on my nipples before i get them pierced?
Which ones are better?
Tattoo time/pain level?
Should I change my lip ring?
Girlfriend smoked pot 3 months ago.Will she pass a hair follicle test?
Can I trust this eBay seller (buying a watch)?
what should i wear on my 18th birthday?
I want to semi permanently dip dye my hair purple in summer with some friends...?
How to get a manly face?
How to dye [my hair's] over grown roots without breaking the bank?
i want to go back blonde but worried about stripping it?
What shoes(heels) did pepper wear in iron man 3?
Why do I feel dirty just 1 day after a Shower?
i stained my white vans with dirt?
how to keep my hair from being annoying?
Which ones do you prefer?
Which of these two companies are better Clinique or Clarins? Read Below?
I have bald spots from hair tracks what to do to regrow hair?
My dad won't let me get my ears pierced?
hair regrowth products?
Using Eucerin creme for my face?
i just bought a face toner but i dont know why?
What Is The Name Of This Hairstyle And How To Style It .. ?? Image Attached Below ..?
how am I looking friends please must tell...?
Do nose piercings never close up....?
What can I wear this with?
Is olive oil healthy for all hair types?
What to put in an accessory store.?
i got my ears pierced 6 weeks ago, and i was wondering how fast the hole will close when i change them, thanks?
Where can I buy wholesale real Jordan's?
Where can I get fragrant oils,great quality ? for cosmetics thanks !?
Temporary silver hair (without bleaching)?
Manic Panic Silver (dye hard stiletto)?
What are the most recommended salons in SM Megamall for hair and makeup service?
i found a picture of a dress online and i really wanna know where to get it. how can i find this dress?
How do i make my big brown eyes smaller?
What do you think looks better on an light brown asian: Curly or Straight hair? (Guy)?
What kind of top is this?
would I suit a buzz cut (pic included)?
Can I go from ombre hair to completely red?
Is cowhide or saffiano leather better?
Washing your hair every other day?
Where to find cross earring like George Michael?
Why don't more women wear low cut dresses revealing their cleavage? I think that is very stylish.?
Hairstyle help for 19 year old guy (with pic)?
Am I curvy or slim...?
Best product to remove false eyelash glue from natural lashes?
I want to have a beard like this..how?
What's in style ? What's in ?
How much does an anti eyebrow piercing hurt?
lip piercing huuurts please help?
Is my Decision to buy olive oil to make my hair more thicker is right?
How to grow beard like wolverine?
cream lace dress accessories help!?
I want to reduce the amount of hair?
Where can I watch Pretty Little Liars ?!!!?!?
Hair Problem: How can i dye my bleach blonde hair back to brown?
how to choose a hair colour?
where to get tria hair removing machine in india?
How would getting a perm affect already curly hair?
What kind of frames would suit people with big eyes?
how to choose a hair colour?
taping up breasts for dress how to?
Professional Salon Blonde Hair Dye?
can someone please help me find this dress?
How to shave........which beard would suit me...?
Premature wrinkles around eyes, help!?
Why dose my skin always change color?
What are those side hair called which you purposely cut to give some definition to your face?
Can amla juice be kept on hair for several days instead of overnight?
How to look after red hair on holiday?
What if I bought fake Mac cosmetics or other high end products?
i just won a giveaway!!!?
What if I bought fake Mac cosmetics or other high end products?
Can I apply honey, as it is, to my hair and wash it off?
what is my longines womens watch worth?
How can I lighten the lining of a purse without changing the whole lining as it has lots of pockets, zippers,?
Is it bad that I don't condition my hair?
What should i do in a tattoo studio to impress the artists? (As an apprentice)?
Would dying my hair back to brown after using sun-in ruin my hair even more?
How do I get rid of my dark circles under eyes due to sleep? (reward)?
Is moisturizing your face important?
Am I am attractive guy?
Can anyone tell me where I can find/buy this bra from?
Are there sunglass contact lenses?
Help! Is it not a scam website? Maybe you know? Saleuggonlines.com I needed your answer,what do you think:)?
Will american girl's like my height?
What do I do?!:((?...?
Is my nail lamp UV or LED?
Do specific tattoos fade ?
Why are people, especially guys, so obsessed with (my) long hair?
Is this bad?:(?......?
What is wrong with my head?? Please help!?
PLEASE HELP ! WHAT CLOTHES SHALL I BUY ?
How do men's Express jeans fit?
masturbation cause hair loss when ejaculate?
Help with home dyeing my hair blonde to brunette please?
i want to dye my hair but i can't decide what color?!?
Which natural oils (that can be found in kitchen) can temporarily make your lips more full, fat and plump?!?
What size Sperrys do I wear?
would it be bad to strip and bleach my hair?
Can I re- Pierce my nose piercing on the same spot?
Which is the good foundation for night parties ?
How tall is skandar keyney?
How to do hairstyle like zayn malik?
How to remove fluff off clothing?
Can i buy clothes then customize them and sell them online?
Feedback on my polyvore account?
Suggest a swimsuit to me, please?
Getting ACLS certification online from comfort of home?
m having very dark color of lips.wt should i do to improve d color of my lips hw to make it pink?
17 and hair is thinning! :'(?
Do you think I have a big forehead?e a?
looking for a style in women's jeans?
How can I start my own clothing/fashion line?
putting makeup on mersa?
would a black shirt,grey pants,and red vans look right together?
Hair rebond is safe for pregnant woman?
Do these girls look like sisters?
I make every girls wet when they stand near me?
Please help me friends to let me know about this ?
Where to buy adult onesies (footed pajamas) in the Philippines?
Does your nipple have to be erect to get it pierced?
Is it bad to wear sun block lotion everyday?
Online shopping sites?
Help me out! Best colors for pale skin, brown hair and hazel eyes?
What colour to dye my hair? (Any advice is welcome!)?
Where to get a hair transplant?
What Kind Of Permanent Wave Soultion Should i get For My Hair ?
what type of makeup is best for winters?
Can I pull of a Pixie Cut?
I need Pacsun 20% off Promo/Coupon Code?
Can I bleach a stripe in my hair while attending Rma?
All my friends say I should become a model.. what do you think should I?
The Ph of Selsun Blue?
Why was there white in my hair.?
Cheek creases and wrinkle's?!?
Question about bb cream?
Can I get this kind of hair?
What are the pro and cons of bangs?
Would a monokini make you look fatter than just wearing a two piece?
Looser curls when hair is longer?
How is my figure? I am 13?
Do you like this sweater?
What tshirt is good for thin people, collar tshirt/normal tshirt?
Short hair style for my wife, should I ask her to cut it.?
Would the color of this top go with skirt?
How to have hair like tori vega from victorious?
What are good web sites to buy monokinis ?
Wedding pls helppppppp?
is it ok to remove the exess hair on the sides of my face with a small razor?
Which online website is best for jewellery shopping?
How dose this kid do his hair like this?
Does Fish oil and vitamin E work on your breast too?
how to have hair like tori vega from victorious?
Should I buy a new dress?
Splitting hair even though I do not use absolutely any heat on it :(please help?
I've had my tattoo over a month and it still has scabs. normal?
Where can i get a leg lengthening cosmetic surgery in the U.S?
Where can I get a v-line cosmetic surgery in the U.S?
Is it better to wear black shoes instead of white shoes?
Which outfit looks more \spring\-y?
What kardashian Kollection handbag can fit a macbook pro 15\?
My lip have become thinner each year what can I do to plump them back up without injections?
How to make your eyelashes longer, thicker?
Opinions on this denim jacket?
Are there women's Foamposites shoes ?
Accidently pulled tattoo scab off?
Would I look thinner in a one piece?
How to Ombre hair at home?
How can I make a leather jacket look feminine?
Does anyone know how to do these waves? PLEASE HELP?
What will be a nice dress style for graduation?
Hair style suggestions for long straight hair?
How to make penies big in best cream?
What's the best make up tip for eyes with different eye folds?
What kind of makeup, shoes, and hair should I wear with this dress?
What type of underwear do I wear with jeans?
Hair Breakage the difference from a Split End?
Good Natural hair products ?
Is it gay for a guy to wear these ?
Thick green felt please?
Make up (eyeliner) advice?
Should I get my snug pierced?
Does MelaGlow cream contains Hydroquinone? It's not written in ingredients.?
Where to get UV tattoos in NYC?
How long does temperory curls last?
How to layer your own hair at home?
which photo catches your eye more?
Uk shoe size need help?
Has anyone ordered and received their TOMS from tomscheap.us ? ?
Hair loss solution for a 16 year old ? ):?
What Looks Good With Black Combat boots?
Really need tips of growing my hair back how to take care of it?
Growing my hair out tips and tricks?
would vacuuming hair get rid of head lice?
How can I stop my leggings going see through? Need help!?
What type of nails are these? Pic included?
Want to buy a good dress, but still unable to buy... Feeling low....?
will my hair be orange again?
Nose Piercing Advice?
How can I make a rose tattoo look more...?
Best way to clean newly stretched ears?
what you think about unoriginal tattoos?
Will my gauges ever go back to normal size after stretching to a 0?
How to be a PROM QUEEN?
Where is a good place to get teenage boys clothes from?
Is my snakebites supposed to look like this?
Lip gloss colors similar to this?Picture included?
Nude lipsticks??????
Where should I put my next tattoo?
How much money do I need to buy this stuff?
Can somebody please explain these Chinese symbols to me for a tattoo?
how can i get my old curly hair back?
HOW CAN THEY AFFORD SO MUCH FOOD?!?!!?
are girls scissors real?
Betaderm cream help please?
how much should i tip my waxer for a $42 brazilian wax? i was thinking $8. is that fine?
HELPPPP: Is it bad to not moisturize your face, if your face gets really oily?
What color eyeshadow should i wear to go with a grey shirt?
Is there such thing as a scene skater girl? Or a skater hipster?
thoughts on my new tattoo?
Packing List for a Beach Holiday?
Does coach has this wallet design? what is the name?
Can i get my bellybutton re-pierced?
Is this a decent audition vid for an on-air team? Looks, personality.. dont be a jerk please?
What color Should i dye my hair?
tie to wear with navy blue suit and navy blue shirt?
How do I ask/tell my Dad that I want a tattoo?
What is your favorite ear piercing?
Girls <---- Bikini Padding Question?
What kind of nails are these, girls? Acrylic? Gel?! Help!!!?
The difference of a good leather shoe?
Why is my hair like this after hot oil treatment?
why are my fingers wrinkly?
Red or blonde hairs in beard. What causes this, and will my beard change color?
hi I am kavita I am indian and I come in tx is 1 year ago I am green card I have a indian beauty esthetician?
So I have these two scars....?
Real or fake juicy couture?
Why isn't my hair soft and smooth it's frizzy?
Will tattoo fading cream effect my skin's ability to hold ink?
Should I get this tattoo?
Do I look 18 (picture)?
Should I keep my dreadlocks?
How can I improve my fashion blog?
Will this dress be a good investment?
How to achieve red lips without lipstick or lip stain naturally?
MY HAIR 60% LESS NOW A DAYS HAIR FALLS IN INCREASEI AM SAD AND AFRAID ABOUT MY HAIR PLZ HELPME?
Would it seem greasy if I wore the same jeans on Monday and then on Thursday?
What is my signature perfume?
should i get a tattoo with the letters s.b.?
I need to make pants darker asap.?
Rash won't go away what do I do?
Where can you buy triangl swimwear in Melbourne, Australia?
How to get rid of red tones in natural strawberry blonde hair?
home remedies for pigmented lips and to prevent it?
What do you think about this dress?
organic extracts to grow my hair back ?
what color looks good with these shorts?
Does my nose piercing look unattractive on me?
What is my face shape?
Best full coverage drugstore foundation?
Can I resize this ring?
my hair doesnt grab color when i dye it anymore my tips fade away.is it cause i bleched many times?
What do you think of this outfit?
Stuff to know about gauges?
What are some websites that sell high fashion breands?
permanant solution for white hair?
I think I have perm in my industrial piercing what should i do?
How to put some fat weight ?
acne after starting birth control?
Getting a back tattoo, can someone help answer a question?
Knot in friends hair!?
How long does it take for a nose piercing to heal?
Honest opinion on this dress?
What kind of (who are) celebrities that are naturally beautiful?
How to cut your own hair?
Thee BEST hair products you found useful?
What could I wear with this?
I'm having hair issues !!?
How to get this hair texture?
What to wear with combat boots?
How long do I wait to dye my hair again?
What should I wear to my cousins sweet 16?
How to get the correct size while buying sunglasses online?
Can anyone help me find this watch?
Thong bikinis trashy?
how to use almond oil for hair loss?
What did he mean by \rockin body\?
what shaving product is best to use?
Why ain't my hair soft and straight after this?
How to do a messy bun?!?
How will I know if the Nike Vision Prescription Frame I bought is authentic?
Where can I find this outfit?
Girls: Do you care about hairstyles on guys?
Is sand beige skin a fair skin tone?
Lines under the eye 19 years?
My 17 year old son got a tattoo on his wrist saying im here for a good time not a long time. What should I do?
Cheap places for clothes?
What do you call a girl who wears snapbacks and beanies?
What color shirt should I wear?
Does anyone know where I could get this sweatshirt?
belly button piercing?
Woudl this be okay to wear to a wedding?
Aberombie and fitch to small?
How well does temporary black dye wash out of dark brown hair?
How to stay cool during the summer?
How to make my feet NOT stink??
where can i find a good quality poncho/drug rug?
After you wax, does the hair grow back thicker ?
How to dye my hair this color?
What would a basic crescent mood tattoo price cost?
help me with my hair...any advice is taken?
How to stop hole in knee of jeans from spreading?
Help making a dress I saw online?
Am i skinny, average, perfect, or chubby?
Advice please! Do these shoes look too little kiddy?
What can i do with my face?
How do I get the color I want for my hair?
I wake up with really messy hair?
Where to find pale foundations?
Why don't I have underarm hair?
how to get this off of spandex?
What size men's skinny jeans would fit me?
What colour prom dress would go with green eyes, pale skin and dark brown hair?
What would happen if I put olive oil in my then straighten it?
any good hair treatments??
What would look good with my leather jacket?
What matches royal blue sneakers?
My hair is really messy ?
do you think I have this?
Hi I just want to ask that today I went to some salon to burn off my sun spots?
What store can I buy cheap orange lipstick? (not online)?
What can i use to replace deodorant till the weekend?
dyed black hair blonde...turned orange then dyed black?
Dreadlocks, help me out?
I'm I tall enough to be a model?
What is this called that goes under a bra?
Should I get my hair cut like Jennifer Lawrence?
ColorFix, Color Oops, Color Eraser help?
men's haircut; undercut but, with bangs covering forehead?
What brands are cheaper to buy over in America?
your HONEST opinion? good or bad ?
What is ashley bensons new hair color called?
How long until I can wear makeup over my nose?
what is a good foundation at sephora?
O Cosmedics Products - Has anyone tried these products?
Cameron dallas hair help ?
Do guys care if a girl has small boobs?
How often should I shampoo?
Does it hurt to get your nose pierced?
What height is tall for a chick?
How can I make my hair grow faster?
Why are the associates at Victoria's Secret so stuck up?
Would you let your 14 yr. old daughter dye her hair?
Suggestions on what to wear to a gala/ball event at my university?
Can it wear this nirvana shirt to school?
I wrote in pen my address and name in a box, How do I remove it?
what colors go together?
Where should I get my tattoo?
URGENT!!! Hole in my face?
Where can i get the same InuYasha Sesshomaru Kimono?
Would it look bad or weird for a white guy to wear Air Jordans?
where to buy gauge sets?
Personal fashion blog with big boobs / not stick thin?
How often do VIB members get coupons for at least 10% and other rewards like $15 credit?
Venus clothing web site says We're sorry, but this item is currently unavailable. What can I do?
Does anyone know where I can find this bathing suit/outfit?
What hair type does Kara Dioguardi (songwriter) have? (is it fine or thick)?
what is your favorite lipstick from sephora?
Hair styles anyone? I am 15, and bored of my look.?
If i grow out my hair, cut it short (buzz cut), then i regrow it, will it look the same?
Good makeup styles for 15 year old girls?
I can't get rid of my blackheads?
Hair dye tips? unatural hair color wanted..?
What do you call this kind of T-shirt?
How to switch my style up this summer?
Where can I buy AUTHENTIC Jordans online?
What piercings are good for a 14 year old?
EOS Honeysuckle Honeydew Lip Balm?
New shoe a gone wrong?
Why doesn't Lush cosmetics returns show up on my transaction history?
Should i dye my hair this color? Do you think it would look good on me?
One month old tattoo kinda hurts/stings sometimes?
What are some excellent quality bit bit too expensive natural boar bristle brushes ?!?
How do woman put on a strapless dress without it falling?
Need help finding a dress for our winter dance?!?!?
how to get your hair back to your natural color?
Where can I buy AUTHENTIC Jordans online?
What piercings are good for a 14 year old?
EOS Honeysuckle Honeydew Lip Balm?
New shoe a gone wrong?
Why doesn't Lush cosmetics returns show up on my transaction history?
Should i dye my hair this color? Do you think it would look good on me?
One month old tattoo kinda hurts/stings sometimes?
What are some excellent quality bit bit too expensive natural boar bristle brushes ?!?
How do woman put on a strapless dress without it falling?
Need help finding a dress for our winter dance?!?!?
how to get your hair back to your natural color?
Should I start smoking?
PROACTIVE !!! HELPPP ASAP?
Really personal question..easy ten points! Please take a look:) anyone can answer :)?
does anyone know where i can get this dress but in solid color?
What are good (non neutral) eyeshadows for green eyes?
Tips for wearing Circle Lenses for beginners?
What are some cool easy unique braids?
What's the best way to purchase a suit?
Sephora people, help!?
How do i get my hair not to frizz??
How much money should I bring to the mall?
What to wear to a bar/restuarant in winter?
favorite shampoos/conditioners?
Where can I find place for custom coats/jackets?
Can a person change their hair?
Nape piercing, 2 days ago, useless piercer?
Best makeup for eye rubbers?
Where can you buy tear away pants?
can i use proactiv with cold water?
Is it worth it for me to get a nose piercing (read)?
First date make up for red heads?
What type of shoes would you wear with these pants?
What brand is this sweatshirt and where can I possibly buy it?
how can I turn my hair light brown ?
about tattoo removal?
tips for hair growth ?
Am i prettyyy???????
um, guys! whats wrong with this girl?
My ear piercings will NOT heal and it's been almost 10 months?
um, guys! whats wrong with this girl?
How to make heatless curls last longer?
Mens preppy winter shoes? Sperrys?
Honey hair lightening treatment?!?
Military Ball Makeup Tutorial?
Do I have to bleach my hair to dye it bright red?
what to wear with brown boots?
U.S feiry kei clothing sites?
Men's fashion find me this outfit?
14 year old septum piercing?
Men's fashion find me this outfit?
14 year old septum piercing?
What can I wear with these tie dye vans?
What to expect from cosmetic contacts?
Question about tory burch bracelet?
What can i wear with this dress?
Guys: Thigh gap or not?
How do I achieve this? What color is this?
How do I achieve this? What color is this?
Would you spend $40 on a really nice bra if you need it?
Which razor should I buy?
How does red hair dye fade?
how to fix a messed up bra?
Is this is a good deal for Victoria's Secret Pink clothes!?
How can I grow my hair out fast?
Do extensions look real even if they are not real hair?
What should I wear for my.....BIRTHDAY!?!?
Should I get grey or brown toms? I CANT DECIDE!!?
Is it okay to wear my extentions while i have to big bald spots in the lower part of my head ?
what is wrong with my dermal?
Should I be offended or laugh?
Shampoo questions for hair?
latisse and wearing false lashes?
hairstyles for shoulder length hair?
latisse and wearing false lashes?
i always use vinegar to wash my hair , is there dark side of it ?
What are some punk/goth clothing sites similar to Hot Topic?
What happens if I put blue dye over crimson red hair?
Does a Red shirt and gray leggings go well together?
Guy and girl help please?
Is this appropriate for a 13 year old?
On a scale of 1-10 how much does it hurt to get you belly button pierced?
Boys, do you prefer skinny or curvy girls?
Im a 17 year old boy turning 18 on the 29th of this month and i wanna work at forever21?
Why do I have to wash my hair everyday?
Please suggest a good shampoo + conditioner for greasy/oily hair (womens)?
Can i use a facial moisturizer?
At a fusion salon I was told my hair is too thin to get extensions could i get Ultratress extensions?
How to wear a cardigan?
Why are middle schoolers so ugly?
how can i find a dress i saw online last year?
Quick Question Is This Weird?
nipple tattoos yay or nay ?
Hair growth products that work?
Why can't my hair stay down?
What brand are these socks?
Where to find this cross earring for men?
What happens if you let acne wash sit?
Why do trousers have five belt-loops?
Natural hair care and making my hair longer?
Natural hair care and making my hair longer?
How can I convince my mum to let me get havianas..... Plz answer?
what's so special about your eyes that you feel the need to highlight them?
how do i get my hair to grow longer?
Am i a pear or hourglass?? 10pts ill answer urs?
PLEASE ANSWER ASAP!! Leotard problems!!?
Nose piercing question?
Quality aviators that are cute and durable?
Are my mouth/lips small?
What should I wear for this interview?!?
slimming haircut ideas?
How can i find a dress i saw online last year?
leopard print skirt ideas?
Permanent purple hair dye?
What colour should I dye my hair?
Making natural curly hair actually look good!?
Do i apply concealer before or after foundation?
Do I need to bleach my hair to dye it pink or red if I have dirty blonde hair?
whats the best way to lighten stretch marks?
How to wear my tribal skirt? Easy 10 points !?
what would look good with yellow boots?
Should I get grey or brown toms? I CANT DECIDE ASAP !!?
I have VERY BAD stretch marks and I need the gone verry soon, help!!?
wtf is silicone free shampoo?
Where is the best place to get non see through leggings because mine go see through a lot :(?
are there any pictures?
Latex Catsuit: Where and How to Buy?
Would the colour olive green still be in style?
Guy wearing thongs need help?
Guy wearing thongs need help?
how dose this guys spike his hair like this?
How can I shrink my jeans?
which crossbody bag should I buy for my daughter?
Do I look approachable? Do you think I wear too much makeup? If so how can I change up my look?
My mom is taking me to my highlight tomorrow. I will be sitting back with my mom.?
What type of underwear would I wear with jogging bottoms?
How should I cut my hair?
Am i required to take my hat off?
Should I dye my hair at a salon or at home?
How to put eye makeup on?
Can I use baby lotion on my face?
How do I grow facial hair FAST?
Which two magazines do you think are currently the most directional, inspirational and exciting for a fashion?
Best shampoo and conditioner and hair mask for blonde exstentions?
So this is me and my pale gingerness and I need a makeup to match me?
Best websites for Japanese style clothing tips?
how do i get my mom to let me wear make up on the bottom lashes ?
How to grow eyebrows?
Is a size 6 in women's skinny jeans and jeggings too big for a sixteen year old guy?
How can I style my hair like Dan Howell AKA DanIsNotOnFire?
How can I style my hair like Dan Howell AKA DanIsNotOnFire?
What to wear with a Graphic Sweatshirt?
If a girl tells me not to cut my hair is that good?
Do I look like the same person in those pictures?
How to get my hair to grow, fast?
How did Laetitia Casta and Selita Ebanks become Victoria Secret Angela when there short?
For permanent hair straightening. .what shampoo I need to use..preferred Sulphate and paraben free shampoo?
girls, do you see a lot of handsome guys when you walk around?
how old do you have to be to get a piercing and how much does it cost?
Is it ok that I wore a onesie to school?
Am I ugly because of my red hair? (Guy)?
MY BESTFRIEND CUT HER BANGS WAY TO SHORT, HELP??
Is Paul Mitchell Tea Tree Shampoo really good for people with oily hair?
What makeup products do miss America use?
how should I do my makeup and hair?
What are the pants called that have the cargo material bottom but the waist area is like sweat pants?
Where can I find this shirt?
I have two red hair dyes. Which one should I use?
What is a UK 'extra small' in US sizes for a track jacket?
which is better...small, perfectly shaped butt, or a larger, less perfect butt?
when can I scrub my back tattoo? ?
My backpack wont close?
who makes perfumes that last all day long?
Does Mia Farrow have natural golden blonde hair?
Help ?? Is My Belly Peircing infected ?
Hi do shampoos that say \Keratin\ on them truly nourish the hair (all types)?
beard help (manly men)?
do i have heart shaped face or a round one?
please help? tattoo idea?
What style am i?????
Questions about braiding.?
OPINIONS ON THIS OUTFIT PLEASE?
What do you guy think of this collection of sexy girls in yoga pant ?
Can black girls have long hair?
Are UGG Boots worth how much you have to pay?
how to use sudo cream for spots?
Kat Von D vs Mac Studio Fix for pale people?
where to buy a winter formal dress under $100 online?
How to apply/use benzoyl peroxide?
Adidas Return Policy?
What can I wear to an Imagine Dragons concert?!?
Are these the hottest girls in yoga pants or what?!?!?
What color of makeup should I get? (PLEASE HELP! POINTS TO BEST ANSWER!)?
What do I wear to the Miley Cyrus concert?! HELP PLEASE!?
Spring Valley Hair Skin and nails?
Do writting tattoos on the side of your wrist hurt?
what hair and makeup should I wear with this dress?
How to change my eye color?
Getting my first tat, could someone please tell me how much this would cost?
Why doesn't my mom want me to stuff my bra?
men only: do you wear briefs?
How do I maintain my ombre?
Anybody know of any free tattoo removal clinics near Chicago IL?
How many full-sleeve T-shirts do you have?
How to stretch Twill pants around calf area?
get my curly hair back?
Permed hair advice please?
Can i wear a white A&F hoodie with blue air force ones?
what is the matter with my eye??
why is it that some days i look attractive and some days i dont?
Thinking of getting a finger tattoo?
Opinions on platinum blonde guys?
Are 12 T-shirts enough or should I buy more?
Should I get a nose piercing?
stretched lobe smells HORRIBLE and hurts?
Should I get a nose piercing?
Is it ok to give my old T-shirts to my brother?
Tips for shaving down there?
I need hair help xD plz!!?
what is dandruff??(??????????
Can't find perfect airbrush foundation?
How to look cute in gym class?
Are these uggs genuine?
What's a really good business name mixed with jewellery and clothes?
What are some easy ways to wear a pashmina?
How to style a sweater to make it cover my bum?
Calling All Curlies please help with my hair?
dose milk grow your hair?
Help with prom makeup and hair?
Where can i buy a Stussy x Herschel Supply Co. Sutton Duffle Bag ?
Where do you buy Burt's Bees small bars of soap (1 oz, etc) besides eBay?
I'm 15 and I want plastic surgery?
i washed my neon orange shirt in dark colors now its dark orange. how do i get it back to its neon color?
Where should I buy Guess cloths ?
What's your daily makeup routine?
What should I wear to a One Direction concert?
how beautiful is this...?
I'm a 14 year old girl and I'm insecure about myself.?
HOW can I make my light skin darker?
Is there any product that will make my hair cute ?
What would I have to ask the hairdressers to do tomy hair to get it to look like Ricky Gervais'?
How important is a nose to facial looks?
Cosplay Ideas by April?
Girls!!! What is your daily makeup routine?
How do i hide that i brought stuff?
how big is this purse?
Hey guys i placed an order on sunretro.com the gamma blues 11s on 12-23-13 and i have not recive them?
white line around lips?
Good haircut for a guy?
Help Me Find this Wallet?
Good haircut for a guy?
Help Me Find this Wallet?
How to naturally lighten my hair?
Good drugstore foundations and powders?
What colors and outfits would be nice with this blazer?
How many times a day is it recommeneded to brush your hair..?
I want to change the color of this skirt. Please help!!!?
Can I have breast implants if underweight?
about 2 weeks ago I had the top of my ear pierced. Will it close if I take it out for my bsketball game?(2hrs)?
How do i straghtin hair with no heat?
Normal measurements for 15 year old?
Cool hairstyles for boys?!?!?
where can I find a tankini to for size 38DD cheap online?
are there any girls that want to paint a guys nails?
Does enybody know how to DIY these jeans?
How to get rid of or at least reduce acne?
Would this body sound attractive?
what kind of jacket is this?
Is Nelly Furtado beautiful?
Cream to even skin-tone?
How can I clean the clogged pore on my forehead?
Help with face wash routine?
Act like ACACIA BRINLEY?
Does Kool-Aid hair dye ruin your hair color?
What does it mean when somebody says you have doey eyes?
What shoes could I wear with this Body Con dress?
What is the best perfume with pheremones for women?
QUICK REPLY PLEASE! How to ask a girl to wear sandals for a date?
look ACACIA BRINLEY CLARK?
Is wearing your old prescription glasses bad for your eye vision?
how can i grow my hair fast?
Bleached my hair 3 times want to color now?
I dyed my hair last night and it turned out bad how soon can I re-dye it ?
will this makeup dry out when i open and close cap?
How long does epiduo initial breakout last?
Who is more beautiful- Tuba Buyukustun or Kim Kardashian?
How do I stop my arm hair from getting thicker and darker?
How long does www.elf.co.uk usually take to deliver an order?
Help with my hair:( split ends!?
best way to care for dry, damaged, thin and falling hair?
just got my nose pierced and the nose ring is sinking down in the hole what should i do?
Help/Tips with Makeup?
What's its like working in Walgreens cosmetics?
Painting a fake leather jacket?
What style for braids should I get?
Do boys care if girls have a thigh gap? TEEN BOYS PREFERRED?
How do I thicken my hair naturally?
I Really want a nosejob ? , i have a low self esteem?
Help/Tips On My makeup?
Can I curl my hair a few times a week without damaging it?
Which naked palette is right for me?
Help with my hair. Should I wash it again?
What makeup do you wear to school :p?
What are these kind of shoes called?
How much can I get for this?
Anyone seeing this look around anywhere?
Tragus pierced too low? Any suggestions? (Picture attached)?
HELP!! PIERCING PROBLEM & QUESTION!!?
What is the best volumizing/curling mousse?
Help coming up with a name for a new preppy blog?
Where can i get this T-shirt???
black pants and green plaid shirt, do they match?
Why does my hair get poofier instead of longer ?
Is it safe to use zapzyt on back of my neck?
Help/Tips With My Makeup.?
What are the essential MAC eyeshadow brushes?
Do you like these boots?
where can i find coloured skinny jeans for tall people?
Where can I find hot pink, open-sided, peep-toe pumps (NOT platforms)? (see link!)?
Where can I find these Mens Boots?
What kind of Korean Hair Products do Girls Generation use?
What are the korean cosmetics brand the Girls Generation use?
what's the size of this haircut? and can it be cut in a babershop or in a beauty salon? please answer :)?
What can it wear. For sixth form which is fashionable?
What is a good watch brand for £100-£140?
How to compensate for boots that are too big?
What is your experience with ordering from ASOS?
So im moving to florida andddd :)?
How to bleach eyebrows?
How To Bleach Eyebrows With Peroxide?
Am I fit to model (would I be plus size?)?
I've had my ears pierced for 5 years now. Can the holes close back up/how long will it take?
How to be prettier??
Any cool ideas for my nails?
I Need Help With Applying False Eyelashes?
What powder should I use to set concealer?
I Need Help With Applying False Eyelashes?
Where in the UK can I buy Nike Air Pegasus 83 in red?
How to wash this hair mask outta my hair?
Any reason why one should have achieved 26 best answers in the past but have gradually been reduced to 22?
My flat iron wont heat up?
Will my acne clear over summer?
Where can i get ombre hair extensions?
Is it safe to use semi permanent hair color and permanent hair color at the same time?
How to enchance my wavey hair without damage?
hai dye with already highlights?
What outit will go well with this bag?
Wearing a bikini, where do I shave? First Holiday!!?
How do I do this? Help please!?
Question for anyone who has tried any of these revlon lip products?
Male hair product & application advice?
Help with skin care please!!?
Good clothes for a crossdresser? Ideas for outfits?
Help with facial look?
why do i have so much hair on my body?!?
Someone help please? Snakebite piercing.?
Help how to wash these out of my hair?
Is my nose pierced in the wrong place?
What color of makeup should I get?
What Face Shape Is This? (pics)?
How can I make my hair grow slower?
i want to dye my black hair to brown?
Girls, give me your opinions on this?
what goes with a grey and grey striped top with a pink 'love' on?
Eyebrows tattooed anyone know?
Can Alex and Ani bracelets be made smaller?
Rhinoplasty/Deviated Septum repair expense?
Is this okay to wear to a funeral?
How to get clear skin?
Tongue piercing help me!!!?
I have hair everywhere?
White or black doc martens?
Can I move up a size in gauges yet?
What's the strongest clogne smell with citrus?
What kind of modelling can I do when I am 5feet 5inches?
Is it hard to buy a pair of Jordans on their release date?
Dry hands, bitten nails, destroyed cuticles?
tanning. how long to be in the sun for a tan?
Labret stud gem wont come off?! HELPP!?
Do you like this jumper/sweater ?
Clean and clear 3 in 1 cleanser?
How to revamp straight hair extensions? Remedies, tricks? xx?
Makeup tips for a girl with freckles?
What perfume that you like to use?
Should I re wash my hair and do this?
Can i get dark ?.....................?
Can you tattoo over stretch marks?
is it ok to use out of date neutrogena wave pads?
Can you pierce through scar tissue?
What colours and style would suit me best?
POLL: What do you think of slippers?
What shoes do Rockettes wear?
Blue hair dye gone wrong?
What size breasts are these ? I want a similar shape?
Why do girls always want complements?
Which boots do you like and why?
Best NON drug store foundation you've ever used?
How can I get Straight Hair Overnight? / Get Naturally Straight Hair?
What is your favorite look for special occasions?
What do you think of her hair color 10 pts best answer?
What do you think of her hair color 10 pts best answer?
where i can find converse or nike shoes for less than 35 euros with paypal that can be sipped in greece?
Has anyone successfully regrown temple hair?
School want to exclude me for nail varnish?
Have I got a hairy penis ?
How to do my hair? Every day?
red lump on back of cartilage piercing HELP?
Did the Cartier Charity Love Bracelets every have the year stamped on them?
whats the average cost of a custom made chiffon prom dress in uk?
Facial cleansing oil?
no room in bedroom for vanity?!?
What questions would you like to see answered on a beauty blog?
Help im so bloated and it doesnt leave?
Know Online Cosmetics Australia?
I need help coming up with tattoo ideas?
Wristbands..........?
Is it possible to close pierced ear hole?
Can anyone tell me who makes these pants?
Nice bag for school that holds a file?
Do you girls find boys with slightly pink cheeks attractive?
never took bath with soap. is it fine?
Why do mens have nipples?
My ex boyfriend is being mean to me?
Is my belly piercing normal?
Hair Problems! [Read the Description]?
Blue hair dye wont wash out?
What hair cut did Demi Lovato do in Neon Lights?
What do you look for in a natural handmade soap that sets it apart from the cheaper store bought brands?
Weather changes hair type?
What would you wear this jacket with?
How do i make my hair go lighter with no hair dye?
WHAT IS THE NAME OF THIS BRAND OF HOODIE?
Should I re wash my hair or wait?
Navel piercing hole is blue ? Help?
Getting a big tribal tattoo on chest, what to expect? Just wondering?
What is the perfect figure size for a girl of 13 yrs and height 5.4 ?
How can I look older with a baby face?
I want to order a jersey from http://www.southcn.co they are cheap and stuff but im not sure if i can trust it?
How can I look older with a baby face?
i want this shampoo commercial?
Is the high and tight haircut completely bald on back and sides?
What to put on face after facemask?
A good cream/lotion for 11-15 yrs old kids(Boys)?
How bad does a tragus piercing hurt?
Scene Haircut at Walmart?
I want to be a model ! What do i do ?
where can I find Natures Blessing pomade in Birmingham al?
I need some celebrity fancy dress ideas please!?
reason for hair fall during applying oil?
How to dress elegant/classy?
Full outfit and how to get thinner please help?
Full outfit and how to get thinner please help?
Strightening my hair then applying the coconut milk hair mask helps my hair get stright faster?
Getting a big tribal chest tattoo, what should I expect?
Which shoes do you prefer?
do eye lashes grow back?
what is a estimate price for ombre hair?
Getting a big tribal chest piece, wondering what to expect?
Do purple and red go together?
Is my website likeable?
How do you use a hair mask?
So what's the different between Manic Panic Flashlighting bleach kit...?
if im a size 28 in miss mes what am i going to be in mens nike sweatpants ? a S , M , L , XL?
what does tea tree oil do to your hair?
Right Side Tattoo (First Tattoo)?
What color should I dye my hair?!?!?
Any way to get your nails grow really long within a week or so?
Tips for strong nails?
What color eyeliner would look best on my eyes?
Should I dye my hair?
how long do you have to tan before you see results?
i want to get a lip peircing?
Are my measurements weird ?
what clothes look good with pale skin, dirty blonde hair, and hazel eyes?
Shaving bikini region help??
Apply styling wax directly without shower every morning?
Where can you buy Air Jordan 3Lab5 Versace Custom?
Long sleeved, shoulder less, white/cream dress?
What are some good 'mature' outfits?
How to polish boots perfectly?
What do you call this beard style?
I wanna pierce my lip (snake bites)?
Serious Acne Problem?!?
Does anyone know where this t-shirt kim kardashian is wearing is from?
How to make your boobs bigger without surgery?
How can I remove hair on my balls?
Your opinion on suit jackets/blazers at 17?
Never buy Dr Martens!? (10 points to best answer)?
im thirteen and I have worms I really need advice on how I can get rid of them without meds as im embarrassed?
How to get soft hair?
Suggest a hairstyle for long hair?
How can I grow my hair faster?
Dark red hair to a bright red?
Do I Really Look Bad?
Where can i get these sunglasses? c:?
what shoes should I get with this prom dress?
How do you reduce the puffiness in your eyes?
i just peirced my ears with a sewing needle how long till i can start to stretch them?
are flat brim hats cool?
How to get parents to allow my tongue pierced?
Where can i find cheap prom dresses under 50$?
Hair help please , i have a few questions?
is there anyone who knows the romanian singer inna boy friend name?
What type of clothing do working class or lower class people wear?
I have I thick and dry hair and Oblong Face and I don't know what the best hairstyle for a guy like me?
how many bathing suits do you own and how often do you go swimming?
What colors look best on a girl with very dark brown hair and brown eyes?
Confused about my feet?
Is this Louis Vuitton site legit?
What is a good styling product for my hair.?
Is your hair layered or one length?
earrings for boys? Gay or not?
Tattoo ideas? A symbol of who I was before, where I came from, and how far I have come?
How long can I wait to wash my hair after a Brazilian blow dry/blow out?
I bought a ticket from ticketmaster but im moving, how can I get my ticket?
how do you know when you have dead ends?
What to wear ????????????
Will black hair dye go over mid brown hair?
Good tattoo ideas to get?
how to lightenn my skin?
BEST AND FASTEST WAY TO GET RID OF PINK HAIR?
I'm bleaching my hair with manic panic vol 30?
Do braces hurt at all ?
What is a quality, but affordable flat iron for hair similar to GHD?
Looking for local clothes shops in trindad?
Where should I get this tattooed on my body?
Has anyone ever order from pepper mayo boutique?
Do I have a receding hairline? HELP!?
Uncloging face pores ?
Hair has a green tint after trying to dye it darker?
will practicing nail art on fake nails help me get better at it on real nails?
Can you use eyelash tint to make a semi permanent tattoo?
what brand T-shirt is he wearing?
Where can I buy Kesha's black lingerie in the new video with Pitbull?
Do you find a formal coat \necessary\` (when you're only going to wear them to the destination)?
Are my dr martens too small or do I have to break them in?
My hair is fried can I color it?!?!?
I used my boyfriend sister mascara she had one that di your upper and lower lash so I did both but now my left?
How much would highlight cost for my hair? And what colour would suit me?
i have extremely frizzy hair what to do?
How to use CC Creame?
I don't know what my skin undertone is?
Opening an online boutique that carrys apparel comparable to that of H&M, Urban Outfitters need help?
hair treatments/tips?
Can I put a dark blonde tint over light brown tint?
Film theme fancy dress ideas?
does having lice makes hairs long hair thick ?
Best way to put on extensions?
Do you have to go to a salon to get pedicures or can easily do at home ?
Which coat would go better with this skirt?
Should I use a hair dye if it has been exposed to low temperatures?
Which is more expensive? Tuxedo, or dress?
Why do I feel even more insecure with make up?
Removing white hairs (16yo)?
Is it strange that I saw a little girl wearing:?
i have braces and feel ugly :(?
i need opinions on a quote please!?
Don't know what it is?
does smiling too much make me ugly this question is for the females?
survey on online shopping?
how feel pretty without weave? Help?
would it be okay to wash my hair today if I dyed it on monday?
organic lilac scented shampoo???? need help!!!?
What is everything you can do to change your face?
Do biotin vitamins actually help your hair grow?!?
Is it possible to get this haircut with shorter layers?
which of these shoes should I get?
How to get the yellow bassinets out of silver Grey hair?
Where can I buy Creme of Nature's Straight From Eden relaxer?
Can you put neverwet on leather?
i got my belly pierced a week ago... help!!?
I been on birth control only three months and it have damage my hair?
Why is my hair yellow?
Is it weird that im scared to post an instagram picture because of what ppl may think?
I want t dye thick dark hair, dyed red to blonde, and then apply crazy colour, any suggestions?
Which shampoo you use?
My nose piercing always gets infected?
How can I make my makeup look airbrushed? Anyone have any tips? Thanks?
How to convince my parents to let me get my belly butten pierced?
I have unusual hair on my chin if I do threading it comes in 2 days again n it looks like mens?
I used face bleach on my upper lips .mu upper lips became black .Please advice me wgat to do I m really worry?
My curly hair is getting straighter and greasier! help!?
Girls, What color eyes, and hair do you have?
Are these briefs sexy?
how to make a fashion tip website?
I want to rebond my hair but I'm afraid of what I will look like. Should I continue?
why is it not acceptable for guy to remove leg hair?
Alright, so I'm a guy, and would like to know if I cut my hair if it'll ever grow back?
What colour highlights should I get?
Where to get CUTE plus size clothing? *cheap*?
When I straighten my hair its flat?
How much roughly will this tattoo cost me?
nauseated and sweaty?
How much for a tiny tatto?
Straight across bangs opinions?
At what age do you think it's appropriate to use makeups?
Mens clothes websites and brands?
best cold cream for face in winter?
Cute or not cute???!!!!?
What age do I look?!?
Is my outfit too revealing?
Are there any white women out there with black hair?
What could I wear with this floral shirt?
Are lush products worth the money?
What colour pocket square - light grey suit/blue tie?
Do you think i'm attractive? or cute ? :D?
How to achieve a level 10 blonde from a level 8, without bleaching?
hi.. im having animal print (cheetah print-brown and black) jeggings im not sure about top..?
Dying my roots turquoise??
do you think platform high heels make women look really bovine, or like they've got a club foot?
Can i leave beer and lemon juice mix on my hair after washing hair with shampoo?
Where to get a variety of clothes for online clothes store for cheap?
Does this tat mean anything? its tribal?
Where can I get coconut oil for my hair in hong kong?
is Old Spice for old men ?
crafting: beading necklace questions?
Pros and Cons of a beauty pageant?
how can i make my permed hair curly again?
Double eyelid or single eyelid?
Want to start a clothing store online but dont know where to get clothes made?
I am wanting to know if this Tattoo means anything?
bottles of perfume best place to keep them?
american apparel ... they are getting worse?
I kind or messed up my body,help?
What is the latest trend in Hong Kong? :)?
Does my hairstyle suit me?
An exam calls for \decent corporate attire.\ Do I have to wear a blazer?
If both parents have full hair, can the offspring end up bald?
How to grow back hair on bald spots?
hair growth guess?......?
Makeup tutorial for a harlequin?
Men do you shave/wax your body hair?
i look for best push up bra?
Do schools in Melbourne (australia) allow students to wear makeup?
Do this outfit match together?
what haircut would look good on me?
Reputable accessory and costumes online?
What colour is my skin tone?
What is the type of this Adidas shoe. (Attached picture)?
What colours go with dark brownish black hair?
What to wear on a shopping spree? What shops to go to?
Tomboy clothing stores for girls? (online)?
What to wear to the movies on a hot day?
where can i find nike air more uptempo scottie peppin ?
How to do feathered hair cut for long hair?
is dark blonde attractive?? :(?
How do Jordan 11s fit?
I want to be a beauty guru but..? help!!!?
Is It Normal for the Skin Near My Private Area to be Darker Than the Rest?
What does a trichologist do?
A few questions about dreadlocks!!!!?
how to stop my baddest hairfall?
What's better for shaving? A razor or an electric razor?
Okay haha I really want to get my belly button pierced and get a tattoo and I was wondering if it hurts?
does hair dye with amonia in it kill headlice and eggs?
Does anybody know where I can find jordan retro 8's suns?
How to grow facial hair fast?
If most people pick on you, is it jealousy, to fit in, or something?
Hot oil treatment on hair?
A fashion logo with a rose?
Coconut oil hair treatment growing it out long?
due to studing all day and night i have dark circles around my eyes?
Damage from bleaching + dying hair?
How to grow my thick long hair back out?
how to grow hairs really really fast?
How can i make my hair cute?
How to make my husband genital bigger and longer?
I m 18 years old n had prtctd sex with my bf for d 1st tym. i usually get my periods 2-3 days before the date?
Best bargain hair straighteners?
Hair tips-thick,greasy,frizzy?
I dyed my hair yesterday can I dye it again today?
What colour shoes could I wear with any colour outfit for sons wedding?
Where can I buy Uggs?
What's your favorite product of Bath & Body Works?
How to wear wonder woman costume without nip slip?
Please help with nose piercing?
Can you blowout your ears without taping?
Best way to remove acne?
Hair help girls !? extensions.?
Skin care product recommendation for a teenage guy to get started PLEASE HELP?
Why Skin Care Products having High PR?
WHAT TO WEAR IN AMERICA?
pakistani sari in chandani chowk?
How often do you paint your nails ?
How can I improve my fashion blog?
So , How Do I Style My Hair Like That?
I need some gauge help!?!?!?!?
I wash my hair and it's still oily?
7 month old belly button piercing and infected?
To sherry who answered my question?
Smiley piercings get infected?
is this a stupid quote for a tattoo?
which foundation n compact suits my Brown skin?
are Black Studded belts nice to wear?
Dark red hair with dark brown eyes and eyebrows?
What Is the actual size to the point of no return for ear gauging?
LADIES ! Shaving tips for down there?
What shoes?!?!?!?!?
Is my septum piercing supposed to be difficult to come back out of my nose?
can a bb cream with spf 20 be used for picture day?
Where should I spray my cologne?
12g ear stretching help??
How to save on a Burberry Watch?
Whats the best drugstore foundation to get flawless skin?
How do I tell my mum I want to wear make-up?
Can you use a LED lamp to cure UV gel nails?
How can I fix my semi straight and wavy hair? Help?!?
How to remove hairdye?(copper red)?
I am a hairstylist of 12 yrs but I want to go to school I don't know what I should take?
Should girls have long or short nails?
do you recommend getting high and or drunk to numb the pain before body waxing?
Should I dye my hair for my wedding?
if my hair is green from using an ash brown hair dye, will it wash out if it wasnt permanent?
How can I get my thick semi-wavy hair to be non-frizzy and straight?
how to get brassiness of blonde hair?
Going from (dyed) brunette back to my natural blonde?
What to use on new tattoo?
what a good product to use to return the curls?
Take the back off a starter earring that is too close to the skin?
What color jeans matches with these light brown combat boots?
How to darken bright hair color?
Would an Elvis type hair do look good on me?
Facial masks more effective done consecutively or alternating ?
Cetaphill face wash?
Belly button - see pictures?
Makeup crisis?!? Help?
Help me with fashion tips?
Do I wear a bra under my dance leotard?
i want scene bangs but i'm scared!?!?
Why does he talk to me then we don't talk again until 8 months later?
Which of the short scarf will be suitable for short neck?
Is it safe to keep tea tree oil on overnight?
Ideas for my 13 year old daughters room?
How to dress up like MuShu (Mulan)?
What do I need to do to make the Cheerleading squad?
Silver Smokey eye effect?
WAT SIZE SHOE DO I WEAR IN KIDS IF I WEAR A 6.5/7 IN WOMEN?
hey! TIMBERLAND BOOTS SIZE 5 MEN , OR 6 WOMEN! HELP? URL??
why do i have these bad habits?
Am i a pear or hourglass?
Where Can I Get Tongue Piercing Needle From ? (NOT ONLINE)?
my skin color gets darke again and again, it brightens, but then again it turns dark, I do not know the reason?
how does homeopathy work for hair fall?
Does Covergirl 3 in 1 Foundation gives you a cakey look?
Do fold over combat boots look funny when folded?
toll:is it common for teens to get rhinoplasty?
Where can I find all white Nike Roshe Runs?
i have just dyed my boyfriends hair a platinum gray color. we want to get it more white.?
Balding at early adulthood?
What did Kim K get done to her nails here? I really like the look (pic includ?
where to buy nike free 3.0 V4 in a 7.5?
What kind of nail enhancement did Kim kardashian get done here, (image included)?
Need help determining if this True Religion plaid faux fur trapper winter hat is real or fake?
Help with pant size clarification?
Can I get my hair permed this way?
How to tell my mom I want to start wearing makeup?
would i get in any trouble if i got this tattoo?
Can Lithium cause hair loss?
What if you can't take hair vitamins?
I took out my infected lip piercing!?
my nose piercing is red and has little crust sometimes?
How much do you think this tattoo would cost?
Getting your ears pinned back?
Where to buy fresh sugar lip balm in Canada ?
I want to get tattoos everywhere but I dont want to copy?
Do I have a big feet for my age and height?
Will a pet brush ruin my hair?
How long should you leave in tapers?
A guy wearing sea foam green vans?
I just got my septum pierced 8 days ago and it's been bothering me I wanted to know if it was infected?
Is It okay to bleach 2-toned things?
is there any way i could model?
Where to buy fresh sugar lip balm in canada?
anybody thats taken garcinia cambogia? does it truly work?
My Lips Peeling Off is it ok to Give Oral Sex Still 10pt?
How to remove redness from face?
How to fix magnetic earrings?
Long Natural Black Hair?
I have a full outfit but i cant figure out what makeup to use with it?
Who cuts your hair a hair dresser/barber or you?
How to get curly hair?
thinking about getting a tattoo. What do you think?
Which hair color would fit me the best! 5 star to best answer?
How can I keep my eye makeup from staying in place and not smudging?
What does this tattoo mean?
Authentic Vintage Chanel?
What lingerie colours best suit someone who has a tan complexion?
my dad doesnt want me to wear makeup?
Louis Vuitton Authenticity Question?
How can i dress better?
Why did some major clothing company's like?
if men wear high heel boots will it give them a feminine sexy posture?
Which color hair looks best on me?
When will I get my case? :D?
How important is hair factored into an interview?
Stretching my ears before 2 weeks?
Does anyone know where to get any cheat but nice all human hair extensions?
How can I look pretty with minimal makeup with a buzzed head?
My nose looks really big when I smile. Should I get a nose job?
Why does my parents hate my hair so much?
How to ask mom for makeup?
Cold Weather Outfit??
Girls, what takes it so long for you to make-up and dress-up!!!?
NATURALLY CURLY HAIR IS DULL AND FLAT?
If you use special numbing cream when you professionally pierce your belly button, does it still hurt?
How do I work a headband?
My septum piercing is still sore?
Is my three year old too young for a lining and or haircut?
How to avoid getting makeup on a friends clothes from hugging?
How bad does waxing hurt?
confuse what to wear?
Does Mia Farrow have natural golden blonde hair?
Hollister khaki chino pants help!?
How long does red hair dyed stay in?
What do you say in a job interview for a hairdressing apprentiship?
Question about Jordan shoes. 10 points!?
Proactiv solution is best solution for acne?
Can I too have perfect face skin??
can you put cortisone on a fresh nose piercing?
Can black girls have waist-length hair?
Who's More Attractive!?
tapers help please immediately?
Is my nose piercing misplaced?
Stop my face from turing red???
Girls: Can hairstyles on guys make a difference?
What are the best highlighters?
Good facial cleansers?
When you're shaving down there, how do you make it really smooth?
Quick way to fade acne scars?
Engagement Ring?!?!?!!?!?!?
can you leave john friedas go blonder shampoo and conditoner in for the night?
Why is my skin so dry?
Ear Piercing is throbbing?
Ostrich/Emu/Big Bird costume?
Where to find really pretty sounding bells?
Are my measurements acceptable in modeling?
I really need Hair help!?
Help! I always have a lot of trouble getting dressed in the morning.?
is my belly button piercing infected? or?
What size hoodie would I where in Mens clothing!?
Hair Salon stylist says she needs to dye my hair back to its original color?
how to make Jordan's fit I bought too big and lost recite?
I used to think I was pretty but?
How to apply a prepaid returning label on a Warby Parker package?
Opinion of these custom Nike Shox?
Can somebody help me figure out this dress for prom?
Should I get a tattoo?
Is there a way to permanently cure an ingrown toenail?
My pimples wont go away!!!?
Black Natural Hair Growth?
what should I do about this?
Prestigious Modeling Agencies for person 5'7\?
If I wanted to change the color of my hair, what color?
Printed pants feel sticky?
Make up ? Teenager problems!?
should I get \love, hate\ written in this tattoo?
If I get gauges down to like 10s, will the holes shrink back to normal so I can wear regular earrings?
are these shoes appropriate for wearing on a daily basis?
Help me find where to buy these shoes!?
How to make an ear piercing close?
Cut my hair or grow it out?
Which Triangl bikini should I get?
How to get big curly hair EXACTLY like this?
Do you think that multiple ear piercings make a difference?
What shoes and mask would go well with this dress?
Please Help I think I hurt my piercing?
How to walk in nike hightops?
What to expect at an urban outfitters interview?
I'm afraid of what my hair will look like curled..?
If we were to switch clothes right now, then ...?
What hair products should people with straight hair use ?
Long sleeve above the knee fit and flare dress?
Can I wear nude heels with a mint dress if he's wearing all black with a mint tie?
Can i apply pressure to remove my Dorsal Hump? or is there another way i can do it without surgery?
How to grow out your hair?!?
is there something wrong with this outfit?
Will rogane help with a receding hairline?
Should i use a large duffel bag for a 3 week summer road trip?
how long do I have to wait to switch out my belly button ring?
Sea foam green vans on guys?
Im helping my friend here so ladies please tell me?
GIRLS: Do you care about pimples on a guy?
Is my belly button ring rejecting?
My Lip Skin Peels off is it still Safe to Give Oral 10pts?
are tall girls unattractive????? (pic inside)?
Where online can I buy USA men's nike basketball shorts?
Is this a pretty or ugly watch?
I think I am hideous?
What heels with this light colored dress?!?!?! HELP?
I want a M.A.C. Lipstick that is a deep reddish-brown?
Should I get my belly button pierced ? (Including pic)?
Does color oops work on red hair?
What saying or quotes would go nice with this tattoo; any ideas?
I look odd? Weird combination?
SPF 15 during winter months is this ok?
i wash my hair once a week , is this bad?
Am i overweight? ( for South Korean Standards? )?
Where can I get comparable rhinestone?
What colors go good with white and brown?
Question about toning hair?
Girls: are boat shoes with khaki pants okay on a guy?
Will a dark plum show over black hair?
Where do you keep your purse when you're at home?
Do u think kim Kardashian's looks are all that their cracked up to be? she looks better than most woman?
is it gay for a guy to wear a lip pericing ? (i know i spelled it wrong!)?
What are your secrets to a great shave?
Where to buy these pair of Nike Shox Navina Si?
What goes with a think pink cardigan and white spaghetti top under, what bottoms and shoes match??
Need help determining if this True Religion plaid faux fur trapper winter hat is real or fake?
Red skinny jeans or light wash jeans?
I'm 18 years old & I'm not really curvy at all. Will my curves ever come? i am an athlete.?
Weird white stuff in my hair?
Girls.. What can I do with thick short hair?
Is there such thing as a makeup addiction?!?!?
could I put on a luminizer before apply my bb cream for a glowy look?
Can you use vitamin E oil with keratin on your face?
Bleached damaged hair! Plzzzzz help?
why do people complain about me wanting to grow my hair?
Can someone help me with a tattoo idea please?
I have somewhat wavy hair but it's somewhat straight too. Should i air dry it or blow dry it?
How much would a tatto like this typically cost?
What is a good online clothes shop for teens with free shipping to nz?
I need help from all females and get your friends to answer too?
Is this appropriate wear for a casual internship interview?
Calling all Dreadheads!?
When will my boobs stop growing??
Scuff marks on shoes from finish line?
HELP with acne scars?
Is this a good amount of makeup to bring on a 3 day school trip?
which color is the best looking of these?
Idea for first tattoo?
will using fake flowers for my wedding make me look cheap?
How should I wear a flannel shirt? (men)?
Crocs make your feet itch?
What to do with my hair?
For press powder, what color is recommended?
What color is this eye?
do you think this purse hook is of bad quality?
I just purchased the Naked2 Urban Decay eyeshadow palette but I have no idea how to use it.?
What color should I dye my hair?
How much does a breast periareolar lift cost?
Whats the best way to achieve this hair?
Are Clarasonics worth the money???????????
Red skinny jeans or light wash skinny jeans?
Christian Dior Dangle Rhinestone earrings in pink or clear crystals?
how can I ask my mum for make up?
Are one of these dresses ok to wear to a semi-formal dance?
I need cosplay ballgown/formal/dress ideas?
WHY DO PEOPLE THINK I WEAR FOUNDATION OR CONCEALER???LOL MY SKIN IS NATURALLY LIKE THIS?
What can I do with this perfume?
Best high end concealer for deep set under eye circles?
i feel ugly all the time?
Prestigious Modeling Agencies for someone 5'7\?
HOW TO MAKE SPLAT HAIR DYE COME OUT FASTER?
What to wear with this top?
What is this hair style called?
List of every Baby Lips and EOS flavor?
does everyone have laugh lines?
How do you grow African-American hair and nails.?
Any Jewelry designers that can help me?
BURNT HAIR, HELP!!!!!?
Where can I some socks like this?
Best kind of lip piercing?
Are These Hazel Eyes or Brown?
nail polish or nail paint?
What are some quotes for tattoos?
Questions about ear piercings?
How much(long) will my pubic hair grow.?
What color and style of prom dress should I wear? HELP?
Do hair transplants work if your hair loss is severe?
How to make hair grow faster?
Will a guy notice this?? Help!?
good hair color removers?
How to get hair like Tyra Banks?
how much does kat von d lock it foundaton cost?
HELP!!!!!what can I do guys???
What to do? Hereditary eye bags?
Salon called back after interview, wants me to bring model. Did I \pass\ the interview in a sense?
Repair Costs Of Jewelry?
Where can I buy these pants?
Industrial piercing....?
How To Become Popular?
Does Mia Farrow have natural golden blonde hair?
Would this outfit look good? Pink cardigan blue jeans and brown uggs?
Alright tattoo supplies?
i highlighted my hair with bleach why does it look brassy?
What hair color is this and how to I get it?
How to get hair to grow 2 inches in one month?
How to grow my hair back thicker & longer?
Zits all over helppp PLEASEEEE?
How Come American Girls fat and slobby?
What to do with my hair after I work out?
Is there a perfume anywhere that smells like cinnamon rolls?!?
How to get sharpie off a t-shirt??? Please answer?
How often should I do hot oil treatments to my hair?
What do people always look at you when you have a Louis Vuitton bag.....?
Why do some women/girls with natural (black) hair use oil in their water bottle spritz? 10 points?
What color undershirt?
What size skinny jeans should I wear(Im a guy)?
What color shirt should I get?
How do you get rid of a big knot?
Is this to much to wear to shays performing art center?
Will my hair grow back fast if I haven't shaved in a long time and my hair is fully grown?
What is a good skirt to wear to a band concert?
I hate my body and my bust!?
What can i do to make a fap sock clean again?
Cool hairstyles for boys?
girls do u like classy guys or swag guys?guys around 18?
Hanes or fruit of the loom?
How to color strip my hair?
how can I look more attractive?
\never forget\ tattoo, help?
Should I keep this glasses?
Advice on winter wear for boots?
why is my hair more damaged then my sister's?
I dont know where to put my tattoo?
Question about wrinkles?
What kind of graduation dress would look good on me?
What colors would look good on me?
if i dye my hair dark red will it fade to purple?
Should i have my hair cut short?
How does a women wear high heels working at a hair salon all day?
Where can i buy a ugg care kit?
What to wear in summer?
Which is better, Free People, Anthropologie, or Urban Outfitters?
girls what kind of shoes do u like on guys?
Belly piercing hard to move? Help?
Should i have my hair cut short?
Curious. Are these Hazel Eyes?
Breast ENLARGEMENT- implants, surgery, pills. Please reply with substantial answers and not opinions! :/?
Will jewelers be willing to recreate a lost piece of antique jewelry?
what could be some cute outfit combos?
Is ombre hair out of style?
What colour dip dye will look nice on brown hair?
how blue? help please?
How do you make african American hair grow faster.?
Red hair on me look good?
Dry, flaky cuticles on toenails?
What jacket should I get that's warm enough that I wouldn't freeze but is not bulky?
Do girls like back rubs with leotards on?
I need some girly and embarrassing things to make my friend that is a guy do?
Is a Louis Vuitton belt a good investment....?
opinion on this picture?
Do you think I should go blonde, like really blonde?
How to dress as Bugs and Lola Bunny?
Could I be a fashion model?
How do I make this outfit work?
Could I be a fashion model?
Best virgin hair company to order from ?
how to wear this sheer top?
why me please Help !!?
What to wear with thjs top?
WHat shoes go with this top?
about getting a tattoo?
what are the best face cream/washes for once in a blue pimples?
African american hair regimen?
Where can I find cheap lolita dresses for under 40?
What should I wear to a job interview at a trendy clothing store?
Which fake tan spray is best?
What face shape do I have?
My hair is 2 different colors?
Are belly button piercings trashy?
My hair is always greasy.. Help?
Cheap makeup that I can buy at a drugstore that works well? Foundation? Concealer? Bronzer?
I need help with my super dry skin:/?
Which outfit looks better?
Would you say this a orange color or more of a coral color? http://www.debshops.com/one-shoulder-dress-with-st?
Lump on the back of cartilage?
Does it hurt to get your cartilage pierced?
what is the best way to get a tan?
Where Can I Buy The Jacket That He Is Wearing Sorry I Mean Janky Not Jacket (WEBSITE)?
Which dress do you prefer?
Which ugg boots do you like best?
Need a piercing pro! what kind of metal...?
How much do you think this would cost? And the amount of time it would take?
I think my earring hole is infected?
How to deal with naturally curly hair?
What is the best way to start over with my hair?
which drug rug should i buy?
How do I get my hair to be less static-y?
Over the counter silicone free shampoo?
How can i fix my dry hair extensions?
Neck area is darker than body ??!?
Is this vintage Chanel bag authentic?
If you apply moisturiser after shaving 'down there' help with razor burn and ingrown hairs?
how much makeup to wear to a middle school dance?
Does \Color Oops\ Work?
Why do people tell me I'm not attractive? It hurts, and I think I'm okay..?
What did she mean?. Easy 10 points.?
How to make hair darker?
How do I get rid of the dry skin around my nose and mouth?
new ideas for my new hip tattoo..? This's me. please no flowers or butterflies.?
How to do a sew in weave?
is dressesstudio.com a trustable site?
Girls: if your boyfriend/husband bought you this shirt, would you wear it?
i wanna wear fake lip peircings . im a guy, and was wondering if they sell fake ones ?
Do you like camo purses?
Would you say I'm a bit big?
What kind of eyeliner for WInged eyeliner?
My brown hair looks green in the light. Should I re-dye it?
19 year old female with under eye bag circles?
how long will it take for my hair to grow if i go natural?
Fashion question? Help please?
how to make my hair grow faster?
How do I cover up blood on my face for school?
Sleeve tattoo and weight lifting?
Is this likely to cure my acne?
My Mom caught me wearing makeup, HELP?
How long is 18 in on a 5'0 girl.?
Help! i need to update my wardrobe?
how bad do tongue piercings hurt?
Will this cream work?
Help with hair colour ?
Best products for permed hair?
How do I hide these scars?
Pleasee hhelp me! Its my eye lashes!!?
How to be the hottest version of your self ( guy,16yo)?
What ethnicity does this girl look like?
How much of a tattoo sleeve could you get done ?
Which watch to choose?
Whats worse, using hair gel in my hair 6 times a week or straightening 