How Do I Make My Laptop Use Both Of The Graphics Cards?
Question Regarding Access Database Normalization. VERY confused.?
Should I buy this processor?
Is there a Windows version of Adobe Premiere Pro?
Is there a Google version of MSN?
How do I get rid of this malware effecting my firefox?
Should i turn off switch on the PSU?
shall I refill or buy a new toner for brother hl-2270dw laser printer ?
Will this gaming computer be able to run any game on full graphics settings?
Which is the best media player?
Which of the following is a command-line text-only web browser?
find mac address from public ip in router log file?
tip input calculation in VB?
My Antivirus is due for renewal. The instruction says click on Desktop - computer?
Why do people often use the variable \foo\ in programming tutorials?
Can i use appllications in windows partition while i'm in Ubuntu?
What happened here was i hacked?
How to delete Mobile uploads album on facebook?
does the microsoft office license go if i upgrade my windows version?
i but iphone 5 from my friend and in that safari browser is not there . so is there any problem in that ?
Can you install an anti viral program on a new computer - before connecting to the internet?
how to copy a image of a win 7 cd to another cd to make it a bootable cd?
Is there ANY way I can recover deleted files from my old video camera successfully?
Safe overclock temperatures for Athlon X4 635 (46 degrees C)?
Gigabyte Geforce GTX 660 crash problem ):?
Am looking for a page plugging for wordpress anyone here good with wordpress?
which motherboard is better-changing my ram or gpu?
Error message after uninstalling the outlook from Mac. What do I do?
Laptop says Fatal System Error, how do I fix this?
database testing in php using phpunit,simpletest on api haveing stored procedure?
should i buy only a video card or a new system unit?
Why does this flash drive not have a usb on it?
Is there possible to access password protected WIFI without knowing password?If possible then how?
Computer shutting down . . . analysis?
My isp is using same public ipaddress for a whole district around 2000-3000 connections?
Computer shutting down . . . analysis?
I need help monitoring a computer blog?
help building a budget gaming pc?
Need some help with this Java Program?
can anyone who can photoshop help edit this picture?
AMD and Nvidia in one computer...?
Is there any television uses android technology?
My email page appears so tiny that I can barely read it. How can I increase it to normal size?
is it illegal to use 3 premade or ripped models for educational use in game development?
Is having Instagram as dangerous as having Facebook?
Anti Virus Protection?
How to get a button to execute if a subform is blank MS Access vba?
How to move a program from Temporary Internet Files to Program Files?
My 4.7gb blank DVD only holds 6kb?
Why wont my printer print?
How to find files of a game?
Can anyone help me with Java Programming?
Can I get a disk plug-in for my PC?
Need some help with this java code?
Facebook shows that we have one mutual friend but...?
Any way I can make my windows xp computer go faster?
How do i create a website?
how to fix ntldr is missing on a dell pc without xp cd?
will this bottleneck me if I try?
How to restrict drive or partition access in Windows XP?
does a power outage effect my security systems?
Would this computer be alright for gaming?
Anyone know what the score and little stars are on snapchat?
if Google Glass is put into prescription glasses, what if you need them to see a movie in a theater?
Can you subscribe to me on youtube?
Java Program Please Help?
Help with CPU knowledge and compatibility...?
Why do laptops produce more signal than desktops, I will be downstairs with my desktop as appose of to my la?
When will the new Heroes of theStorm game come out? Can I get a beta key for it now?
When will i get my youtube money?
How can I learn how to make money with bitcoins?
How can I get a beta key for Wildstar now? What is the best way to get one free?
Mozilla Firefox Homepage won't change?
Question about sending a facebook friend request?
My server wont run on new java?
Which of these free programs catch the most viruses?
my laptop is connected to way to many unidentified networks when i only have one router?
Can I install Microsoft office home and student on 2 pc's?
Why doesn't Google remove Adblock from the Google Play store?
what are sinple and free ways to make a PC run faster?
What does dwprcl mean?
hi everybody i have problem with my cpu fan?
How do I feel out a ticket to get my twitter back?
Movie Maker Projects Converter?
Is there a program (for Windows) that I can use to record my screen?
Pls tell me the size in MB of a 1/2 hr tv show episode on YouTube, at a resolution of say 360p?
How Would My Desktop Run DayZ?
how can i get more subscribers to my youtube channel?
Excel Help needed with IF use with Time statement?
I want to add a photo of a Ferrari 275 GTB to wikipedia how does it work with the copyright?
5 Mbps uploads, 30 Mbps downloads good for server?
is 20,000 views a month on Youtube impressive for a solo artist?
Whats the difference between C, C++, Python, and Java?
Can this run Bioshock Infinite Ultra Settings?
Why can't I open powerpoints on my laptop?
Buying a custom PC, is this good enough?
Lenovo Flex or Dell Inspiron 15 or Acer V5??
Why is Omegle Not Working Properly?
What does it mean if a photo is pending on snapchat?
Help!! Not a troll.I accidentally got on a bad site. What should I do?
What exactly is OS X Mavericks ?
What is Daemon Tools Lite?
Where can i find a good installation software online free to download sims 2 for mac air or just mac ?
Good Pre-Built Gaming PC?
I have a question about google adsense and CPC?
galaxy tab or ipad mini?
having a problem on my computer with this website?
Would you trust a hard drive purchased on eBay?
Indecent FaceBook Profile Picture ? (Easy points)?
Should I order computer parts one by one or together at one time?
how does twitter work?
I need help fixing this syntax error near \at line 1?
which adobe acrobat is good ?
I'm in need of some resourceful guys here. A chance to do a goood deed.?
Skyrim 'not enough memory to run application'?
Were do I start learning java?
how will i upload a bulk data from microsoft excel to a certificate made in publisher for employee achieveme?
Thinking of switching to Mac, after 20yrs of Microsoft?
9600GT better than my inbuilt video card?
How to get into the source code of a game.?
Are my colleagues trying to access my work on windows 7?
How to use IF/COUNT with EXCEL on TIME format?
How to use send command?
Can my motherboard support this graphics card?
Why is Intel considered a better brand to buy your CPU from?
which laptop to buy ?
How do i connect a router to a wireless wifi modem?
How do I get my trackpad to scroll?
Using a wired connection from a wireless router?
Can this card support 3 monitors?
Buying a used Macbook?
Why is this recruiter always viewing my work profile?
How much disk space is taken up by Norton Virus Definitions on my PC?
what the best free video editing software that is Free and is the full version and where can I download it?
does facebook use up data plan,have 5gb monthly?
can I run hd 7730 graphic card?
Check my answer please?
What is Python Programming Language?what is the use of it? How to learn it by us?
ethernet powerline where to plug in?
Website URL pinging tool is good or bad for SEO ?
Where to Purchase Microsoft Products?
Are there other sites like google adsense?
Mad Bid is it ok this website?
software for creating picture slide shows?
What Is Webcake For Firefox?
Is there a disc tray on Apple Mac Pro, if yes, then, how to insert a disc?
Need help with CSS and JS for fixed background image with scrolling text?
Everytime I turn my computer on, Chrome opens with this page?
Can this Computer Run Skyrim and GTA 4?
Question about firefox browser syncing?
How to connect wifi in a no wifi computer ?
Can I access my Google Drive presentation from another computer?
How to fix or fully uninstall League of Legends?
Can we find from which website a specific virus was downloaded ?
Which one of these motherboards is the best with the most features that i will use the most?
I need computer help!! any nerds out there?
Tell me about a good Windows 7 sidebar gadget that will say Azan whenever it's time.?
How to change the color only of Windows 7 clock gadget?
Is clipboarder gadget safe to use and have you used it?
if someone clears your google chrome history is there a way to see it?
Where can I get a HDMI to DVI-I cable?
I need help in c++ programming?
how can i make book ecover free online?
What do u think about this site?
Can anyone discuss me how to understand the looping patterns?
how do i date a girl on facebook?
I want to know about vmware view portal?
What's the difference between programming and software engineering?
Emachines netbook running REAL slow?
what is the folder mso cache?
How to make a musical instrument page on Facebook?
Friends please help me... question about DNS?
How do you know if you have?
How to create multiple accounts in chrome ?
WIN XP/7 64 bit. Witch one?
Why are some youtube vids not available in my country?
how will i create html coding in notepad for ownself name disply to desktop screan?
780m for laptop wait or get it?
How do I create a secondary Facebook account that is tied into my primary Facebook account?
How to get back USB 3.0 functionality in a USB 3.0 after making it a bootable drive?
Why are my ring and pinky fingers the weakest at typing even though I'm otherwise fast?
What do you think of paypinvest.com?Is it a scam?
Which GPU is better for its price?
VBA - Excel: C& Replace row content if Cell value of one sheet matches.?
How to open the computer without password?
Can't watch Youtube on Google Chrome?
when your fax machine is plugged into wall, should you be able to hear dial tone?
Online E-library system?
How to put music on an HTC One X from a Mac?
I get a cannot find EFI directory error when installing arch linux?
Missing USER32.dll wont let me open any programs?
Did Gamesville shut down?
help about twitter....?
How to use ''Be supposed to be '' in future?
dell poweredge 2950 not recognizing hard drive?
I'm trying to sign into my old AOL email account?
How do home security system installers find customers all the time?
If my desktop monitor fuse blows, does it affect my CPU?
How much does Alienware m18x r3 cost on the market?
Can we recycle 3D printed materials back into the printer?
18+ confirmation on websites?
I forgot password for my Microsoft Outlook .pst file with messages.?
HTML link problem. Please help?
how do i get started creating a iphone app?
HELP i need to do my school work but my chromebook wont let me download anything?
Question about Mac computers?
I am using IDM 6.7 version why can't i download youtube video using latest Browser?
Gaming laptops that can run AC4? 10 points!?
Apple macbook air 11\ or Microsoft surface RT 64gb?
I was thinking about upgrading my gtx550ti video card to a gtx 760 would i have to upgrade my motherboard also?
Why do we used semicolon in Java Programming?
What's wrong with my new computer?
My Ex bf hacked my old facebook how can i get it back?
what app do people use to make video edits on vine?
Can I tag friends anomymously on facebook?
What is the BEST in the WORLD video editing software?
I bought a new windows toshiba laptop. The problem I am having is that the the white portion of the webpages?
Why is my ping changing just recently?
Is this true or Crap? GAMING PC BUILD QUESTION!?
What are my options for the hard drive?
Do I need anymore upgrades for my computer?
How do you see \friendship\ on Facebook?
Is SquareTrade a good business to buy a warranty at?
I am having serious computer problems, need some help please?
i want to become flash developer ?
What is the best cover for the Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 2014 Edition?
I want to build up a blog about garments industry. Which skill are mainly required for creating a blog?
What do i need to upgrade on my computer? I want to know what I need to run the game DayZ on high settings. My?
Will this computer build work?
How to restore a lenovo Z560 to its factory settings?
Changing the procsessing on my laptop?
How can I make my Wireless Expander get more mbs? It is at full signal and is getting about a megabyte from t?
How can I get more facebook page fans?
What is something that works like an Ethernet cable but is longer and more durable?
A computer problem, caused by dust, neglection, and i am too poor to afford another computer, help me fix it!?
Need Gaming Laptop under 1,800 USD?
Why does my PC get's progressively slower the longer i leave it on?
Does anyone know if there are any real celebrity's on facebook?
How much would a new hard drive for a 2010 MacBook Pro be?
I recently cloned my old Laptop HD to a new SSHD. Can I use my old HD as a backup?
Is this considered bad typing?
How do I find a specific folder on windows 7?
how much watts do i need for my PC?
will this bottleneck?
How do I upgrade my PC RAM?
Which programming language is used for apps?
How to pull up these videos..................?
How many ipv4 addresses are left?
HP Computer help. Windows 7.?
Do you know what font this is?
Is it safer to have a separate user account strictly for internet transactions involving money and banking.?
How to uninstall Advanced System Protector with \missing\ error message?
How fast is this? Opinions? Help?
how can I get money by writing blogs on wordpress and facebook?
How do you remove an Intel Processor from the Motherboard?
What are some good javascript project ideas?
Dose anyone have a windows xp home edition product key that works for sp2?
Computer Experts:HELP!?
Best laptops for college and under $500?
how do we convert amount in to billion format in excel 2007?
What is MySQL and j2ee?
When I right click files it takes about 10 seconds to load, why?
If I got an iPad, can I have internet automatically?
Need help upgrading my computer!?
Is it possible to get fiber optic internet in the U.S.?
Is it possible to get fiber optic internet in the U.S.?
my HD video won't upload to youtube?
Best (free?) DJ and Music Producing Computer Program?
What is the best Accounting software?
the sound on my asus laptop suddenly stopped working!?!? help please!!!!!!?
i need good fast SO for my netbook ?
Does anyone have a pinterest account that I could have?
Are there any drivers i can get for my gateway laptop to make it run faster?
Custom computer build needs revisions?
Pixlr editor not saving?
Does google hangout charge you?
What is the best way (service provider) to receive online donations?
How the HELL do i delete overwolf?
Can I use Microsoft office 2010 on Windows 8?
What are some good youtube usernames?
How can I access videos blocked worldwide on youtube?
Do you have any idea of the depth with which youtube, google and yahoo can KNOW everything?
HTTP Header Content-Length question?
I have to shut my computer down to get started, any way to fix this?
is mangahere.com safe to use?
How do I share my Fanfiction.Net profile account on my AO3 profile?
Building a home theatre PC: should I get the Intel Core i7 4930K for $570 or Intel Core i7 4960x for $1000?
What would happen if I get caught hacking?
my laptop dies when closed?
I Pad vs Android Tablet? Which is better?
What is different between simple and CMS based templates?
That MandiantUSA Malware thing popped up and I restarted without safetymode, Am i okay?
What does \not support connecting to ad-hoc (or peer-to-peer) Wi-Fi networks\ mean?
Easy Way to tell GPIO?
I can't pass an array list as an argument.?
How reliable and safe is amazon?
Radeon HD 7700? VS Radeon HD 7770?
why are my pictures too small thats all I have?
How to make an excel frequency table / wind rose?
Can I use a laptop drive in a desktop?
How to arrange twitter followers?
Is there a Google Chrome App that allows desktop pictures...?
I need to subnet into the 3rd octet?
why does my computer shut off by itself??
Can I still use my wifi on my ipad without my desktop?
HDD to Hybrid Hard Drive?
Google Chrome Windows 8 Issue?
javascript while loop?
Is Google Hangouts free?
Does Dell notify you about BIOS updates?
howdo you get rid of the adverts on your computer?
How do you transfer your hard drive data to another including the Operating System?
chromebook can you increase the resolution i.e make words bigger?
ive installed avast, and on the scan it said some files could not be scanned?
How Much RAM Can My PC Support?
I need help in HTML5, please do not respond with references/links?
If You block someone who sent you a friend request and then unblock them is the request still there?
Instagram hijacked.. Help?
Which app can I download from the App Store?
I have the latest version of Firefox. I run W7 64 bit.?
Will my PSU support a Nvidia GTX 760?
Windows 7 Registry Problems?
I need help with CSS code, please dont answer with links/references?
Is the Cheshire Police virus from my computer completely gone?! Scared! {Best Answer gets 5*}?
Why are my neighbours so mad at me?
I can't download Adobe Reader please tell me what to do!?
If it was you, which of these laptop choices would you get?
Have I been blocked on Facebook?
Advice on my PC build?
Which is more important to upgrade? CPU or Video Card? Which one should I upgrade?
What program can I download to unzip files?
What program can I download to unzip files?
Possible Flash/Youtube glitch?
Why do people make fake Facebook account?
how can i display the following output using nested for loop?
I need help with CSS code, please don't answer with references.?
Help !?!?!? i need help writing this java class/ or a nudge ?
My CD Can only fit 80mins but 700mb ?
I can't remove videos from my Youtube subscription feed. :/?
Facebook timeline..why does n't mine include 2014?
Why is if(i%2) the same as if(i%2!=0) in javascript?
My Dell inspiron 1545 keeps crashing when playing gta sa?
Question about Twitter..I know I've asked a lot but please answer this is stressing me out SO much :'(?
Please suggest any antivirus?
how would I install windows 7 on a laptop that has been cleaned to DoD 7x Data Sanitation standards?
Online movies are not loading on my computer?
Do you think creating a facebook page will help with my channel?
Which graphics are better?
Could someone use a view bot on one of my videos? (Mr Sherbert)?
Can i fit a r9 270x in this case?
About my computer project , the difference between a gaming and normal PC ?
Why do people these days say that creative sound cards are not good anymore?
Is C programming language popular and widely used?
Im 15 and want to start learning programming languages?
where can i find a selector like this that affects price for website?
Help! If I searched something on a public network can they see it?
What is the Solution? x4 + x3 + x2 + x = 0 ?
Which Netgear Router should I buy ?
Help! If I searched something on a public network can they see it?
Can I fix this old video?
Is it possible to disable the feature where holding down the power button forces a shutdown?
iPad Mini or iPad Air?
Microphone volume too low?
How much money am I going to make from youtube?
Shader/memory/GPU clock, help please?
can i overclock my laptop proccsor?
I cannot delete an ikmage from the dropbox on an s3?
Computer beeping now?
How to watch youtube video on android 4.2.1?
Constant 60 fps in CS:GO?
how much money does Malware / Hackers cost every year?
Whats a good question site for my school work other than here?????
Unable to aquire an IP Address while connecting to Wi-Fi? What does this mean!?
audio technica ath-m30 or monoprice 8323?
Excel help - how to cancel a selected cell?
If a downloaded/ torrent file requires one to extract a zip into system32 folder, should I be suspicious?
wat stream should i take?
Using Microsoft Entourage on Mac th emails I send are ending up in recipients spam folder. How can I fix that?
Firefox wont load error can't loadXPCOM cant remove firefox in control panel. what is this?!!?
All my friends question why I'm not on Facebook?
Video making question?
3G data card doubt. Please help?
Key on HP laptop not working?
Facebook page Name for my business?
how can I receive my channels over deleted youtube chanel?
How can I do my video project?
what are middle level languages?
How can I differentiate between two keyboards in Java coding?
Which one is better intel core2 quad Q9505 or amd fx 6300?
Should I get a faster CPU for this build?
My PC is not booting. It's writing \Boot manager compressed\. How can I solve this?
What is my option now?
Is my computer capable of modern games and future games?
Paint.net No Plugins are Installing?
Microsoft Word, any suggestions?
How do you make chrome extensions?
Windows 7 repair install not possible.?
A Music Studio Application For Windows 7 ?
installing adobe audition CC, problems??
What's a good youtube account name?
Will someone confirm that my java project is correct (hot dog stand)?
Question about the \Puppet Tool\ on Adobe After Effects?
this really should be simple for most of you?
I want to upgrade My graphics card?
How do I make a group abbreviation show up next to the display name in steam?
will this optical drive adapter look ok on my case?
Really help with DELL & ASUS?
Having problems installing my new HP laptop. Need help!?
do slimline optical drives have any disadvantages over a normal optical drives?
Which is the cheap and best antivirus?
EVGA GeForce GTX 660 SUPERCLOCKED?
why does my ip change everytime i log on to the net? it used to be static earlier..?
is this computer good for gaming? and if so what tier of games can it run.?
How to change my name in facebook?
Is it better to leave my computer on all the time or to shut it down when I dont use it.?
Screen Resolution Question?
How to fix a jupad in mixater?
how do I add printer yo toolbar?
Would an Haswell-E processor bottleneck a GTX 780?
Can anyone identify this font please?
My computer tells me the FTP is being blocked by the manufacturer of my computer, what does that mean?
Is \Viber\ safe to send personal Documents & details?
Why there are no mini-ITX form factor for LGA2011 sockets?
Is \Whats App\ safe to send personal Documents & details?
when i copy and paste text into a pages document.....?
'Self destruct' button on my laptop!?
BSOD possibly caused by USB wifi adapter?
my cpu is running but my monitor is unresponsive. which one should I bring in com service my monitor or d cpu?
Are \Quotes\ or \Saying\ considered as Duplicate content for SEO pupose?
Is anybody else getting messages regarding computer speed and important updates available?
I have a question about Iso-Hunt.to?
Any app like superbeam?
How to put the Pinterest App into the Facebook Page?
Gaming PC techs, help pls!?
How to layout by DIV & Table in the HTML?
Can I parody a song, and use it as an intro for my YouTube videos?
How can a purchase Bitcoins with a credit card?
I just hear about bitcoins but don't know too much about it. Can anyone help me to be familiar with those?
Visual Basic 2010 - Save text line to array?
How to unlock administrator pc user account. I have lost password. I have windows Xp plzzz.....?
I want to wipe my USB. SSD problem?
when i open my pendrive in the PC, it show files, folders in shortcut format & show the size only 1KB?
Whatsaap : How I can readd in My Group on Watsaap ?
Ive hidden a file, but cant seem to retrieve it on windows 7 HELP?
Why does it take my PC so long to allocate memory?
Mouse left button not work properly.?
How can I load any OS after dual boot?
reinstalling acer aspire one d255?
In excel how do i get rid of the 0 after inputing my formula ?i want to show blank instead.?
help! I vaccumed my laptop (compaq cq60 415ee) vents and now the fan seems stuck?
What about epson l210 ?
Which version of .net framework can i installed ?
How to tell whats causing WHEA_UNCONTROLABLE_ERROR?
I negotiated with a buyer on EBAY and want to sell at lower price than I put on the listing.?
Is watching porn illegal?
Any sugeestions for my 3D video to the mp4 video format?
how can I add gnome 3 to bodhi linux ?
What causes a burned DVD to play on one laptop and not another?
Best history searching search engine like Google...?
Are the formulas in Open Office Calc the same as in Microsoft Excel?
Any Website Which Can Detect my Computer / Mobile Screen Size and Provide me the right Resolution Wallpapers ?
I want to clone a video on my DVD but what is the best way?
I have a question about my ipad?
Can I convert dynamic disk to basic disk by myself?
Should I remove my laptop's battery while playing games ?
How to make those valentines?
HELP ME, PLEASE!! What can I do to fix my desktop computer with NTLDR missing issues?
How do i scan photos into my laptop?
ebay beyer protection question?
I have a seperate hard drive and it suddenly stopped being recognized by my PC. What can be wrong with it?
How to make those valentines?
What do you recommend for FM2 Socket Heatsinks?
How Do I Change The Language Of Internet Explorer 11?
What's wrong with my Dell inspiron 14r n4110 hard drive?
Yo computer geniuses, show me steps about modifying the windows 7 registry to reset the duration of trial apps?
How do you assin a scratch disk to a drive in Adobe Photoshop?
how come when i want to listen to some audio on my laptop using earbuds on some websites i can only?
How does my friend have 3,500 friends on facebook?
How to display two windows in up-and-down views?
Is \Google it\ the answer to EVERY question?
BUDGET GAMING PC BUILD! Is it good?
Will this run like a Core i7?
MacBook Air or MacBook Pro for College?
What do you look for when you watch videos on youtube?
Does Having HDD 85% Full Slow HDD Down?
Career Path Help: Video Games and Programming?
How to burn a DVD of a 2.35:1 aspect ratio mp4 vide file without distortion?
Is it better to connect my CPU radiator to cpu fan socket or pump?
Directional wifi antenna's?
is a lexmark 2580 printer compatible with a mbp 15\ 2.53?
What to do with small screen?
Printer Problems: Printer printing incorrectly.?
How many youtube accounts can you subscribe to?
Want to reactivate my Facebook account. Can they see me online?
Computer Science Java Help?
Bsod when playing games (LoL)?
CPU Cooler Installation?
using operators in java?
Gtx 770 2gb for dual monitors?
My question is how to do a factory reset on dell xps m1530 on windows vista?
My question is how to do a factory reset on dell xps m1530 on windows vista?
How to deauthorize Google Play Account?
Galaxy note 2 download failed not enough memory how to fix sd card storage?
How do you get on YouTube Poop?
What is the selector bar on the left of the screen on Ubuntu called?
Should I learn HTML for fun?
Saving a GIF animation in Adobe Photoshop CC?
What does it mean when your boyfriend adds back his ex gf on Facebook?
Can someone explain this to me in plain English.?
How to find more information about fb account?
System maintenance restricted on my Gateway PC?
Internet information services vs XAMPP?
If I uninstall and reinstall my whatsapp after it has expired will I get another free trial?
What is good editing laptop?
If I uninstall and reinstall my whatsapp after it has expired will I get another free trial?
Why does my 250 GB hard drive show up as a 74.4 hard drive? (Windows XP Latest service pack)?
What's the Dell i660-6988BK capable of?
starting with the ip address..?
Laptop doesn't have a disc drive?
Will an iMovie project play on pc?
Simple java \else\ statement not working?
Difference between notebook and laptop?
Can I fix this computer battery issue?
i cant delete an app on my pc?
getting fps drops after restoring my comp?
15.6\ vs 17.3\: Is there much noticeable difference?
Will my new laptop let me play games?
Can someone help me with a Tumblr problem?
How to Automatically Alphabetize last names in Excel?
The Oldest Desktop Rig You Use?
i downloaded a software that changed my registry?
How to kick someone off wifi with iphone?
Can anyone point me towards their favorite gamers on Youtube?
should I let my macbook pro with retina display battery to die ever?
How do i know if the parts of a Toshiba C855D-S5344 are compatible with a Toshiba C655-S5082?
Difference between i5 and i7 processors ?
My puppy ate my iPad wire?
Microsft office on flash drive?
avast anti-virus wont run?
can you tell my how much it will cost to get this fixed this is a connection point for a laptop screen leading?
Internet Explorer Error Message :Stopped working?
How do you check the form or style of the file?
Can a Ipad 2 connect to internet with me using my mobile hotspot?
PLEASE READ- how long will wifi stay?
I clicked on a police virus page, should I be worried?
How do I fix loading problems on Facebook?
If It Isn't Blue Screen of Death than What Is It?
Can I reinstall Win 7 without affecting boot menu?
C for Dummies - worth buying? Which one? Or something else?
Why didn't Apple make the 17 inch Retina Macbook for the late 2013 macbook models?
3 meothods of transmiting data over a network?
Minecraft right click not working?
How do you format an ssd to NTFS?
During Windows8.1 installation it says your computer will restart in a few moments but takes 30 min?
What specific drivers do I have to get for a new laptop?
Is the Corsair CX500 compatible with the Asus M5A99X EVO R2.0?
Am building a budget gaming pc I am a starter at building pc so I need help?
Odd Google Chrome history problem!?
Should i get the Mac Book Air or the Windows Tablet?
If I backup my laptop will it save all my favourite bookmarks and/or channels I'm subscribed to on utube?
10mbps DIsh net vs 3mbps DSL att?
Need help with writing a program that involves arrays in C language?
Is the Radeon HD 8400 a good enough card for GTA-San Andreas (played on an emulator?)?
Does the Facebook Chat sidebar show who is looking at your profile?
What can this graphics card run?
what is a wordpress archive?
Where have my itunes songs gone?
why is my laptop not booting?
after installing new hard drive and windows 8 no internet (Wi-Fi or LAN)?
Where is my inbox in youtube?
Where is my inbox in youtube?
I got a NEW Asus computer, help with Administrator/Standard user permissions?
Can I dual up A10-6800K APU and XFX R7850 Core Edition?
removing microsoft visual c++ 2010 x86 redistributable - 10.0.30319?
I need help on making videos?
Is it illegal to film a video that was in youtube?
Good way to fix slow and virus computer?
Which video editing software is best for wedding video edit?
Is it illegal to create fake people on the internet?
Should I learn python 2 or 3?
how to cancel startup repair?
Do you know a website where i can watch Pirates of the Caribbean 4:stranger of tides free?
Question about thumbs up and thumbs down on YouTube video?
What Ethernet cable is best for 10/100Mbit Ethernet Interface?
I'm looking to buy a computer?
Why have you deleted the ability to print an article?
How can I resize my hard drive past the allowed amount on Windows 7?
Computer Shuts Down 3 Seconds after Turning On?
Is the MSI GTX 760 Twin Frozr Gaming 2GB a bad card?
Hard disk S.M.A.R.T command prompt failed?
I think somebody is watching me through my webcam?
My Hiberfil.sys, pagefile.sys and swapfile.sys are infected whith a virus. What shuld i do?
Question about reporting malware?
What laptop should I get?
Arduino / Simple electronic question?
What is wrong with my computer and Minecraft?
Survey about Responsive Web Design, your input is appreciated. =)?
Looking for the ideal laptop for me?
Do main computer and laptop have the same ip address?
iwork for snow leopard?
Is there a program that can put all my music at the same sound level?
Is Macbook Air good for my needs?
What do you think would be a good graphics card upgrade?
video card high temp?
What is better? Gaming pc?
need new tumblr blogs to follow?
Is a nVIDIA® GeForce™ 7900 better than a nVIDIA® GeForce™ 9300 GE?
There is a guy my mom is friends with on facebook and he is really dirty.?
Need a new build with certain criterias?
I now have Chrome, Now I can't add a web side to my desktop. I never had this problem before.?
what kind of gaming performance would you get out of a AMD A10-5800K APU 3.8Ghz Processor?
what email providers that start with the letter m?
PC Build Idea? Good Idea?
Is rainbow dash the next Alicorn in season 4?
help my adobe photoshop elements freezes up when i am almost finished with a piece of art?
We bought a wireless printer last week, which we have loaded the DVD onto the desktop computer..?
If statement computer programming is incorrect?
We bought a wireless printer last week, which we have loaded the DVD onto the desktop computer..?
Internet hacking Nay or Yay?
Do you need a graphics card with newest intel i3?
Where can I get a job with programming at the age of 15?
*** computer i3 - how much WATT? ***?
how do i make a web address a linkon this website in my answers?
What is JVM from Java?
Am I entitled to an refund on Amazon?
HTML will not link my external CSS stylesheet?
I can not access facebook and youtube?
Where old Apple laptops shaped like apples?
Would apple still be able to fix a 5th gen ipod classic?
Can a 350W power supply handle a intel i3 4130 and a radeon 6670?
Question about my neighbors?
Power Supply for 2 x Video Cards?
How to make a youtube gaming channel feel original?
What is a backup system in an IT field?
Is there a software/app package that I can keep my passwords organized with?
What's the coolest gamified app you've been using lately?
How do i fix this problem with my internet screen?
is there a method in java that computes the length of a string?
How do you use iTunes vouchers?
Does anyone know where to buy a new Intel Core i5 laptop for under $500?
Is there nudity on youtube?
Have you used any little-known browsers like Yandex or Baidu?
Is it wise to buy a cheap tablet only for reading books?
I need some COSC 1 help?
how do i put music from youtube on my google + profile?
I think my computer has a virus?
Shall I get a 2DS or 3DS XL?
How to get my website show \HTTPS\ and verified? Does it take long?
Is this a font, & if so what's the name?
Is the any operator similar to foreach in JavaScript?
Rank 10 programming language by their popularity?
Goedkoop webdesign in Gorinchem?
where can i find a copy of microsoft office 2013 cheap ?
If I make Minecraft videos, will people hate me?
Which processor is best for gaming?
Do you watch \How it should have ended\ (HISHE) on youtube?
Is the Core i5 3230M with 8 Gb of RAM and 1 TB hard drive sufficient for photoshop?
What kind of keywords do you use in google?
How can i factory reset a gateway netbook?
Is there any point getting a cooler for an old laptop?
Why \net\ post-fix is used in virus naming?
What Laptop should i get?
Wich is more needed: RAM or processor power for a laptop that's gonna be used for gaming?
Yahoo refreshes every time I try to create a post. The only site I have a problem with this on. Virus? Hacker?
Advice, buying laptop?
I can't find a specific pc cleaner?
i have avast premire 30 day trial but now i want to use avast anti virus free version. what to do?
What do you people use the internet for?
I have two computers on my network with same ip address. How do I resolve this issue?
How do I set my computer so that it does not let me login from 12 AM to 10 AM?
COME HERE IF YOU CALL YOURSELF A JavaScript EXPERT?
tumblr tag page thingy question?
Whats faster? a 5400RPM SATA Hard Drive? Or a 7200RPM IDE Hard drive?
can u screenshot on a zte savvy?
Do you think the internet is bad or good?
IPHONE OVERHEATED PLEASE HELP?
I am computer illiterate and I bought a Dell Tablet now how do I get it hooked up or how does it work?
Youtube Channel Help?
which one would you use Windows 7 or Windows 8?
How can i remove it???
Is there anyway to make the sidebar in chrome more visable?
A recording apps for singers?
Is there any way to read files on ntfs formatted external hdd with Note 3 without root?
what things are needed for live web page on internet?
What are these green links that I recently see on web pages?
Will it change my Facebook profile picture?
Why won't my video play on mobile youtube?
How do I turn on \windows defender\ while using Windows 8? Do I need it?
Is Bit coin a Really safe thing to use, because a game that is going this month is using it so you can buy stu?
Need help with Excel?
can I download an ipad 5 onto my dell computer with microsoft operating unit?
can't get rid of Default Tab spyware?
How many MB's are in 1GB?
I made two face book account inadvently. Now I intend to combine both account and maintain only one account.?
what is wrong with my modem?
Please need so much help, am in a great dilemma?
google chrome when i click on search box an ad opens in new tab?
I have a bad habit on YouTube?
What is going on with my internet?
What is the difference between \auto play\ and \loop\? (in context of viewing slides)?
Private browsing affects Youtube views?
Is this the end of my MacBook Pro?
Can My Custom PC run without a GPU?
what's the use of function pointers? plz explain it in layman terms?
RegSvcs infected with Darkcomet RAT virus?
Can I connect my wireless printer to my desktop?
Why don't his posts show up on my news feed?
Will this computer setup work?
scary monitor clicks at night help?
How do you clone a hard drive on windows 7?
What is the disc that come with Macbook Pro 2011?
Should I buy a Samsung laptop?
Kik messenger username and name?
Moving sql 2008 files from one PC to another?
I Cant Find Which 2 pins are the power switch pins on my motherboard?
How to download iPhone app called iBrate?
What's your typing speed?
Please help me resolve blue screen of death error 1033?
I wanna use this python in java! any boD can help? :(?
If somone blocked me from following on twitter can they still get my messages?
Video card help needed?
*** Computer Power button does not work **?
Good RSS Feed Reader?
Cheap Web Hosting - Host Dingle?
HELP with Computer windows 7!?
untrusted connection issue?
What is the problem when the computer freezes and the page you were on, or Internet Explorer, stop responding?
Hel: i think i deleted the programme that controlled the sound in my computer?
How Can I Make Login System With Godaddy Website Builder?
Are skype video calls monitored and stored?
What is the process of Software Testing?
How to restore damaged Lotus Notes database from corrupted .nsf file?
Which should i choose Intel DH87MC or Asus H87M-E Motherboard ? For playing latest games,etc....?
a probleam with Microsoft.net framework how to fix it?
How to open and run gta san andreas on windows 7 ultimate 32 bit?
What would you like to learn in photoshop?
If i have an integrated graphic card on my laptop, more Ram will help me? graphic card: radeon 8400M?
HELP! How do I stop facebook from remembering my password?
How to restore damaged Adobe Illustrator .ai file?
Show/hide button on website won't work?
What things people want to learn in photoshop?
Which is best server online shopping?
Internet Download MAnager?
I have Windows media player in Windows Vista.Windows media player does not work for videos.?
Do I need to get a license to create a tutorial for a product that requires one for commercial use?
Need someone to teach me how to build a website?
How to view of damaged .docx file of Microsoft Word?
Each programming project is a different thing. Way too different.?
Is it possible to run applications on Modern-windows 7?
I need to know how to record my PC screen?
What car is that in Lana Del Rey's Born To die video?
Is this a good Custom PC?
What music writing software should I use?
Why is Facebook slow only to my account?
Why does my computer not recognize that particular CD?
Is it posible to 3d print these?
How to view of damaged .dbx file of Outlook Express?
What happens to facebook page which has no admins at all?
Adobe Photoshop Price in India with suggestion?
How many pixels are in a New Year's resolution?
how can i download adobe flash player 12 exclusively for chrome browser and windows 7 operating?
How to avoid sharing my location on Facebook ?
will this be enough for battlefield 4?
youtube pays by the total views of whole videos on channel or by views of single video?
What's the best possible build you could build me for about 1,350$.. (Read)?
What is the best url shortening website?
Would anyone like to use this picture I just made in photoshop/rate it?
Which one is better motherboard ?
How do you find someone on facebook if you don't know if they have one or not?
How to open corrupted .mdb file of Microsoft Access?
USB ports not working (code 43)? Any advice or help is highly appreciated.?
What kind of laptop should i get?
Is it safe to overclock my graphics card?
My HP Laptop Mouse will stop when I move it right to left? 10 POINTS FOR MOST EFFECTIVE ANSWER?
Am I damaging my computer by playing DuckTales Remastered every day?
Does MTS MBlaze have any expiry period?
why is there only audio not video when i try to save movie in movie maker?
Guys how to I make a primary partition (instead of logical drive) ?
What the hell is this \I'd ship _ with _\ crap?
iMac G3 Won't Upgrade to Mac OS X?
Why does my PC alarm,s its screen is blank and keyboard sleeps?
do you think this would be a good buy, a refurbed macbook air?
where to learn android software making?
Which operator provides fastest internet?
Which one it the best?
How to make USB 3.0 bootable using windows 7 loader?
Can I install windows on my android phone?
Can I use a modem and wireless router only?
What does this mean in the typing world?
If i have a image, how can i know what website or facebook account contain it ?? please help me.?
Help with my Apple ID D:?
which Graphics Card is better evga geforce gtx 760 2gb or Gigabyte R9 270X?
Windows 8.1 really unstable on old custom PC?
i have windows 8,when ever i connect to internet my intenet conetion downloads automatic updates for my laptop?
Which enterprise can offer us finest antivirus with economic value?
What tablet is better?
Computer liquid cooling on the fritz?
How to set AM/PM from lowercase to uppercase on iPhone (iOS7)?
how do you insert a gif into a facebook comment?
how can i be sure i uninstalled google chrome?
Is the Surface Pro 1 strong enough to handle Adobe Flash and Adobe Premiere?
Why does dell say Dell inspiron 15R is unavailable?
Can I use the disc again?
Can't Run Minecraft?
Mac vs. Windows vs. Linux?
WHATS A better processor for gaming? 10 POINTS BEST ANSWER HELPPPPPP?
Connection between ROM,CPU and operating systems software?
Water cooling or air cooling on a i7 3970X?
Which windows is good to use, XP or Windows 7?
Which windows is good to use, XP or Windows 7?
What would be the best Motherboard for my build? (Specs in Desc.)?
How do i call out this cell with functions in excel?
Do you have to pay per each modem?
Can't find LAN IP address?
Is this a decent computer build for gaming?
My iPhone4 Screen Turn On By Itself?
Getting into a password-protected laptop?
Could someone show me a simple method to convert decimal to hex and vice versa?
How to i keep an image at the top of my tumblr blog?
Which processor is better: Athlon Thunderbird or Core 2 Duo?
What does it mean when it says on someone's profile \blank answered 5 questions\?
Which Motherboard is better?
ccleaner deleted google chrome...can use advice?
How to get rid of Phone Internet History completely?
How do i perform 77 * 34 in the 8051?
Just bought a laptop that uses windows 8. Now what?
Is there a way to recover deleted photos from facebook?
Excel,How do i use a function to call out number greater than 10, lesser than 30 ?
I can't find the 'steam' folder!?
Broke the S key off my windows 7 professional! Anything I can do?
My apple won't let me connect to Netgear router?
Is the Geforce 660 (none TI) ok for this?
Is it better to purchase my own router or use the one installed by our internet provider?
help computer problems?
Is Google Chrome haveing problems?
Youtube Username for a Beauty type Channel?
How to clone VMware virtual disk?
Always been wanting to know this.?
Help finding High capacity external hard drive compatible with Windows Vista -- any suggestions?
dose the facebook messenger coast any thing?
How to crop the height and width of the video?
Best youtubers please?
How can I record (and save as an MP3 file) a streamed audio clip online.?
How Do You Update Grahpics Card?
Good Single Player Game?
computer wont turn on please help?
I need help on my first build!?
Is 31 ms ping, 7.63 mbps download, and 0.96 mbps upload good?
What is a server case?
what is the proper name for a internal dvd burner for a laptop?
If the motherboard on my laptop is \fried\ does it mean nothing can be done with the laptop?
Why do I not have the option to \move but keep both files\ on my Windows 8?
What is wrong with my code on vb.net?
Is it okay for me to make another YouTube account?
my internet speed used to be 86% faster than most of united states now its barely 70% faster what happened?
Problems with Youtube's subscription box.?
Why does Youtube have an age limit for seeing certain videos?
A group I was on facebook with vanished. Am I blocked?
How do I make a video on YouTube?
How can I access snapchat online?
Can Youtubers see who has subscribed to them?
I keep getting redirected to Jenkins. please I need help?
so i am using excel 2013 and need some VBA help?
Can you use the Iphone's ios 7 icons for your own app?
Should I get msi or macbook pro?
Is this laptop good for minecraft?
my up-down-left-right scroll buttons are gone?
how much do apple mac book pro cost?
My HP desktop PSU is humming when connected to the wall outllet. What would be the cause?
Is Youtube working for you right now?
Youtube 500 Internal server error?
No color before and after system recovery. FBI malware disabled hard drive and all security programs. Turned?
Can't find my Google Homepage?
Why is it that every time I go on Gta 5 I have to install it ?
What GAMING PC Build is better?
I use a MacBook, how do I add a second computer?
Are integrated graphics any good?
How long does it take for an AVG Anti-virus program to uninstall from a computer?
How to get Adobe Photoshop CS6 Student Teacher Edition?
How do I turn a software DVD into a file that can be executed without a DVD drive on another computer?
Skype webcam odd issue, playback breaks up into 3 lines(screenshot attached)?
do I need a flash player for chrome and firefox?
How to fix Java Error?
What to put in A:\\> in windows xp PC?
Do these computer specs actually work together?
Why are Core i7 processors so expensive? Just the CPU is more expensive than an entire netbook?
what is that part of the ip address in which all devices on that network share called?
So I have an emerson tablet I knowbits not a very good tablet but its good enouph for me but now when I turn i?
HP Intel and Nvidia Problem?
Question about Setting Up Graph in Excel?
what does the top part of the following mean, http://postimg.org/image/71a0bo3w3/0e1761fc/?
I reinstalled iWorks '09 and all applications are not opening?
My computers frames are locked at 60 on everything how can i stop this?
Can I Put An SSD In My Mac Book Pro?
is this internet speed good?
I have a crappy All-in-one PC, but I want to become a PC gamer?
Why does Youtube have an age limit for making an account and seeing certain videos?
Staying safe on the deep web tips.?
Free video editing programs?
Does anyone else use Avira mobile security for iPhone can iPhones get virus's or malware on them?
How to view a Microsoft Word Starter 2010 file?
MY COMPUTER IS RETARDED?
Why aren't my Google Chrome shortcuts working?
how can i download the latest adobe flash player onto my computer or at least one that will allow me?
Stick with python or learn C? (Large program designs)?
Good gaming computer under $700?
Power supply question?
Will this keyboard work with my Microsoft Surface Rt?
GIMP: I tried exporting as a gif, just gives me still image?
How do i hide my activity on facebook from a specific person?
*************How to make an autohacking USB******** & &*@&$*&@*$&@($(08498#%!(@*)?
Any c++ programmers willling to help with a game?
What can I do with a wireless mouse?
Is this HP computer good for gaming and video recording at the same time?
How do I reformat my document from double-quotes (\) to single-quotes (') using MS WORD?
HDD vs hybrid drives?
MS Visual Studio, Dimensioning variables on form load?
What are some good motherboards (for gaming) compatible with intel i7 and GTX 760?
In which order we should learn programming languages ?
What is the running time in Big-Oh notation for the following algorithm?
No sound after reinstalling xp on laptop?
What is the difference between an App and Programs?
format data in listbox VB.net?
Disable Facebook Newsfeed?
Help! In picking memory for gaming rig.?
Is 85 Degrees For a AMD Powercolour 6870 bad? and can it be dangerous?
Which 780 would you chose and why?
How do I get my facebook account back?
If I don't have a drive for my webcam can people still hack it and see what I'm doing?
Does anyone know a website that I can download .apk files (specifically minecraft) that actually work?
are wireless keyboards for a desktop as responsive as corded ones?
About my processor (AMD with graphics)?
How do I stop YouTube from sending me emails every time someone comments on?
Computer Programming?
Do mA add up in batteries?
in which language is adobe photoshop written?
when will windows 9 come to the market?
is windows 8 the best operating system?
Is this a good gaming pc?
Hey can you help me think of a youtube name that has Josh in it.?
HTML posistion:fixed-Can it exist twice?
I need help buying a gaming pc or laptop that is cheap. at least 600 dollars.?
Lego Digital Designer OS X 10.9 Problems?
Problem with a .mkv conversion?
JavaScript String to Code?
Since downloading jave latest having problem with security setting?
how can delete everything from my acer aspire one with a broken screen that doesnt work?
how would a gaming laptop perform in 2 years on current games?
How to get information output from Arduino Uno?
How to transfer old hard drives to a new PC without losing data?
Why can't I download flash player update?
What are web analytics?
which laptop processor is better?
how do you delete a .dmg file in use?
How to find the smallest pallindrome number larger than n in c++ language?
Application Blocked by Security Settings?
Is changing your IP address from static to DHCP illegal?
Can i use any graphics card with any computer?
The Best PC antivirus?
HELP - How do you organize your e-books collection? Do you use software, template, database,...etc?
Is there a way I can watch NFL games on-line live or do I have to wait until after the game and see highlights?
How much video memory does a Intel HD 4000 Have?
Is the Intel Pentium G620 Dual Core 2.6GHz a good CPU for gaming?
My i5 3570K is idle at 31 degrees, Is this an ok idle temp?
Why does our wifi slow down when the main desktop is logged on?
How to sublimation printing?
What is unity web player?
unknown pc on my mac?
What are the key features of Utility Software?
What tablets/laptops are there for my grandad?
Which build should i go for?
Difference between software and hardware?
Is Real Clean PC pro a scam?
I generally use Mozilla Firefox, every time I visit any site some of the words of the page appears as link ,?
How to view of damaged .ost file of Microsoft Exchange Server and Outlook?
How do I get internet connection for my laptop?
Hi, I recently accidently quick formatted a partition on my hard drive. I tried EaseUS software and recovered?
Everytime i go to a website another tab opens?
will this laptop suffice for gaming/web surfing?
How to get my Google Chrome \new tab\ back to normal?
Will there be a 64 bit version of google chrome?
HP Winter Blue good for gaming?
What do i need to upgrade on my computer?
Can you help me with my BIOS update problem?
Can you help me with my BIOS update problem?
How to put tumblr posts under a tab on your blog?
why is my video taking long to upload?
How good is this computer for gaming?
can i use and Ipad for work?
Cheap High End Computer Build For Gaming?
can you clean your computer internally yourself?
Snapchat website to access snapchat online on your computer?
How to remove Garda Siochana Virus on Mac?
Which hard drive should I use for installing OS or for games?
How many fans do I need for an AMD Radeon HD 7790 2GB?
What is Head tag used for in HTML / HTML5 . PLEASE HELP .?
I need help on base conversions?
Is this a good gaming pc?
Macbook or Dell laptop?
I need help with uploading photos from my digital camera.?
Can I move my Adobe files to a different hard drive?
Is my motherboard burnt on my laptop?
Is there any reason I should log out everytime I leave the house ? There are no children in the house.?
How do Youtube Beauty Gurus afford expensive things?
Is there any pattern to the way Intel name it's i7 processors?
how do you find the biggest square number that is smaller than n?
Should I upgrade my computer's RAM to 16GB?
Can you check Snapchat's online?
only for those who intende of video card?
Minecraft servers anyone?
is it possible to create a website that has comments or interaction between users ,using java only.?
4gb DDR3 ram= 2.6gb DDr3 ram!!!!?
Where can I watch the NFL games today on-line for free?
what is a good pokemon x and y walkthrowgh channel?
Do some people use Facebook as a diary?
Windows Keyboard Shortcuts?
Can someone please explain what a RAID set up is for a PC?
i need help with visual basics?
What does EasyMiner software do ?
Can you help me with google chrome?
How do I view a blue screen warning?
which is better for playing battlefield 4 and recording?
How long will this laptop game at a good setting for?
what is the command in minecraft cracked to make a nice big house?
Desktop or laptop for next computer purchase?
Why Won't This Work? (HTML/CSS)?
Instead of a USB or installation disc, can I use a small HD partition for installation of OS X / Windows ?
Glass Screen Protector?
Which and where to buy desktop recommend for gaming and internet use?
How to press MMB in mouse?
Why am I not able to screencapture at 60fps even with a good system?
Help! Skype on Macbook Pro going wrong!?
Please name a software which will allow me to compare names on one list versus to names on another?
Which Hard Drive Wiper Software/CD Is Needed For Complete Vista Deletion?
My laptop turns off suddenly!.. at any time... without any warnings.?
About how much is my laptop worth now?
Will this build work for absolutely everything that I want to do?
HELP! How to turn the format of my keyboard into the US layout?
IS this a good graphic card?
Local Disk(C) in my PC shows 285GB. Do you know how many actual GB I have?
why has the latest Vlc player volume not 200% any more ? it now like 125%?
how to put a picture over a video on YouTube on mobile?
I Think I Messed My Dad's Computer. . Help.?
how to hyperlink some text in powerpoint to a slide in the same powerpoint on mac?
review my website idea?
unlocking a file from a computer?
What Is The Indian Price Of Nvidia Geforce Gt 610 Graphics (MRP)?
Are there any notable computer programmers that started late in life?(after age 20)?
How long does it take for a laptop hard drive to be repaired in Melbourne, Victoria?
How do i change the login language on my macbook?
He deleted me from Facebook to test me?
what is the last version of geforce 9500 compatible with vista 32 bit?
When I see \Compatible with 64-bit\?
What is the difference between windows 7 and windows 8 ?
Back up of Windows 7 Ultimate?
Back up of Windows 7 Ultimate?
i have core i 3 new laptop. when i shut down and start again the capslock blinks n lap does not start . ?
Can you get addicted to a video sex chat?
What site has the best chat rooms?
Installing graphics card?
How can I get women to have a naughty chat with me?
Firefox browser slow and freezing?
I can't remember the password to my computer. Help, please? (See details below)?
Who is santosh9547 all over the internet?
How to change my picture on my Youtube channel without Google+?
Are there any devices that use 1024*1024 resolution?(a square screen) what kind of device?
Kik on PC question, help?
Should I Install windows 8.1 on my lenovo G570 laptop?
Will I be able to access my files?
I deleted facebook - good choice?
Why is the download button/tab on youtube gone?
Will this Computer run Minecraft?
How long will this laptop perform for?
Does Facebook friends count as friends?
How many times do you have to unsubscribe to unsolicited spam before they get the message?
HP Keyboard, Space Bar loose on the right side?
Apple or Microsoft, which do you prefer?
Does my Asus P5VD2-MX motherboard supports an Intel i7 or an other processor from the Intel i serie?
Help to write min,max program for school?
What is the refresh rate of a Samsung Syncmaster P277OH monitor?
How long before Adsense Stats catch up to my Blogger stats?
No driver file installed on usb driver. What can I do?
What's some good Facebook games to play with your friends.?
I accidently saw illegal content on tumblr?
How can I prevent my valuables from being stolen again?
My hackintosh's Wifi won't work!?
what is dpx.js from i.simpli.fi?
Can I upgrade my laptop?
my nvidia driver won't update?
How can I get extra icons on my desk top?
Program that makes a video have two audio channels?
How to view downloaded HTML website?
How to know who visited my orkut profile?
Is a 430Watt psu going to be enough for i3 4130 3.4?
where to join GATE 2015 Coaching in Bangalore?
when I open a new tab bing comes up instead of google wtf do I need to do to fix it?
find the error in this java program?
how to backup complete windows7 with all the data(exactly the same as nandroid)....professionals plz explain?
How to download large files? need a software like torrent! please help? okay i want to download this large Rar?
How to download large files? need a software like torrent! please help?
Is anyone else having problems with omegle?
Java vs .Net which one is better..please answer neutrally with justification..?
How would I add elements into an array for C++?
Why does Youtube have an age limit for certain videos?
how to get https domain name?
Why does facebook not accept most of the phone numbers in Myanmar to verify account?
I still can't find the solution??
gif maker online or download?
How do i block someone's profile on youtube so i can't see their videos?
I see Nicholas Cage everywhere!?
Help with fixing a PHP Form Error?
Is it possible to live in the modern world and not use Facebook?
Whats going on with youtube?
windows 7 black screen I need help?
How to work with FileZilla.?
PC Build help ($900 for 2014)?
How to Find Missing Drivers?
How do I prevent one of my friends from seeing everything I post to pages I like on Facebook?
MS office 2013 installation problum?
Server and internet provider company are same thing or different?
What can someone see about you if they have your ip address?
Total number of digits in C?
Could any one give me social bookmarking list for Uk country?
C:\\Users\\ADMINI~1\\AppData\\Local\\Temp?
My laptop becomes hot and auto stops. Pls help me?
what is the cheapest i5 laptop i can buy?
Free intro making sites?
Which is better-Nvidia Geforce GT 620M and AMD Radeon HD 8750( in laptops )?
my screen for mail has reduced in size so i can hardly read it. This is a new laptop for me w/windows 8.?
From where I can learn Web Design, Web Development, SEO?
TI – 84+ Pocket Edition SE : Which OS should I choose?
Reported friends picture, and can no longer see their posts?
C++: Can I put a method inside an if statement?
What C++ Compiler should I get?
Why won't Google Chrome open?
What would happen if I uninstall Norton Security?
I want to have a dual monitor setup and i need help.?
When changing a Graphics Card do I have to uninstall the old drivers?
Internet and Windows 8 PROBLEM?
Do I need an apple device firs before setting up iCloud on my PC?
Will this combo bottleneck?
What Anti-Aliasing should I be using?
ONLINE PRIVACY FRUSTRATION?
How long is the manufacturer warranty on a Samsung chromebook?
Are New Routers Slow During the First Day?
AMD HD 8570M or HD 7670M for laptop gaming?
Can anyone tell me how to connect my NOOK Tablet to my WI-FI network? I'm getting an excellent signal.?
Desktop won't connect to the internet?
what does the following error message mean, \this content is not supported by your handset\?
Programming-Accessing private methods in java?
How can you save a gif on a MacBook?
Dell Monitor reads \entering power save mode\?
Howcome when I press \save\ to in notepad it goes to \save as\?
What's worth upgrading on a MacBook Pro the processor or ram?
Is Facebook slowly becoming Myspace? Or is it just me?
How would you go about generation vertical lines in Java?
What now????????????
How do I return someone bought on ebay?
Is there a free way to clone my 60gig ssd drive into my new 240g ssd drive?
Is this a Trojan on my netbook?
is at&t home internet unlimited?
Can someone send me a Facebook friend request after i've unfriended them?
Two administrator accounts on my computer, how to secretly make mine secure, private and out of influence?
Can I install another OS on a computer that won't start on it's own?
Are computers now a necessity?
HELP! can't do emojis on instagram and stuff!?
Why isn't my letter \z\ working on my keyboard?
I need a laptop but don't know what?
How long should a repair on microsoft office 8 take to finish?
Can you make YouTube videos with a iPod touch 5th gen?
what in the world does this mean.?
How do I get my music from my old MacBook to my new iPod Nano?
can I use Norton and malwarbytes in my computer?
I am having a problem with Internet Explorer 10...?
can this computer run skyrim?
How to separate emails from same domain?
Excel help, how can i create a table of outcomes for 2 variables of categorical data?
Help on *GAMING* PC build?
PC Gaming on my BenQ Console Gaming Monitor?
what program should i use to make 8 and 16 bit music?
i want to watch the local cbc vancouver news but cannot because it keeps telling me that i need?
Why does my uTorrent download speed stop increasing at 1.4mbps?
How much does iWork cost on the Mac App Store?
java 7.51 Who is having major issues with this update?
Gaming laptops as an option?
Help..Windows 8 action center says my Norton Anti Virus is not working?
System difference with an SSD?
Is it worth choosing a different network card in this configuration?
Please help, my youtube subscription page wont load all videos?
How to connect to a printer through WIfi?
Why do most websites favor \one page\ over \multiple page\ loading formats?
Help I can't decide!! Do I get a ps4 or a Laptop?
Can I upgrade to a legit Windows 7 os from a pirated Windows Vista?
how do i get a video onto you tube?
What is a good site to make an official seal?
How would you do this in C++?
Somebody is crashing my internet?
what is the problem with my facebook?
How to prepare my laptop for sale with pre-installed Windows 7?
is my broadband speed good?
why do you need to know html for web design?
How do I fix my internet? It disconnects frequently and then reconnects 3-5 minutes later.?
Is this a good budget gaming laptop?
Whats a Good YouTube name for two 18 Year old girls who do pranks and skits?
How long should laptops last?
Is this a good gaming build?
Are youtube allowed to put advertisements on my video?
Why does my internet disconnect whenever I put my laptop mode on sleep......?
SO on my Youtube page, it will only show me 22 recent uploads, why won't it show me any more?
Unwanted hard drive that i dont need?
Facebook? Friend button?
Motherboard- Ram Card Capability?
If someone tags you in a photo on instragram...?
What hard drive will a toshiba satellite 3000 x11 use?
Is this a good computer for mid-high level gaming (and recording at the same time)?
Where does my website code actually reside?
Laptop with UMA and HD 4400 graphics? What does that mean?
is my computer still good?
My laptop plays music when iTunes is closed?
Help, got half sized ebay.....?
How to disable pirate bay ads in internet explorer? 10 points!!?
If I quit Netflix and then sign back up with the same email address, does it save my settings?
My disc drive on my laptop won't read?
is there a way to turn the shutter noise off my mac?
What is the purpose of security images on logon screens?
Can someone help me with the design of my youtube channel?
DNS server not responding?
is 3 mbs enough for netflix or hulu plus?
What games that are supported by Facebook are good for getting to know people?
How can I do a video response on another person's channel?
Would it be cheaper to fix my laptop or buy a new one?
POLL:Facebook and LinkedIn users?
Which is better for calls and msgs??really confused?
I'm trying to change my password but nothing happens?
How to stop my email from being hacked again?
How to write a vb.net program using delegates?
Confused on the different ways to underline text in HTML?
Does this motherboard have native support for windows 8 and the FX 6300?
Why aren't my downloaded torrents playing?
how do I get paint pro photo x5 to load quicker?
Will 2 GPU's enhance my gameplay?
How do I get my full WiFi speed?
what is the editing app??
how to remove my ip from google analytics ?
what could my YouTube username be?
can two users both be administrator accounts in windows 8?
The more views I get on my site will the amout per click go up?
How do I make 2 screenshots one picture?
How to increase vram on intel HD 4000?
whats the cheapest tablet I can get? and what features does it have?
What games can this computer run?
I have problems with my phone?
Why did my 8gb usb drive change to 2gb capacity?
Are any of these programs on my computer viruses or adware..?
What is the result of command: int *(a[10]);? C language?
how many GB are the youtube servers?
Which graphics card should I buy?
Can This PC Setup Run DayZ standalone, or DayZ mod?
How do I get permissions on a Minecraft server?
Help me to maintain site load time?
Can my PC handle it?
Is the Left 4 Dead K-On! Mod legit 10 POINTS?
If Linux is a free download, why do people buy a disc from eBay?
how to get a macbook air for 200$ to 300$ ?
SOLVED- Java 7/51 DOES work in Yahoo Games?
If I turn my computer off will Dropbox still upload?
Why can't I comment on Facebook pages I've Liked?
Is there a voice modifier/translater that will speak the spoken text with a British accent?
I want to build my own server computer?
Are there any safe and free anti virus programs on line? Totally free?
is ok to delete of my hp laptop microsoft visual c++2008 redistributable?
Why does this keep appearing on my dashboard everytime I log onto tumblr?
HOW DO I MAKE AN IMAGE MOVE WITH THE ARROW KEYS IN VISUAL BASIC 2010 EXPRESS?
i have a chipset mother board and dont know if i can get a dedicated graphics card?
facebook keeps crashing on iphone 4?
In linux, what is makefile and what does it do?
Is it possible to plug up an external GPU to you laptop?
My windows 7 display is glitching?
When you like a photo on Facebook, do the other likers get a notification saying you liked the photo too?
Limited connection Windows 8?
Computers software: What does this meme mean?
how do I make a question blog and where should I start?
Why is the MSI GP70 the same price as the GP60?
whats the difference between these two laptops?
Java Syntax vs C++ Syntax?
Does this website work when you guys open it?
what is the best laptop to buy that isn't freaking expensive?
Is turbo boost good for gaming?
A really good software for video ?
if quite a few of windows updates have failed in the past, what should i do?
Is there a Firefox addon for this?
On wireless routers, how can you use 2 channels on 2.4 Ghz?
what should i do about my earphone jack on laptop?
Can my laptop run dayz?
What type of Instagram should I make?
How to publish my site to wordpress from notepad++?
what would be a good laptop for college?
is this enough gb for wow?
Why can't anyone join my server?
Why wont my MacBook Pro send pictures via bluetooth?
Is my computer going to be powerful enough?
Background in Windows 7 changes by itself?!?
PC shuts off without warning? Seems to happen only when playing games?
Youtube subscription feed not going past 30 videos?
What happens when you turn on a laptop with no OS installed?
wanting to upgrade gfx card that i could handle?
Why are half of my youtube comments invisible or deleted?
can i thrust to download files\office starter\from SnapFiles.com ?
Accessing my HDD after a change of motherboard?
Is it a good idea to buy a new laptop computer if current one is four years old?
CMD Window Opens and Closes?
How can you keep a song on youtube from \skipping\?
Are Proper Keyboard Fingers Important?
Python file help please?
In Microsoft Excel 2010 how do you get an IF statement to check multiple cells for a single value?
Is this Gaming PC worth buying for 450 pounds?
i cannot see my photos that I attach in private messaging on facebook?
How do I turn my router off?
Which graphic card would be best for a laptop i7 4th gen, 8 gb ram?
Flow diagram decision question?
what are the best website design services in hyderbad ?
What all printers would be compatible with a Dell Inspiron 15?
Is it dumb to buy \likes\ on Facebook?
why has Win 7 64-bit wmplayer become \not compatible\?
Can you be put on the sex offenders list for talking to girls you know on facebook?
When programming: Is it normal to go blank-headed and forget what you were doing?
How do you create a non-personal account on Twitter?
What will happen if I connect UPS cord to itself?
need a comptaible RAM?
I'm currently running VmWare on my mac and when i try to download anything on it said it contained a virus?
Whats better windows 8 or mac?
how to increase genuine facebook likes help me ?
Calculated Quotation HTML/PHP?
Stay with 770 or upgrade to 780?
Should I get an ASUS or Macbook Pro?
I think I have a virus in my computer.?
Where can I get digital art lessons?
How do i change the opacity of a box and keep the post non-transparent in Tumblr?
could someone please help me with opening a DND RW computer disc ?
Has anyone used cc cleaner free?
Crysis 3 DX11 or DX10 patch?
Please help on excel problem?
Having Internet Issues?
Does exist Vine for Windows 7 or something similar?
How can I explore all restricted website without harming computer?
A query on Facebook - sending messages?
What parts of my gaming PC should I look to upgrade first?
Is this a better Optiobn??
Is Facebook just one gimungous Opinion Poll?
Why There are No AMD Graphics In My Laptop?
I have .NET Framework 3 on my computer, but it doesn't run. What's wrong?
mass storage devices?
Whitch Antivirus is the best ?
Can anybody modify this runtime error of pacman java code?
I need a really good web page designer that would let me make a social network and is free.?
Need help in buying graphics card?
Toshiba Satellite L650 CD drive not recognising DVDs/CDs?
Is the disk scan before windows starting is a virus?
How to fix \This connection is untrusted\ error in firefox?
how to hack or bypass isp internet speed ..?
What is the difference between these graphics card?
Facebook like status?
windows 8.1 dvd full ( new 2.5 inch hard drive )?
What is the difference between a primary programming language and its \scripting\ language?
she-dual? whats that? thanks?
What are the green and yellow bars next to your code in Visual Studio?
What is wrong with my youtube subscription box?
How do I read MySQL records that are Null?
what do you think about this for gaming?
How to convert a Windows Media Video to VLC?
Is my website looking good?
Problems installing Windows 7?
want the photo gallery like in this site http://christopherandersonphoto.com?
I think my facebook and internet applications may have been hacked?
Any good fast proxy browsers/websites out there?
Question about writing for loops (Java)?
Is This A Good Gaming PC?
Question about writing for loops (java)?
is the iPad Air worth buying? 10 points for best answer!?
Which sites giving free adult site hosting?
My files (Patch and crack files) are getting deleted while copying from a pen drive?
Can I monetize video game reviews filmed from an games emulator on youtube.?
i can't shut down by laptop windows 8.1,?
do windows phone 7 and 8 use the same store?
What is mean by 32 bit os and 64 bit os?
iMac G5 20'' graphics card and software help?
Why do people like Twitter?
in google drive can others see the files i uploaded in it ?
Playing DVDs in Widnows 8?
How do I make a personal graphing software?
Good Budget Desktop PC?
Does anybody know how much it would cost to ship a laptop from Amazon U.S to Australia?
How after I've deleted my facebook account does facebook really delete it?
Cool computer tweaks??
Can you remote desktop a rasbery pi with a wireless adaptor or dose it have to be ethernet THANKS?
What might MS Word 2010 beginners want to learn?
is this a good PC? minecraft fps?
Is a good video card important for photo editing?
Which programming language would be best to learn?
Can I make a computer that doesn't have wifi get wifi?
What makes a computer programmer better than another programmer?
Delete co-workers from my Facebook?
Where to start on Youtube?
which software course is the best in present days....?
Write a VB.Net program to add 2 numbers using threads?
How do I disable HTML on my \text post\ for tumblr?
Can I convert android from 4.2.2 to 4.1?
Hi In excel ,how to put a function to get rid of this \message\#DIV/0!?
I have doubts about my .wmv video for help?
Is There a Way To Anonymously Receive Money over the Internet?
Why does Mavericks keep indexing my external hard drive?
How can I change 1000 to 1k followers on instagram?
What is this thing called for my keyboard?
Why does my computer show as inactive after I set up a static IP address?
i need help picking a desk top pc?
BEST recording software for dota 2?
Is Re-Installing Windows 8 will void the computer's warranty?
Where is my inbox in Youtube? 2014?
Is there a site where i can download English subtitles for movies?
Comcast cut off internet service.?
Decent computer for the price or not?
How to change your YouTube username in 2014?
HELP! Sd card in cracked tablet that still works?
How to find a Target area People in Facebook?
Snapchat bring up old pictures?
My power supply keeps shutting off and on repeatedly?
Looking for a laptop that I can use to game for under $1000?
Best desktop below 35000 INR for office ? About 3.0 ghz or more and 4gb of ram or more and easy upgradable?
How to connect my computer to tv?
New, Word Program, (Home, School edition). How do I \select all for a large document.\?
Windows 7 installation driver help?
Computer cleaning programs?
Should I buy now or wait?
Dell Inspiron Laptop battery problem?
So i got banned on omegle will my parents see it?
2GB NVIDIA GeForce GT 720M VS 1GB NVIDIA GeForce GT 740M?
When installing Microsoft, am I supposed to click Yes or No to \Do you want this programme to..?
Is Systweak Pro safe?
Which is the best browser and why?
I have an outdated motherboard can it run ddr3 memory?
what pseudo code for reading two numbers then display the larger number?
Anyone have a YouTube intro and or outro that they want to be heard?
S4 not charging after 4.3 update?
Is this popup legit? can someone help me?
VIA Back Audio jacks not working, how to enable it?
I started the twitter account for the first time. How can I make followers in that?
New replacement Laptop battery?
does kaspersky anti virus also include a firewall?
Windows XP boot partition?
Clean install of windows 7 on new hard drive? I have key.?
Tv or Monitor for X Box One?
EXTERNAL HARD DRIVE PROBLEM! Please help... THANKS IN ADVANCE?
Can't connect to internet!?
HELP! Autocad 2014 airplane?
What's the difference between Google + and Google Chrome?
where to get or buy an operating disk for a Canon PIXMA MP198, In English if possible.?
WHAT IS THE BEST GRAPHICS CARD I CAN GET?
Computer saying i have 2 monitors?
Good graphics card for $300?
Windows 8.1, how do I find \ what is running\ because my puter is slow ?
How to repair docx of Word 2013 damaged by virus?
Hi I've been using google chrome as my main web browser, I have a password problem.?
Help please! Application Blocked by Security Settings Message?
how to make my windows xp faster without deleting anything?
How to play an MKV file?
How does one make a custom Facebook profile silhouette?
WINDOWS XP termination?
If I buy a Laptop with Win 7/8 pre-installed on the HDD, will it be permanently infected?
How do you make a color appear the same to a different computer screen/tv?
How to upload videos to Facebook?
PCI Express 1.0 Card with PCI Express 3.0 Slot?
how do i recreate this example in ms word 2010?
What can I use on a Macbook Pro to take notes in class?
Monitor shut off after inactivity.?
Convert Youtube video to 3gp?
Did Not Delete Software from Control Panel, Now It's Stuck in Control Panel?
Constructors in Object-Oriented Programming Help?
How to install mathmap for gimp with Mac?
Gmod Server PortForwarded But Nobody can join?
Is this a good mid-high gaming pc build?
Is the upgrade to Windows 7 Pro from Home Premium worth it?
I am use free proxy but i cant log in to the forums??? How to change my ip address?? POINT 10!!?
IS MY WEB CAM HACKED??? HELP?
Is the upgrade to Windows 7 Pro from Home Premium worth it?
Any tips on how to search for a person who has a famous name?
Please give me product key of windows 8.1 preview?
is there a program to translate pictures from one language to another?
Cartesian product of the same set?
Is she lying to me or is facebook wrong?
Can i use video game music in youtube videos?
How can i convert a AVI file to MP4 file without having to download new software ?
Is there only one USB controller for both usb1 and usb2 on intel DG31PR?
Afterglow headset mic help please?
I made a movie on a mac but only the audio plays on my pc?
How can you delete your data usage on a Samsung galaxy tablet?
Does anyone know why a lot o the dogecoin pool websites have been hit by DoS attacks?
YouTube forcing to use G+ banner / link?
is paypal actually safe and secure?
When I want to make a video with Movie Maker my GIF images don't move, how come?
Hi! I am trying to remember a Windows 95 or 98 game I use to play as a kid?
JRE or JDK to go with eclipse?
Is there a way to surf the internet without being tracked by anybody including the government?
My laptop has a lump on my screen?
Computer won't load past \starting windows\?
Does anyone know about that, which is the best and reliable wifi hacking software without survey for windows 8?
Why would someone sneak and take pics of me over skype??
Does a guitar cover count as a legitimate cover on YouTube?
What is a good alternative video-editing program to windows movie maker?
Windows 8 doesn't have windows movie maker?
How to come up with a good username on iFunny?
Hello I have two internet provders comming in to the the house can I join them together to give me more speed?
Amd fx 8350 or intel i5 4670k?
Which parts of my laptop are upgradeable?
PC help, should I upgrade?
is this good enough for gaming?
I did something to my scroll bar on google chrome?
How to change my IP address? I got banned on forums!! POINT 10!!?
What is the difference between ram and gigabytes?
Will a PC/Mac game work well a Windows 8 Laptop?
Could you help a DUUHH Please with the function of a processor ?
Why can't ISPs put a stop to slave computers being used in DOS attacks and for spam?
Why does it take so long for my video to upload on youtube?
how to prevent ads from popping?
Whats wrong with my sd card?
What languages do i need to learn for ios phone app development?
Someone commented on my picture 'roz'?
Can you recommend good anti-malware/spyware . . .?
My computer sleeps when I close it?
How do I import photos from my phone to my mac?
Youtube Videos Choppy?
can you find me a good laptop?
How to get around OpenDNS on Windows 8?
help with java expression trees?
How to Report Fake Accounts to Twitter?
Liquid or air cooling for my system?
can i install windows 8 on the chromebook 14 because the chrome os software sucks?
How do you tell if someone deactiviated their facebook account or blocked you?
Kaspersky being Annoying?
Will updating to IOS 7 update my apps?
iTunes messes up track order?
Toshiba Satellite laptop with orange flashing light?
Javascript - Select ID within ID Path help, quick 10 points?
How is YouTube able to run smoothly almost all of the time?
laptop that can be upgrade to i3, i5?
Can I run Photoshop on this laptop?
How do you make a 'taking off your face'-effect in After Effects?
Will my cpu bottleneck my gpu?
Why is the Youtube feed so short? (January 2014)?
My xfinity dual router probs?
is it normal for my liquid cooling device to drip coolant when im playing video games?
How long will this laptop game at High for?
Looking to build a gaming/work computer that I can upgrade later but for right now cost 800?
I have a windows 8 computer and I cant go back to a previous backup on the computer i keep getting a error?
Is this a good computer for a minecraft server?
what does this mean' i'm 5ft tall but i take your whole block down shutdown'?
what software is needed to make a good video for youtube?
Selling my laptop to my friend?
how do i get a channel up and running on youtube?
what software do i need to start a youtube channel?
How do I open a *.ram file? safe site?
Help with powerbuilder please?
How do I change my display name in Gmail?
how to find someone to create a usb device prototype and how to create a pattern in London?
How do I get rid of this space with CSS?
*Urgent* C# - How to fix this bubble sort using System.IO.*?
if i put a song downloaded from bittorrent to my iphone will any virus or any slowdown happen to the phone?
Why does my desktop fan not spin?
Where can I find wordpress themes and scripts?
Do linksys wireless router and modem work with time warner cable?
How much power does my computer use?
Windows 8.1/Need Printer Update/Driver?
How much longer can my laptop survive?
Is this a good laptop and how would a ssd improve it?
Upgraded to Windows 8.1, no there's no sound. Troubleshooter says everything is working?
Can I upgrade my pc with this?
Subtitles won't show at the same time as audio?
How do I ask my girlfriend to prom, using java?!?
Help with java programming?
How well will this computer run games?
How BIOS and chips on motherboard works ?
How to find connectivity switch in Toshiba laptop?
My laptop motherboard damaged but working? What precautions should I take?
How can I hide something i post in a Facebook group from friends?
free or cheap text to speech enginge?
Am i becoming a good programmer?
Please Help me with this problem (cant connect to the internet)?
Will upgrdading my mobo cause any fps increases when gaming?
What is the best free firewall to use with avast free antivirus?
Is this a good computer?
My youtube comment is not showing up?
Automatic 'threads' appear in random order on desktop. Okay on ipad. Why?
Should I get an EVGA 780 Ti now or wait for Maxwell?
How to delete a message off of meetme?
Defective hard drive partition fix?
how do you remove sunnydale location?
How do I reset laptop to factory settings without installation disk?
who is this guy? what is the name of video? press.org?
A C program that reads the number of digits in a file?
How much are universal laptop chargers and where can I find them?
how do i post a link from a youtube video?
200mps Wireless Ethernet Adapter vs 450mps Wireless Card?
How can I make my cousin's facebook a lot better?
Will Ubuntu help my older laptop ?
Want 2 take video of me down on youtube?
Where to buy a graphics card ...?
How do I stay logged into a site I built using php?
does stuff still download hwen your computer is in hibernation mode?
You forced me to upgrade java and then forced to take on mccaffee, I removed mcaffee but cant play cards. why?
Question on Bitcoins? Beginner?
How can i get more views on YouTube?
what is the best Programming Language for this project?
Can I upgrade my video card on the hp 500-098?
What is the word for these gibberish messages that some people or bots send via text/email?
How to contact Google Research?
what information can someone get from a kik account?
Windows 7 wont boot up, \launch startup repair\ just never completes?
I want to learn c++?.......................?
Good remixing program?
Windows 7 wont boot up, \launch startup repair\ just never completes?
About Ddr 3 Graphics card?
I have problem with following MS excel 2007 behaviour.?
Whats AI in a box????????????????????
realplayer/love/hate !! HELP?
What sites use server-side scripting?
laptop is frozen on a homepage &will not move.cannot get email.have wifi?
java viruses - do I need to have java, what is it used for?
I Cant Sign Into Actual Youtube?
my ping is 54ms, download speed is 1.53 mbps, upload speed is 0.38 mbps Is this bad?
I bought this computer and what do I need to add to it?
Photoshop help please?
run android apps on pc via intel appup?
Lucazade has been exposed to my laptop screen and it is damaged.how much will it cost for repairs?
galaxy s3 how to I check my wifi useage (not mobil data)?
Will police officers get involved if lets say, 1000GB of internet was used even under a unlimited data plan?..?
How to read SAM file?
Are there cheap fast speed Internet providers?
help with ollydbg assembly? mmorpg?
How to change profession on Facebook?
google glass doesn't turn on HELP!?
app for kids where you diagnose and heal dogs?
Xbox and bt wifi- FON help!!!?
Can IDM download torrents from places such as Pirate Bay or is it just for grabbing stuff from websites?
If i just bought a computer, do i need to buy a router for my PS3 to recieve wifi from it?
What is the word for these gibberish messages that some people or bots send via text/email?
Can i block anyone from sending me friend request?
Can I buy OEM Windows for old computer or I have to buy FPP license?
Bitlocker Drive Encryption.....?
Why is AJAJ/etc. called AJAX?
Which processor is better for ASUS M2N68-AM SE2 ?
what is kms server and what about people who are activating there window 8 without paying?
I finished \C for Dummies\ book. What's next?
Ryan Higa or Jenna Marbles?
can I use my old cd/rw discs in my new computers dvd/rw drive?
i need a good youtube voice changer?
Optimize Computer Case Fan flow?
how can i fix win7 security settings to allow yahoo spades and pinochle to run?
Is this a decent gaming computer?
Can I extract windows os off my one computer and install on another? I have the licenses for both?
How do i make sure my HP Pavillion clicks every time?
My Dell inspiron 1525 gets so hot it keeps shutting down, mainly when i play games on facebook?
does anyone know a coarse on how to make an android app?
Describe six main measures that can be employed to protect and care for a floppy disk in a computer lab.?
file wont delete ???? help me please?
Why is Bullguard Proxy Using So Much RAM?
low power on front usb panel.........?
Help with basic C++ programming?
If I delete my instagram account, can someone else take my user name right away?
Can i connect laptop to projector using (HDMI Male to VGA Male Adapter Cable Converter Lead For Laptop PC TV)?
My computer keeps using up all of my ram?
Does anyone know how to separate two different audios from a video?
1.align text left 2.align text center 3.align text right. 4.align text justify 5.double line spacing.?
I had to change the p/w on my ISP website & now the router won't connect - how do I reset please?
There are some inappropriate photos on google images.?
Does Kali linux gives the same performance as Window 7 for my system?
I want to play games on Ultra settings? Will this build be able to?
Ipod Youtube app won't let me sign in?
HELP!! I need to know if my laptop can handle a different processor?
1.align text left 2.align text center 3.align text right. 4.align text justify 5.double line spacing.?
I got a laptop for chirstmas and joined netzero for my data plan. My question is how many MB are in GB ?
blocked on intagram. need help?
do they make a 15in macbook pro?
How do you fix a bug on nexus 7 tablet?
how can i text on my laptop?
My hackintosh audio isn't working!?
How to remove stain left by my nail polish remover when spilt over laptop?
How to edit adobe illustrator files on the iPad?
an error has occured,program will shut down?
Is there a way to fix the My subscription feed on YouTube?
Facebook help needed for a new user?
Is bsnl evdo working in chandigarh?
How do I use a Minecraft ScreenShot was YT Channel Art?
is there a recording version for print screening on windows 7 ??
Is any hardware compatible with Windows?
How to download from Chomikuj.pl?
External hard drive for mac?
My 8GB memory card cant read anymore after i partition it using ROM MANAGER in my android phone, help pls tnx?
My Mmx a110 canvas 2 is not starting plzzz help?
Can I use a google wallet card with my name on it?
How Do I Promote My Youtube Channel?
C drive has 35GB. All used up. D drive has 100GB all unused. How do I add to C drive?
Help with Access databases?
Why does my computer download 32bit versions of software ?
Can anyone help me get this file ?
Can I transfer the harddrive from a sony vaio laptop model vpcyb3v1e to a model VPCM13M1E?
I downloaded a song using youtube to mp3. now its only in my iTunes and i can't get it to my iPhone.?
list of PC parts for building a PC?
Putting my laptop on craigslist, what should I include in the post?
Is it possible to make a log of the IPs that make the higher number of requests per hour?
My Logitech headset \Mute Light\ has stopped working; how can I fix it?
how much time will it take to view all the sites ?
how much ram should i use with my asus r9 270x graphics card, currently i am using 3gb ddr2 ?
how do i connect to facebook?
Instagram Privacy & Hashtags?
How much roughly will it cost for a Sony Vaio Laptop is automatically shutdown?
Adding more laptop RAM...?
How much roughly will it cost for a Sony Vaio Laptop is automatically shutdown?
How to fix this bug with C# toggle key!?
What is the recommended speed limit for Video call on Hangouts and Skype?
Which photo editing tool is used?
Problem with WINDOWS XP?
How do I hide $ - in Excel?
How do i access downloaded torrents?
adding teachers on facebook?
Why is not Facebook sending me a email to conform my email address?
Question from pointers?
How do i unblock an anonymous user on ASK.FM ?
how to copy, cut, and paste?
Why after loading Java7 is security blocking me from games?
Is this hp good for gaming and is it worth it?
On Windows 8.1, using a TV for a monitor, and the icons/screen doesn't fit properly on the TV?
How long do you believe Facebook will last?
Facebook Games on Lumia??
What is the best Asus Eee Pc to get?
CAN SOMEBODY PLEASE TELL ME FULL NAME OF THIS GUITAR http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q0_4eqF2n_M?
video formats 3GP and H.263 are the same or different?
Need help regarding mIRC/IRC?
The less network speed will make the youtube upload videos become low quality?
how to save gif on laptop?
There's someone that I don't want to comment on my posts?
I have a document with multiple tabs. I want to save these tabs as pdfs.?
How do I automatically turn my webcam on for video recording at windows startup?
can you download a song from YouTube onto a laptop?
Will this graphics card work with my computer?
i am in the middle of something on my computer and it turns off and sometimes I have to go back to passwording?
Latest by Royal mail will effect ebay sellers This isnt right?
How to access internet using bsnl sim in a huawei 3g modem?
good windows xp \fix it\ boot disk?
Recently locked our internet and now no one can connect(We've tried everything)?
Can I creat a windows recovery on my tablet?
PROGRAMMING HELP?PLZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ?
How to get a two's complement (binary) of a number?
if my app have 50,000 downloads on googleplay how much they will pay me if the app is free?
Help i lost the key for my safe but know the combination! anyone who knows anything about lock picking read on?
My PC is unable to connect to the internet through ethernet or wireless!?
I have random blue square dots on my mac os x?
website urls redirect to mobile site homepage?
How do I save website as a PDF.... File>Print>Save To File does not have option for PDF?
not getting the 4.3 update for galaxy s4 at&t version.... helppp!!!?
what are your favorite computer programs?
Can i get compTIA A+ CERTIFICATE?
Most of my .exe's open in Notepad, My task manager is disabled by administrator, so is REGEDIT!?
is there a program to build a computer to see if the parts work?
How do i get all the numbers in an excel column to increase by one?
Appraise My Computer for resell?
Is cavas 4 is dual active or dual standby?
Is there a difference between a sound library and a sample library?
Utorrent says \flushing to disk (380)\?
Google Chrome not Opening in Windows 8.1?
what programming languages are used for making a forum based website?
black ink level high but printing another color instead?
How to turn off secure boot in Acer aspire 5536?
\Office Web App\ email auto forwarding after set time?
How do I print paper with 0 margins?
google chrome problem?
What is important for command prompt?
Colour depth, will this affect the file size of computer graphics?
Is this a good computer for what I need?
Image resolution, will this affect the file size of computer graphics?
Help me, My laptop's bluetooth is no working?
Is this GPU compatible with this motherboard?
Please Help Skype Login Problem!?
How to split up letters in Excel?
Is it bad to have only 180+ friends on Facebook?
how to get free intel motherboard ?
Which Book is best to learn C++. I already know all the basics of \C\ and \C++\?
Why are my d/load speeds slow but when I run speed test it's good?
How do I get rid of a suspicious e-mail that requests me to open in a PDF format?
microsoft sql or Oracle with combination of C#?
How can i buy assembled computer?
Why we can't get the full storage space in storage devices like pen-drives,flash drives,ExternalHDDs,etc.,?
How do I use the result of an if-else statement (JAVA)?
i have a hp laptop and need to replace the screen...?
Which is a better laptop?
What would happen if i have gigabit device and fastethernet devices in one switch?
Internet goes slow while my brother streams video on the computer?
modem dns changed to 5.45.75.11 & 95.211.156.101?
Which is the cheapest desktop around 12000 to 14000?
How many wats for a amd gaming rig 780?
how to change the year in excel?
Is this laptop worth the price for the hardware?
Which wifi adpater is better the pci wifi card or usb wifi card?
why do so many people hate mac?
What would the internet be like in 10 years?
What does it mean when it is shown the shipping price on ebay?
How do I print my contact list?
can i find out who has left my facebook friends?
What is your New Year resolution. there is still time?
where can i download free after effects templates !!?
Can WinZip 12 work successfully in Windows 7 Professional Environment?
Is there a way to change the ''most viewed'' thumbnails in Chrome?
Has anyone used Lifelock to protect their identity? is it a good source to use from identity thieves?
Rar files on mac help?
whats the meaning of tagged in in face book?
Looking for a Notebook style Word Processor on Windows.?
what is the message of this video?
how can an MTS MBLAZE HUWAI USB MODEM (DATA CARD) CAN BE UNLOCKED AND USED FOR OTHERS?
Can my computer run arma 3?
How can I boost up my MTS Mblaze Internet Speed?
What is google drive ?
when i login into sql*plus it shows TNS: protocol adapter error how can i login?
How to get permission to stream and monetize videos with game content in it?
self refrential structures in c language?
i need help with converting this to HTML?
what is google drive ?
will avg work on windows 8.1?
Mcafee Internet security vs avast free antivirus +Comodo Firewall?
How I can make my dad buy me Microsoft Xbox 360?
I'm having trouble finding a skin editor for 1.8.1. please help?
Program to type for me?
Which operating system do you use?
How to convert a DVD to a mp4 or avi format?
How can u choose mutual friends on facebook?
when i open my bully scholarship edition it says that i need a 32 bit display and vertex and pixel shader?
Screen Won't Fit Monitor!?
Is this a virus or not?
Look at the following javascript code and salve my problem?
Should I upgrade my internet explorer 7?
How do I install Microsoft Windows Visual Basic 2010 Express?
Should I always have my laptop plugged in at my desk or wait until I get the low power warning.?
how to split partition when changing os from linux to windows7?
i can;t reached on my facebook account?
What is a UsB port on a digicomp for?
Consider-i5 4200u,6gb ram,gforce 750m 2gb ddr5 and i5 4200m,8gb ram, 740m 2 gb ddr3.which is better?
what happens if you don't remove a video that matched third party content?
I lost my hp printer installation cd!?
What happens if I don't pay for committed product on ebay?
What is SAPNETS School Management Software?
Laptop screen dark and lots of repetitive high-pitched beeps?
which is the best laptop gpu for gaming ? Geforce gt 740m DDR3 or Geforce gt 650m GDDR5 ??
Why is there no option for 1080p on YouTube on my iphone 5s?
I have 2 facebook accounts How can i change the email of one of them?
my computer have a virus or what happened?
How can i make my program learn?
How do I turn off Java update notifications?
How to get unbanned from BingRewards?
Can I upgrade the CPU on this laptop?
Why Am I Getting Ads At The End of Email I Send?
Suggest best broadband plan?
What happen in this case of hardware?
How to increase FPS in minecraft? (PLEASE HELP)?
Does anyone know of a laptop with similar/better specs than this for the same price?
Can i put windows 8 on my computer?
i need a good software to make a customized windows 7 64 bit installation?
How to get Excel Object model when writing a UDF library using Automation Add-In for Excel?
Is there a easier way of taking the apple case off?
I Am looking for hire magento developers for my magento stores.?
My GPU isn't what it should be?
How to increase graphic card performance?
how to solve this error in jsp?
Is this why Macs are used more than Windows in the entertainment field?
can I run both windows 7 and windows using parallel desktop?
Computer won't shut down, restart, or log off?!?
iPad refuses to start up... Help?
do pc world buy computers?
Microsoft Office or Internet based e.g. Google Buzz or Google docs?
why did not play you tube on my phone?
Why does Netflix lag on my laptop?
Laptop: Mozilla Firefox or Google Chrome?
printer won't turn on?
Annoying newsletters/mailing lists?
best e-reader in India & compare performance?
I ask to you about My future?
Computer completely shuts off, no idea what it is.?
Is this laptop good to play games at decent settings?
Best screen recorder for HD uploads?
Facebook tag question?
Toshiba laptop won't start?
how to share a post from facebook page?
I can't open my administrator account in Windows 7 Ultimate?
What's the name of the adaptor [see details].?
Which is the best way to protect my laptop from intruders trying to access my files?
Is \Conduit\ malware? Why does Google and Bing have it?
Froud on my td account?
could an 8 core processor be programmed to run as 4 cores at double the speed?
i have 50000 rupees, wana buy apple iphone5s shall i buy it or not.?
How many copies of ms office can be activated with a single product key?
how to know which windows update should i download and install to improve the performance of my notebook?
blocked my all torrent websites...i am in trouble.?
What's a safe and fun messaging/chat site, that I can use to replace Facebook?
Razer Synapse 2.0 doesn't remember my settings?
programs and drivers come with the windows 7?
what is the best video codec that can work on both portable and tablet?
Which type of Processor (core2duo,i3,i7) we use in our computer Uniprocessor or Multiprocessor?
how can i delete shortcut virus from my acer 32 bit cpu with windows 7 ultimate os and pendrive?
Is there a program or website where i can design the layout of my rv?
what is the website of java emulator for mobile?
What is cisco and ccna ?
WiFi problem...connects to network...but no page gets displayed?
Help me choose a RAM?
What is a good video card for gaming which costs around $70?
how to slove this error? and where is error is accored?
What is this? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PWdVxggSUUQ?
Facebook degrades quality of a png image?
What is the equivalent software to OneNote of MS Office.?
How can i upload aphoto/song on the internet?
What file type does a cookie have?
How do I reset my itunes password Ive forgotten the old one?
I just bought a MacBook Pro 15\ with retina display will it run Call Of Duty?
How to Save folder icon settings in a pen drive?
Best Free Updated Java Android game tutorial?
why in programming we need to put void main etc?is there any book or website for knowing these basic concepts?
Is there any other websites like meetme?
Why is my DVD Drive so loud?
Facebook unable to remove me from admin?
DeepWeb and OnionChan?
Ideas for youtube videos?
Can I get a detailed list of all the voices in my keyboard?
how to fix bluestacks error msg ?
How to get my laptop to upload big files without any interruption from hibernation or sleep mode?
4th generation i5 1.6GHZ vs 3rd generation i5 2.5GHZ , which is fast?
Is it better to buy or assemble a computer?
Can this be a sign ofpregnancy?
When i play gaana.com error unable network settng striming ..while youtube not error?
When i play gaana.com error unable network settng striming ..while youtube not error?
I want to make a advice blog but how?
how to fix my samsung galaxy y it just restart and shows a samsung over and over again please help me now tnks?
How do I make windows recognize two keyboard separately?
You receive a \The User Profile Service failed the logon” error message?
Where can I find microsoft office on the internet?
Would you ever consider paying a person for on-site computer repair if your PC had problems?
How to place rel=\nofollow\ attribute for external links dynamically?
How to convert a video so it has constant audio levels throughout?
How do I create I tagged posts page on tumblr?
How do I photoshop an image onto a can?
Differnce berween rewritable CD and blank CD?
How do I remove captions and paint from saved Snapchat photos? Is it even possible?
How can I put a software in my samsung tablet?
my cpu hit at 63 degree celsius? what to do?
images do not open up in images results?
Why won't my volume work on my HP tablet ?
Problem using iteration?
I have a 3 month old Samsung Galaxy Tab 3, I am upset with the performance of it and i Wanna exchange it?
My name is shiv, im completed msc comp in 2003. Which course is preferable to learn and cover my experience?
Is there some site where the download speed of all file is higher than other sites with IDM ?
Help please, a cat literally pissed on my Dell t3400 .!?
Is putting your laptop on the bed dangerous?
Problem with one site when online?
Uploading A 1080p Video To Youtube?
what makes difference between a router and a modem?
Is there some site where the download speed is higher with IDM?
how chek my modem username and password?
From where i can download c++ projecta without graphics ?
Email and Instagram username ideas?
simple lottery using vb.net?
Flipkart dilevery is not avalable in my town?
Need help with the audio on my computer.?
Are there any good recent motivational/inspirational YouTube videos?
is this enough for gaming?
How do i complete a cell phone survey for downloads without paying money?
the adds keep popping up on almost every website I visit?
How do I get more subscribers on my YouTube channel?
how to i get wifi password in cmd prompt?
Can i be able to search a student number while i do have bt i lost it?
Help! My laptop's stopped working!?
How do I use my Samsung phone as a PC speaker?
my compter keeps freezing or stalling when searching the web any clues please?
Help! I was trying to restore my bootable usb drive to normal, and now Windows doesnt recognizes it!?
Write a program to print all the multiplication tables from 11 to 20 up to first 10 multiples of each?
I am using a hp laptop,how can I turn on my wifi because it's suddenly turned off.thanks?
Tata Photon Max Wi- Fi dongle - QUATION?
I am VBA expert. Do I need to learn VB.Net before learning ASP.NET OR Can I learn ASP.NET directly?
how to make facebook private?
Top windows surface apps?
what do I do if my tabletgetd a virus?
how do i get Terasology without downloading it please i need to know..thank you for your time?
Which Processor Should I Buy? AMD FX-8350 or Intel Core i7 4770k?
What would be a good processor for my gtx 560 graphics card?
how can i see what my facebook page looks like to others?
What is product activation for ms office 2013?
can i animate gif with photoshop cs6 standard?
How to Convert OST to PST File?
how can i use Bluetooth service on my laptop?
Why My Microsoft Office 2013 suddenly unlicensed itself?
seller wants my email address on DHgate?
Site for hooking up while traveling?
YouTube Subscribtions?
assembly program that allow user to add sub multiply divide eight bit num?
What Graphics Card should I use with a Gigabyte H61M-DS2 (rev. 2.2) motherboard? Please Look for more details.?
how to stop someone access your computer in a same network using ip address?
Do I still need the mac partition after successfully I install windows 7 on my iMac?
How to find a product key in Dell inspiron laptop?
How to install adobe flash player to my ipad3 please?
How can i use wifi hotspot service on my desktop.?
Why does it takes so much time to open any app in VPS?
Question about office 2010 and office 2013?
My scroll bar wont allow me to scroll down in explorer but is fine everywhere else, why is this?
Monitor Stand in the Philippines?
How to change my password?
My laptop will only boot in safe mode, Please help!!?
An App For Downloading News Offline?
why do we call software development as an engineering work?
wifi omni antenna and accessories?
How can i stop Masterbrate?
Did something to my aztech homeplug and now I can't have LAN connection?
Has anybody used the app Google Wallet? Is it reliable? Would anybody recommend it?
What is TOR and how do you get it?
is there a trick to finding out the contents of...?
Can't stream netflix on 3G?
My centurylink router wont let any devices connect?
YouTube question answer fast!!?
How to get previous cell value in datagridview in c#?
Gpu for around 4000 rupees...?
Laptop cannot boot up?
is it immoral to throw diarrhea on a homeless man to make a youtube video?
how to block add as friend on facebook?
what is meant by \interactive service detection\?
how to factory reset of my Belkin router N150 F7D1301zb Basic Wireless Router?
Is there any chance of recovering overwritten files?
What is the point of Rick Rolling?
what does ^^ mean in emotions?
your security settings have blocked an untrusted application from running?
your security settings have blocked a self-signed application from running?
Can I convert DVD title to MKV file without compression?
Problems with a synaptics touchpad?
Pirate Bay Search virus possibly?
I cant hear anything through my laptops speakers, but i can hear through earphones?
i have igb ram celeron processor 2.26ghz which antivirus can support this cong?
How to start developing a new Software ?
how i protect my windows xp without antivirus from exe when conect to internet or another time?
How do I update my samsung apps?
How do I update my samsung apps?
How long will the reviewing of the monetization take on youtube?
Twitter vs. Tumblr vs. Flickr. What's the difference in function?
Building a gaming pc? Need any builders opinions?
i want to add members from one existing group to the other group!?
Can i use iMac as an external display for my PC?
My BIOS won't update, any help?
How do I get rid of Google Calendar notifications?
Hi guys anyone with advice on laptops?
Will AMD Mantle have support for A8 4500M?
Any one can help me get the audio from my favourite videos?
can you recover the wifi password from this for me/?
I need to cancel mood detector from my facebook account?
Is shared and integrated graphics card the same?
Computer stops all playback and repeats few seconds over and over?
what is best video editor for youtube for cutting joining and voice removal only?
Is DVI-D AND DVI THE SAME?? 5 STARS?
MTNL Delhi - Data Card?
how much to fix a broke screen on a toshiba laptop?
What is the importance of Backup [Windows 7]?
Is Godaddy Good For Making Anime Fansub Site?
Softwares a planner in aerospace industry should know?
Is this laptop enough for gaming ?
Was there user-created videos on the internet before YouTube? (P.s.: I don't mean flash animation)?
Will an msi r9 270 graphics card fit in this case?
how much to fix a broke screen on q toshiba laptop?
Is Avast free antivirus 2014 better then windows defender or norton? And does it have a firewall with it?
Galaxy tab 3 Connection problems?
sir i hav a hp g42 notebook laptop but some problm ..flickering _ this type symbol not open windos what i do?
how do i unreport my account on instagram?
Apps aren't appearing on my iPhone!?
Prebuilt computer for under 450 pounds?
Unwanted links showing up in tumblr posts?
Is Avast antivirus 2014 free version the best free antivirus out there? And does it have a firewall with it?
How did you learn to type?
Where can I find the \I've got that goin for me which is nice\ meme?
Can Capacitors be reused?
What are some good resources for link building?
Temperature of my cpu is 54-62. Is it normal ?
how much is it to fix a broke screen on a pc?
HTML / Javascript problem..?
Can anyone tell me how fast is my PC?
How do I copy and paste music on iTunes?
I added more ram so now I have 2.5, my computer will freeze on different programs for no reason. why?
Can getting someone's IP address be illegal?
Please help,its urgent..I accidentally deleted my conversation with my friend in facebok.how can I recover it?
i want to attend webinars?
Am I worrying to much about my laptop?
How can i learn to make my own linux distro?
if we connect a smartphone with activated 3G sim as modem(usb tethering)to desktop ,shall we get 3G speed net?
What should I with web programming now?
My apple ID is messed up, help?
i cant login in my royale business club account?
How do I get 3d on my monitor (BenQ XL2420TE)?
How can I get rid of spending much time surfing on the internet?
Hadoop query question?
Can I use my DSL modem+router as wifi router?
Brightness Control Not Working On Win 8.1?
Connecting TV to PC for recording/streaming gameplay?
how to clean clipboard in samsunggalaxy tab 7?
Why in the world would you have a plasma screen on a laptop?
I'm hearing my headphones (Razer Kraken 7.1) louder on my left ear than on my right. PLEASE HELP!?
Is it OK to set your number of processors to maximum in BOOT advance options in msconfig?
largest connection of a wifi?
largest connection and range of a wifi?
Which Apple Mac computer do I need for Iphone app development?
Is there any way to lookup with women in my area that is totally free?
My computer help understand it better?
All video playback on my computer is choppy now, what should I do?
my opensuse linux 12.1 version in kde desktop but not vpn connect this support files i dont know pls help me?
This program has been blocked for your protection?
My laptop is detecting every Router except my roomates. However, other devices are detecting it. What do i do?
What can i buy with 200$?
How can I get the avery template for business cards on microsoft word on a mac book pro?
how to get followers on instagram?
Laptop starts up to only grey screen?
Do The New MacBook Air's Have Better Cooling - By John Phanchalad?
How do i fix Header in my Website ?
Is it okay to do this?
i want to ask about anroid apps on pc?
How to add black borders to notebook screen?
Microsoft product key and reinstalling?
Toshiba Excite or Lenovo S6000L?
how to download the picture on my computer?
@*@*@* PUNJABI: Please Translate?
cant find downloaded file?
Can my ISP find out if I use a proxy of some sort?
i keep having to change my password?
Can my browsing history be seen if I'm using tor?
How can I make it so people can't see this timeline post?
Is Binary Option online trading, doing in 2014 in INDIA is LEGAL?
Is Binary Option online trading, doing in 2014 in INDIA is LEGAL?
Question about popular youtube videos?
Mouse icon has disappeared after installing windows8.1 - help please?
8gb ram but bios and windows only shows 4gb?
Do you think Ethical Hackers makes more money than Programmers?
What's your name and facebook ID? I have alot of questions to ask about PHP. You have great knowledge??
How to scale an image on GIMP?
Question about Windows 7?
Have any of you ever tried to use followerplusone.com for buying twitter followers?
Office XP update issue on Win7 systems?
What programming language is used to make a test for school?
What does this mean on facebook?
How much ram asus p5p41t le supports?
what if I clicked on a link on facebook that turned out to be a virus?
What is the most funniest video on youtube?
I need some good 2010 or newer pc models?
Windows XP wont shut down?
Core 2Duo Processor 2.9 Ghz ,8Gb Ram ,ATI Radeon 4550 1Gb can i be able to play GTA 5?
can we install Chrome os on our laptop Hdd?
How to activate iPad?
my video card is out of date?
Best PC Build for $400 AUSD?
Laptop is not responding to charger after hibernation on weak battery?
Why are my FRAPS recording in such low quality?
Which processor better AMD E1-1500 or Intel Core i7 4930K?
Web Designers Please Help?
is there a way to boost my laptop's cpu? i use it for gaming and i want to boost the cpu performance.?
where do i send my tablet to be fixed?
Scammed from skype....sigh?
tutorials for computer!?
how do I change Facebook password on droid razor?
why does my right earbud always stop working..?
What does Ram means while getting a vps?
Can you have a key made just by showing someone pictures of the sides and top of the key?
code blocks c++ program to tourbo c++ program?
How to delete corrupted files on Windows 8?
How to configure mouse buttons?
When reporting a photo on Facebook...?
after not paying my internet pepaid bill a large amount was bill after more than a year which made me dificult?
Who is providing best Software Production Services?
plzz help, where i can get driver for (Satellite L750-I5010)?
How can i grow my youtube channel?
What's wrong with YouTube?
Difference between cpu heatsink and fans?
are there facebook hacks or something?
Does dell inspiron 1545 supports 1tb hard disk?
Why can't I play Youtube videos?
Windows 7 computer keeps updating itself over and over?
Some questions about Strawberry Pi?
What is a great, free and easy movie-making program for windows?
Windows 8 how to bypass login screen?
Help with Synology NAS Server setup.?
Amazon trade-in question?
high speed internet services?
Why isnt soundcloud working on my computer?
How do people learn how to hack?
Do you know anyone who is earning money from blogspot blogs?
Skype internet data usage?
Sony vaio laptop help!?
Can my parents see my history via openDNS?
my download helper will not download the video from you tube ? it circles quick, then stops,help me?
how do I change my magic jack number?
Graphics Card for PCI Express x1 slot?
When I uncheck PRINTER OFFLINE, it goes back to saying PRINTER OFFLINE again? What do I do?
is the web page created on html 4.01 work properly on web?
Canon MX410 Printer offline, but wifi is on?
tried everything to fix security settings not working since dowloading latest Java. Nothing works.So confused?
how do i turn on spellcheck?
What kind of data can a family of 5 use since 20GB isn't enough?
what would be the consequences of hacking into a celebrity twitter account?
Whenever i follow someone on twitter, my homescreen becomes flooded with their posts only. Why?
AT2050 Sale Under 200?
I can't install anything on my laptop?
Question about intel 5th gen processor.(Gaming)?
AlienWare not performing as well as before?
How do I use the random function in Java without having it repeat?
Will this computer rig run games like battlefield 3 etc... On medium to high settings with high GPS?
i create a facebook account and yahoo mail. why i did not verify my facebook. what would i do?
Where can I get the best discount price to subscribe to uploaded.net?
Why is Flash reducing youtube quality on Chrome?
I can't install anything on my laptop?
Need help with my photography website?
Problems with Kindle fire?
about cooler fan on cabinet and working internet only on pc?
For a small home office, is a color laser printer worth the purchase?
How can I legally download Microsoft 7 and how much will it cost?
samsung cable with usb entrance.?
Norton System Scan Error?
3DS Max selection tools...?
Adobe Premiere Pro Importing?
who have read sixth and seventh book of moses?
(Help!) I want to start a PC Gaming Youtube Channel!?
Logitech G400s vs G500s... What to get?
Why did facebook take off the \mobile\ saying?
Contacting Google via email?
There is a new game on facebook called Ninja ZET im wondering if you buy a weapon does it increase any stats?
Gujarat in I.T. Invention?
How to move my Iphone stuff to my Galaxy S3?
Microsoft Surface 2 tablet vs iPad Air?
Can I see a list of all people he's ever been friends with on facebook?
getting caught downloading?
HOW CAN I UN-SEND AN E-MAIL???
How to tell if he deleted me off facebook?
How do I recover my Microsoft Office licence?
what's the future for the internet? where might the internet be in about 2 centuries from now?
How to recover registry files??? help?
getting security blocked getting in to yahoo games..?
I keep getting certificate errors on safe sites like Yahoo Mail.?
what is open source os?
Whats better than Verizon internet?
what's the most popular messenger today?
Dell IDE drive issue?
Need help with determining worst case time complexity?
Does anyone know the name of this video?
how to shrink C drive in Windows 8.1 so that I can create a new partition, say D drive without data loss?
A few questions about Skype?
my computer is not connecting to my wifi?
Hacking a computer password?
Can my windows xp laptop update to windows 8?
What Boolean operation does this circuit compute?
Invisible ip tracker?
Why is my sister's info linked to my phone?
Will Intel HD Graphics 4000 run L4D2 smoothly?
List the core components of an internet infrastructure and describe its functions?
Macbook equivlant to windows 8?
Define I/O and identify some of the elements needed in C++ that would use input or create output.?
Is it OK to receive both DSL and Wi-Fi on signals on Desktop?
Where can I stream The Wolf of Wall Street online?
If I watch a video that is Available for download at 350mb is that how much data I will use watching it?
cant play videos on youtube because of adobe flash player???
where can i find google safe search on my cell? PLEASE HELP!?
Can't download a Web Browser?
Can somebody help me find out what's on this girls Facebook profile.A male would be nice?
How much does it cost to upgrade a computer?
Just curious: Does BIOS preinstalled with OS (Windows XP/ 7/ 8) nowadays?
Which is best RGB,DVI-I or HDMI?
If you make a blog on blogger, do people get access to your Google+ information?
Mac Book Pro Vs W540?
Declare an integer array odds with 10 elements. Use a for loop initialize the elements in the array to odd...?
a laptop would conect on ay crt screen?
Do you have to get certified in a programming language?
I deleted someone from facebook can she still message me on facebook?
Question about Airport Time Capsule?
Snapchat s07yates let's see what happens!!?
Windows 8.1 typing skipping/lagging/freezing?
is surveysavvy.com a scam?
Should I make a Microsoft Account?
Can my laptop be fixed?
Does 'Silent Mode' really silence your laptop? And is it harmful to your laptop?
The ring wallpaper set?
How do I bypass my schools internet security?
If I 'like' something on facebook, will people know in their news feed?
Can the cops monitor ur phone/computer because of porn sites?
How to prevent automatic volume decrease in windows 7?
Computer Programming Visual Basic Homework?
What's the best antivirus for PC for free?
I need to restart my computer, but i can't...?
If I delete a Facebook conversation, would the other person still be able to see the conversation?
How do I open documents on my Mac instead of downloading?
can u help me change my password from my facebook?
i need a few followers on tumblr, how do i get them?
how can a person see your likes on facebook?
Can I keep my page private until I'm finished designing it?
FACEBOOK:Would it be creepy to like a newly posted picture of the girl that rejected you?
Where to start with networking?
How to remove stuff on microsoft security essentials?
ASUS LAPTOP HELP PLEASSSEEEE?
www.who owns facebook.com?
Computer randomly shutting down?
Computer randomly shutting down?
Need YouTube Intro. Willing to pay $10?
I want to start a YouTube channel ?....?
3.0 USB card? for my Vaio?
Facebook keeps crashing on jail broken iPhone 5 c?
What's the difference between Google Play and Play Store?
In Word processor, how do I put the number and bullet settings back to default?
Youtube subscriptions feed is only showing 30 videos?
How to remove a trojan virus?
How to Jailbreak an iPad mini running on iOS 7.0.4?
Can you get by in a networking career without being a people person?
is there any paint programs for ipad like windows paint?
Windows 8 help? Start screen and Desktop trouble?
Crush added me on facebook...one mutual friend?
How do I turbo boost my laptop?
Can people see that you played games on facebook?
My gaming PC specs: will it all work together?
how can i hack my 3ds with only an sd?
how do I require asking me where to detach a file to rather than all going to dowloads?
How do I take songs of my iphone?
Will this be a good laptop for gaming?
how to post movie clips on instagram?
How do I merge tracks in Audacity?
what program do people use to make CGI Graphics for movies and still pictures apart from photoshop?
only if you have a Facebook?
Why is how i met your mother in trouble but?
How to remove social color changer on your Facebook I use a mac.?
Why can I go up to 24 hours on my subscription list in Youtube anymore?
Did the AMD R9 290 get a price increase?
YouTube videos repeat when maximized?
boolean laws help!!!!!!?
How do I fix Microsoft Word on Windows 7?
Why wont gimp open on my computer?
I want to get a tablet for school, w/ wifi cap. but I'm on a budget of $300?
I added someone on facebook a long time ago but they just accepted my request. how would I be able to prove th?
What is the most random or TMI post you have ever read on facebook?
does anyone know where I can buy bulk cheap usb flash drives?
Is there a way to integrate cPanel login to the Joomla login?
Is this app any good?
Tumblr reblogging to another page?
Weird virus on my comuter?
What is a good inexpensive laptop for gaming?
If PewDiePie has 20m subscribers why do his vids only have 3m-6m views?
What is usually harder, computer hardware or software engineering?
Can you help me get to Sytem Restore in XP?
Deleting photos from windows 8?
How to find out the name of a person through their app number?
my macbook pro has no sound?
Does anybody know what this video is called on youtube?
Batch file command to spam open a program?
windows 8 laptop white screen?
When uploading photos to facebook they only load into a square box and do not show the full photo?
Wifi issues after a power outage?
how do people on instagram post videos?
What do you think of my Music: http://youtu.be/OIqx2K_BoiY?
Why is \plugins\ grayed out in Paint Shop Pro?
wired modem and wireless router in separate rooms?
Which Macbook should I get?
Pc ram, power and setup help?
Is a touch screen on a laptop worth it?
my wifi works on everything but my laptop?
Is it normal for IPS displays to do this?
My Icons Are To Big When I Dial In To My Computer?
I need help building a gaming computer with 500$?
Do external antennas make a big difference with wireless routers?
If I don't log out of Facebook, will it still say I'm active?
How to transfer a SUM column from one excel sheet to another sheet without getting #REF error message?
What Would it Be like if Apple bought Google?
I have a HTML Frames problem..?
when i go to game room in get this https://yog8.games.sp2.yahoo.com i already tried everything on the settings?
can someone help get me this password?
How can I get source code (in C++) to play powerball, megamilions?
Need a YouTube Intro?!?
Are guest posts usefull?
Computer Blue Screens at start up!?
I am looking for a program that will create a map for me?
Relaunch google chrome on desktop button not showing?
Is it okay to use my laptop while charging? What are the ways to keep my battery life longer?
Can my laptop just recognize my headphones by default?
what is hardware help me please?
How to make money using Android apps?
I have to restart my pc to download windows 8.1 will this get rid of my downloads???
Does open DNS record URL history?
I need help with this Java program!?
My android Bauhn tablet keeps overheating and freezing?
How to get around Animeboy.org viewing limit?
Anonymous mail services after Tor mail?
How to execute batch files in HTML sites?
How to reset views in Youtube?
Google Chrome White Screen of Death?
help with java programming?
How to move Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, Publisher, etc.) to a new computer?
Why ones my computer have this folder?
How to move Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, Publisher, etc.) to a new computer?
Changed twitter username, old one still shows up in google?
How do I access the deep web?
How do I make a game in Flash?
Cryptolocker installed on my computer what should i do?
Speckled screen, what do I do?
if/else statement not working [JAVASCRIPT]?
My computer randomly crashes?
What numbers are the different windows?
did google chrome remove window 8 mode?
I am unable to leave comment on youtube vedeo clip. What happened. Is google stopping it? Nothing happens?
Poll: Do YOU think people will still use facebook in 10 years from now?
Can I keep my gmail if I delete my google+ account?
Windows. 8 app problem?
How do you install a EIO hard disk?
when i go to reset my password No MATTER what I put in there it says its too weak...?
What causes buffering while watching a show or movie on a site like Netflix?
laptop blue screen of death....?
So i am going to upgrade my pc, new mobo, video card, ram and cpu but how do I know that they are all ...?
I just downloaded a file with windows 8 and saved it to the desktop. Help me start the installation?
Can I turn my new computer into a gaming pc?
Using geek squad to check everything your kids do?
Question for Windows 7 start menu experts?
Battery Bad? or Bad Software?
Is my computer good for gaming?
data recovery program?
Facebook and google chrome?
how to turn my hp printer off the single cartridge mode?
How much fps would I lose if I switched monitors.?
does anyone know where to buy a Twinn RS 6500 battery?
Skullcandy Lowrider Headset with Mic on PC?
what is a usb flash drive?
If you don't pay for Office 365 will you lose Word, Powerpoint, Excel, etc...?
Why can't I scroll down on Tumblr?
Why isn't twitter letting me type my password to log in?
I accidently deleted my printer from my laptop now when i plug my printer to my laptop it wont recognize it.?
how do I find a Facebook profile?
Why cant people see my replies on Youtube?????
all my Microsoft programs have suddenly stopped working?
My keyboard is breaking?
Is there a way to download windows 7 login screen on windows 8?
What is a good gaming computer that I can run DayZ Standalone on, and isn't OP?
Windows 7 computer won't start up?
How can I fix a profile virus?
How can you watch a Youtube video without it counting as a view?
My HP Pavilion says \Boot device not found\ (3F0)?
Can I do something to repair/fix my 10 years old LCD monitor or do I just need a new monitor?
How do I install Windows 7?
What salary could I expect with a Security+ certification?
How to create html bullet points with arrow sub bullet points?
Is the Acer Aspire E1-570 a good laptop for gaming?
how do i enter the matrix?
If you post a picture on facebook and it is blocked from certain people by custom settings what happens if...?
why doesn't my \like\ on comments in FB work and other times it does?
Find following Tuesday in Excel?
Laptop LCD screen hinger COMPLETLY loose?
Google Chrome Icon won't open on desktop? how to fix?
Shouldn't LOOKUP function work past 256 roles in Excel?
IS THIS GAMING PC BUILD COMPATIBLE?
Is hp envy 700 a computer that is good enough for sims 3 and wow?
how does web designer know what visitors have done?
How can I make Rust faster on Mac?
Who's on sykpe pls okay...............?
whas the best music making software free?
VLAN visibility through router?
Should I make a youtube channel?
Anyway to stop Facebook from saying I liked somes pic in my friends newsfeed?
My asus won't let me get on the internet?
Is there anyway to disconnect Google+ from your YouTube account?
Macro to select 100 cells at a time, then the next 100, etc.?
What brand has Red letter a. Icon?
Where can I find and buy this kind of router...?
Will my insurance replace my netbook with a laptop?
How to get Virus off/fix computer?
Why is my WiFi signal so weak with my Desktop?
How can I convince my boyfriend for us to give facebook another chance?
please help! Toshiba laptop problems!?
when you post a question with a youtube video link - does the person see a text link or a youtube video box?
What kind of upgrades can you recommend?
AMD FX-9370 Vishera 4.4GHz Socket AM3+ 220W Eight-Core Desktop Processor or intel core i7-4770k for gaming pc?
How can i make a word processor on Visual basic without coding??
i deleted my inbuilt mic how do i get it back windows 8?
How hard is it to learn excel for an office job?
Does windows 7 full version upgrade windows xp?
Youtube videos not showing up on my channel?
Will my insurance replace my netbook with a laptop?
How did Apple make this icon animation?
Computer wizz please help me understand what exactly a megabit is?
please tell me how to maek text men? in html ..>?
Sound problems on apps!?
how big is the ipad mini?
I tried to give my HP Pavilion a factory reset but accidently turned it off during the process!?
How will the 765M GPU perform on the more demanding titles?
Is $600 a good deal on a 2012 MacBook Air?
Why does youtube not work?
why does yahoo prevent me from playing games and states that there is a security problem?
How to change your avatar pic on tumblr?
Can I change my Graphics Card for my Laptop?
Is hacking your Sony Reader PRS-T1 dangerous?
Do you need adobe illustrator if you already own photoshop?
I need a website that can build a computer with my custom specs and can ship to the U.S.?
Do you like the Shaytards?
Desktop Computer Running Very Slow. Please Help!?
How do I contact Microsoft about a scam?
How do you remove windows xp?
Graphics card Messed up?
Brocken Mac Question!?
How can I re-enable my picture password for my Windows 8 Administrator account?
HTML/CSS table problems?
What do the various properties do in Microsoft Word 2010 for text boxes when in Developer mode?
I want to buy a Laptop! What do you suggest?
Drop down box won't let me scroll through the list?
New motherboard and CPU or just new gpu?
Instagram question help?
is there any way to take back a wrong rate on a question?
Is a Refurbished tablet safe to buy?
Are Chromebooks good?
How to assign special characters to keyboard on mac?
My Dell Inspiron N5050 touchpad has stopped working all of a sudden... How do I make it work again?
Audio to midi software? Audacity?
is this a good computer?
Can anyone give me some specs for a cheap >$750 minecraft server build?
Should I buy a pc with Intel® Core™ i5 3.1GHz or AMD FX-4300 3.8GHz QUAD thats 70 euros cheaper?
Is the GT Geforce GT 630m on board graphics?
Chromebook Linux, Incomplete download?
Windows 7 keeps freezing up?
Why does my Win7 computer say You may be a victim of software counterfeit?
I restarted my computer and now all the icons, the main screen, and everything else is sized wrong...?
chrome password saving?
Password and sign in?
What is a good RAM to put in to my Acer Aspire 7741 that is not too expensive?
can securit on yahoo fix this typing problem? virus irn drive?
Windows 7 64-bit Computer Chaching 5GB+ Of 8GB RAM Over Time?
Are these good temperatures for my laptop?
What Youtube Channel Name Should I Choose?
What do you think of this pc fror gaming ?
Are there any truly free online people search websites?
What is comparable to the Ultra-Overclocked AMD Radeon HD 7770?
Should i get 8 gb of ram for it, or 8 is a waste of money and only 4gb are enough considering its specs?
Connecting my pc to tv or monitor?
What is .doc called when trying to save a document?
What is wrong with my laptop?
A good SITE to chat with any random person?
Internet Randomly and Regularly Disconnects?
What websites are 100%?
Why does OOP make little sense to me?
suggest me computer for restaurant order placing and billing!!!?
Which Grahpic card is can fits in HP Pavilion p7-1423w?
Just set my asus laptop back to factory what programs do you recommend I download?
Open program file on a mac?
Why won't Microsoft Office 365 open?
Broadband dropping when connecting laptop?
Good Laptop Recommendation?
how much should i spend on a laptop?
Is this a good Gaming Desktop PC Build?
Why won't Flash Player work?
Windows stuck on hibernating blue screen?
Will Chrome OS/Chromium OS become more mainstream in the future?
What is the point of twitter?
Windows 8 admin account?
Can anyone give me some specs for a cheap >$750 minecraft server build?
Come scarico scribblenauts unmasked su un pc Hp con Windows 7?
how do u a get recovery tool?
Is NVidia GeForce GT 630 video card better than Nvidia Geforce GTX 260?
Does kikstarter cost money to start a project?
Can my pc support a Geforce GTX 650 Ti?
Cancelled Facebook Friend Request?
can I Sli a gtx 660 toi with a gtx 660?
How do i stop my phone from pausing YouTube when i shut the screen off?
How to install Windows 8.1 disk without a disk drive?
How do I get rid of hao123?
Where can I find a new screen for my Toshiba Laptop?
Laptop Reformating Prob?
what disk to download an torrented operating system on to?
Which is better gainward nvidia gt 610 or zotac nvidia gt 610?
is it easy to hack into a wi-fi single?
no signal when I connect hdmi cable with nexus 7.?
Google Chrome Help Please?
Which computer science course should I take?
Does a VPN protect against router tracking?
How come Verizon Fios internet is laggy when more then one device is using the internet?
Cheap gaming pc's on Ebay?
android reset and photos!?
where did my account go?
Netgear modem wont connect through wifi?
MacBook Pro OS X LION ... Do I need OS X MAVRICKS ?
Is this a good laptop?
one windows excell spreadsheep, what is formula for adding up ten lowest cell numbers out of 20 in a ro?
somebody stole my gmail password?
How to change the battery in a macbook pro retina?
somebody stole my gmail password?
Can Anyone Help Me Fix iAtkos Errors!!!!?
PC vs PS4??????????????????
What software can i use to record PC screen?
how do I change 32 bit software to 64 bit softwear?
How would I make a python program for rock,paper,scissors?
My canon MP495 works for printing but not for scanning.?
Windows 8.1 question?
How can i delete my google plus account without deleting my whole google account?
Help me find a Laptop?
How to stop rceiving emails from facebook?
asus k55vd vs sony vaio vgn-fw140e which wins the battle?
Best free video editing and voice recording software?
How can the same file take up different amounts of memory on two different flash drives?
other than Google play, is there any other way i can download the Redbox android app ?
How is this Toshiba Laptop ? Are there hardrives good? Do they crash often ?
Making a youtube channel?
How do i remove search conduit from my new laptop?
Best Micro-ATX Gaming Motherboard?
Beginner C++ (input/output)!?
get into windows xp without password away from server?
Can I transfer all my laptop parts onto a new mother board and into a desktop case?
What Adobe programs do i need for good video editing?
I need a working quality Index.dat file viewer?
What is a short video clip on a loop? How to? Best answer gets points?
Windows Media Player isn't playing my songs...?
Is a USB network adapter reliable ?
Satellite internet TV vs internet channels application ?
What does the VGA button on my Sager laptop do?
Is Linux supported by Yahoo?
Gaming laptops: Any recommendations?
Tumblr Narnia by blink and its over theme?
What to do when my mouse is doing weird like flickering and not responding on my movements (since download)?
How can I send a private message to someone on facebook?
HOW TO CONNECT MY WIFI ENABLE MOBILE TO CABLE INTERNET ENABLE DESKTOP, OVER WIFI? I DNT HAV WIFI IN MY DESKTOP?
My excel won't use Alrt+Enter for line break. What do I do?
My laptop keeps freezing. HELP?
IP adresses and fraud?
Can I update to OS X Mavericks?
Why was I sent an email from LinkedIn asking if I knew this person?
Why is my computer sound scratchy? How can I fix it?
How can i bypass this survey?
Steam stops responding when I click on things in my Library.?
i brought a new laptop what should i do with my old laptop?
Please help with this gaming problem ?
Poor Internet Connection, why?
my kodak printer esp 3.2 will copy document but wont print HELP!!!?
What is ip address? Any idea to change ip?
As a very broad estimate, what do you reckon the size of the internet is, in TB (or maybe the next largest)?
Corsair Vengance CMZ4GX3M1A1600C9 running at 1333Mhz not 1600Mhz?
What is the best source to update the drivers for Windows Vista?
Sending pdf with password protection?
USB memory stick not working?
What are some games on Google Play Store that do not require an Internet connection?
How to customise wordpress.com header?
How to I prevent Excel from auto hyperlinking email addresses?
Is my computer good for gaming?
How to create FAcebook account? tell me plsssss?
Poll: why do guys deactiviate their facebook accounts?
How do I disable Google Account Chooser for Gmail?
i can not install my blutooth driver?
What wire do i need to connect my Laptop to my tv?
what is the best torrent websites i can access in the uk at the moment?
Why does Yahoo hearts not work any longer - says the Java is unsigned or out of date?
Plz help me cuz' I really need it!?
What does this Dropbox feature mean?
How to increase facebook likes?
How to use custom cars in race on GTA5 online?
What's the difference between Windows RT 8.1 and Windows 8.1?
Which laptop would fit my needs?
Alienware X51 or Dell Inspiron 15?
How can i use more than 2 usb ports for my Xbox360?
Where do I program with javascript?
Photoshop stuck logging in?? PLEASE HELP! URGENT!?
is there any best deleted photo recovery software..?
how can i get linux dedicated server?
How to use Tor to log into eBay?
can i update my microsoft word powerpoint of 2007 to 2013 at the cost of 0 rupees?
What The Real Deal About Computer Cookies?
What AMD card has 6 mini display ports?
I'm using someone's wifi, can they search my history?
Batch file to change MAC address and ip in windows 8?
Does Microsoft office home and student edition 2010 work on Windows 8?
I need a good cheap microphone to record with?
Plagirism galore on internet and nothing worse than theft.?
My computer says \Missing Operating System\?
The computer in my class keep uninstalling new software whenever it restart.?
what softwares like GlovePIE are there to convert joystick/gamepad to midi supporting 4 gamepads?
Why did I get this warning when I turned on my computer...?
How to prepare for 2nd level international informatics olympiad?
How to install software from 3 iso files?
I want to buy a youtube channel help?
Why do Girls put their pics PUBLICLY on facebook? Misuse can be done.. Or for attention..?
Computer has virus and wont go in safe mode?
Is there will some problem in this type of mobo for bulding a rig?
Does the memory mean the same across devices?
Which are the Best Big Data Analytics Tools?
Why does my finder not sort by alphabetical order?
what does it mean if my laptop is shutting off even when its plugged in the charger?
my security settings are blocking yog8_applett from me being able to play euchre?
is it possible to use a 12vac 830ma class 2 power supply in a 12v 1.0a device?
How can I download Dev C++ for free?
indesign cs5 printing to pdf .ai logos wont show up?
How to find row number of text value in excel?
Need help with topping up?
How to find row number of text value in excel?
Does this videocard work on my PC?
application blocked by security settings?
Should i buy an Asus Vivobook S200E?
graphics card memory 2vs4 gb?
Argumentive speech about how Google is good. (10 POINTS)?
My Gioteck EX-05 Headset Mic not working??????
How can i add all buttons to my facebook page including Message?
Buying a laptop would you prefer 1 GB of memory with 64 GB of storage , or 2GB memory 32 GB of storage?
Help me Find the best graphics card for my PC?
Why doesnt my computer turn on?
My touchpad doesn't work (Windows 8)?
i got hit by a police country watch/ fbi / icspa moneypak scam virus. How do i get rid of it?
Who can help mo download a document from coursehero?
which graphics card is better? radon r7 260x vs gtx 650to?
erase all info on a hard disk macbook pro?
Configured switch not passing along network connectivity?
i am in search of a website which contains php tutorials in urdu language and both in english language. is the?
is there a way to see a wifi password on a windows 7 computer without admin?
I have a New Kingston 64gb Pendrive but it wont work.I tried to get a refund.but its store policy that No Refu?
Daughters Tablet seems to have cracks on the inside?
I've got a facebook question?
where can I buy wholesale computer parts?
Why cant i comment on youtube?
If my BD disc is re-writable does that mean i can re-write is as many times as i want?
i have a macbook pro and playing on game says application blocked by security setting why is that?
i started youtube in 2012 i have over 19,000 subscribers is this good or bad?
my computer has 2x4Gb ram cards but its only showing them as 2Gb card how do i fix this?
Trouble exporting flash movie?
? Range of wi-fi reveivers?
How much would it take to create a website like Pornhub.com?
Can't access Hearts, Backgammon, etc.. Says I need to \Enable JavaScript in my browser\.?
Is my home wifi network slowed down by internet speeds?
Excel Move row automatically?
My tab says no enough space? Please help me with this?
best number for comcast install?
How Can I Make A Software?
I have two facebook accounts both are same pssword ,how can i deactivate one of them and keep the other one?
A maple story helper/ friend? :3?
Can you delete messages on FB without opening them?
No Volume in Google Chrome Browser?
Need info on getting details on club FB site so I can edit details.?
How can i control programs from starting automatically at windows start up ?
My internet keeps shutting off?
where is the optical drive for an asus notebook pc? i cant find it! answers appreciated!?
buying the invisable ink?
What websites sells Norton Internet Security?
Is it better to upgrade my graphics card or buy another to run them in SLI?
Would someone be able to track another person's IP Address?
Help! I can't remove a software from my laptop.?
What is the break/pause key combination for Dell Inspiron N4110 laptop?
Which brand keyboard should I get for my Ipad?
imovie project sharing stopped due to no disk space?
-10 points- Is it possible for apple to change the iPhone's price to $30-50?
advertising your relationship all over facebook normal?
Some of my laptop keys don't work?
How can I run my Javascript without notification-interference by a browser?
Read the last modified file from a directory in C++?
add more ram ddr2 or upgrade?
Visual Basic 6: Run-time error '3709' Please Help me!?
what does PRG mean in project scheduling?
Is it possible to cool processor at zero degree Celsius?
about computer cabinet?
free youtube downloader for mac?
Is this laptop good for gaming?
I am thinking about getting Apple I Pad?
Can I Run Battlefield 4 on my laptop?
What should i upgrade?
I'm playing the 90's facebook game and figure out the soccer star on level 32?
How can I apply Computer Aided Design later in life?
Need Help With This Simple Web Designing Code?
How do I manually switch my graphics card usage from IntelHD to Nvidia for gaming?
Surround sound headset?
market tracker does not work with java:?
having trouble double clicking website?
my security answer is not right?
How do I block an entire website from giving me facebook notifications?
after charging my tablet a batter icon with an exclamation mark appears and it won't turn on?
My computer is opening new tabs randomly. How do I make it stop doing this?
Formula Help in Excel-- be able to change a cell if another cell changes.?
Remote access better hardware?
If I want to learn UI developement, where could I go or software could I use to learn?
is history a valid tool to plan the future?
What's the best gaming laptop to get under $1000?
How do create another facebook accoint?
Any reason why I cant join these wires?
What is the difference between OpenShift and GitHub?
How do I retrieve my facebook password if I no longer use my default email address?
Is the Toshiba satellite expandable?
Acer Aspire 5920 video card change?
Cheap 750w power supply?
Is having 3 ieee bands better than 1?
unblocking security for java?
How to set a decreasing/increasing formula in excel?
What is port forwarding ?
why am i getting a security block for java on game site?
Segate Internal Hard Disk not detected in pc?!?
How did my usb get ill?
How to use an android?
What's Java is it necessary for windows ?
Hello...read the following?
how to change boot priority in windows 7 without opening bios?
malware or spyware help?
is this malware or spyware and how do i get rid of it?
Installing Simple Lightbox onto my wordpress site?
What's the best gaming laptop under $1000?
Help with adjusting webcam : found ubuntu great with all features , but cant reduce web camera noise?
Can anyone tell me how fast is my PC?
help with adjusting webcam : found ubuntu great with all features , but cant reduce web camera noise?
Google Chrome not working?
Hacking Question (URGENT)?
Usernames for the name isabel?
is there anything out there to remove this virus? i've tried malwarebytes, avg. iam at my wits end.?
How to remove http://m3mi.com/9229 spam from my facebook wall?
ASUS K55V Mid On/Off stage help [Dual Boot]?
Why does ClassicShell start button keep disappearing every time I reboot?
How can make money on youtube videos?
need pictures for my website please help ?
How should I configure a Ubuntu / Windows XP Home Dual Boot Hard Drive?
from where to download angry birds rio full version ?
Hey can facebook lead to any trouble ?
Where can I legally download movies to my computer?
How to Protect iPad on Public WiFi Internet?
how to use stylish front for names in fb?
c++ constructor overloading doubt.?
C++ Programming Question?
How do I remove a motherboard from a Dell Dimension 2350?
level 21 4 pics 1 song windows phone?
How can an offline computer be monitored?
Why is my Facebook like this each time I want to open FB I get this how can I get rid off this please ?
how can an offline computer be monitored?
What is the difference between KB and kB?
C++ function overloading doubt?
Why do songs get deleted from my iphone when i sync it to my itunes library?
what are the laptops below 40k?
My viber app doesn't work properly...?
Need Your Opinion to buy a router?
how do I delete my fundatecity account?
How can I get the symbol # on my Inspiron laptop for @ I have to press shift key then number 2?
http://filesify.com/kYPEqu what is the password for this link?
how to connect my hitachi to my pc via a vga?
are spam emails an indicator of search activity?
What is the name of the battery for toshiba S50D-A?
posting relationship stuff ALL over facebook?
How do I convert a ringtone into an mp3 on the iPhone?
New twitter update please help?
who wants to be my friend on facebook?
My twitter won't show me who favorites my tweets?
How do I add a program to the 'start' list / start menu in Classic Shell?
How can i sign out from Skype in Windows Mobile? i cant find any option to sign out?
Best gaming phone around 15000INR?
iOS 7.0.4 jailbreak for my ipod 5?
why we use string length 32 in c programing code ?
Can .pdf to .doc online conversion be detected?
Im thinking of getting one of these motherboards?
Im thinking of getting one of these motherboards?
How can I design zoned embankment dam with given parametres,?
Im thinking of getting one of these motherboards?
win 8 is better or win 8.1?
good free photo editing software for pc?
what is computer about computer?
Microsoft Office 2007 confirmation code?
Having problems with computer...?
I decided to do the repair permissions command on my mac and it returned a weird message?
Does watermarking your photographs protect it from Facebook using it?
I have this problem with Youtube. Please help me.?
How to hack in to Facebook?
iPhone won't connect to my desk top?
When I want my program to read from a file format, do I have to specify the file format in it?
Html code that makes everyone use a password to login your website?
Which Windows 7 should I use for my computers?
Youtube Vlog suggestions ?
How can I make my own computer app?
whats the best free mp4 to mpeg converter?
How i create a simple website?
my boyfriend is the admin to your computer so how can block him from looking on my files and coping them?
I need to remove the parental lock on certain sites from my iphone, I am on EE, Can someone help please?!?
How can i format windows 7 without cds?
Please suggest some websites where i can download video songs?
What does it mean if my visual C++ program runs on my laptop but not on another computer?
AMD FX8350 proper Cooling method?
why do I get a blocked security block?
how to get rid of unread emails when you dont have any?
Will a ddr3 video card fit a dd2 system?
What is a respectable frame rate when running a game?
How much is a linux server?
Is there any time constraint for the charge that is stored as data in a computer?
how do i reboot my computer when it says entering SETUP?
How to find bestfriend on social network only have her email?
what is DLNA? what is WI-FI direct? how they related and differed?
Theres something wrong with the sound on my macbook?
Is there any difference between core i3 and core i5 when it comes to internet surfing and YouTube?
What is the process of changing my pass word?
where can i download english TV series for my phone 3gp or mp4 or avi? for free?
Can P5KPL-AM/PS (G31 Chipset) With PCI-e2.0x16 Can Support PCI-e 3.0 Graphic Cards?
Controlling my Facebook feed?!?
I am in a real problem. please help :(?
Can you find __ on google maps?
what will happen if I backup my anroid phone connected to my PC?
Im in need of a good tumblr name!!!!?
I don't remember the name of this website?
What is hologram printing please and how can someone start?
whats the best free mp4 to mpeg converter?
What is the best DDR2 video card?
PC sound stopped playin?
What are some good brown colors on the minecraft skindex?
monitor no signal when nvidia geforce 650ti is plugged in :(?
HOW TO MAKE A BOOTable dvd?
Correct this HTML JS Code?
I'm on a Mac computer and when I'm playing the game rust, it's laggy?
Is there any way to copy all autotext entries in Word?
How do I get that blurry background and shark subject effect?
My Free Trial of Final Cut Pro X expired and now i lost my project?
change password and reset password?
How much of my personal life would be left if I submitted to the Google process wholsale?
Is there any way of tweaking, to run crysis 3 in dx10 cards?
Is there any way of tweaking, to run crysis 3 in dx10 cards?
How can Google be f;;;;;;;;;;;off out off You Tube?
\Shared Memory\ between a server and a client?
Suggestion for decent cheap touch pad for drawing ?
is this possible in java file?
I have bad habits on YouTube and I need help!?
Max processor cores windows xp?
Grey screen on start of my youtube video? HELP?
how to get FREE custom domain for blogger for unlimited period (i know free for 1 year)?
Why is the average typing speed so slow?
Will my laptop be fine if I restore it?
In Windows 8.1 KMS Activation?
my website is not opening in mobile?
I want to create a page on fb , tell me step by step how to create page on my mobile.?
how to make a pre printed document?
how can i OPEN WITH an extension (like .docx) with a batch file?
how to share internet on my laptop to another one?
How do I get rid of all trace of nasty Snapdo?
how to save a print in order to print it later?
Can Best Buy Geek Squad replace my laptop fan in one day?
I want reset my bios password for laptop lenovo g580 (i5 processor), plz plz plz tell me how to make it.?
Unable to access any photos on my laptop.?
Why speed of google plus loading is slow than facebook?
adding CSS class to html element using JavaScript without ID?
selling eco solvent printer?
http://www.lpcloudsvr302.com/6E70275D7E23384A66257938777D66233273D343528E92918F96554A1146ACD10A26104B36B99CC4F?
how do I overide the bios password?
is this good enough for FB?
do you know any sites that can download videos from YouTube ?
If I cancel a friend request on FaceBook, is there any chance the person will see it?
how do i make a video PUBLIC on YouTube?
is logic gates used in programming or in comsci course?
Sorted array to trie?
What is the scope of web designing?
the username or password for gmail is incorrect. How do I fix this?
toshiba satellite l755 will not turn on?
Tiff Fax Viewer for iPad and Android phone?
Javascript to add CSS to Input Tag?
is ssd necessary for my pc?
Will a difference latency in the computer ram cause any errors?
Which OF THESE motherboards ?
Please help me to choose which gpu?
Best facebook Unlocker software ?
What is wrong in this File Handling related program (C++)?
Which youtubers do you find to be hilarious?
how to download video from youtube?
how to hack a wifi password that is of another network?
c++ pointers doubt... what is differencebetween *++ptr and ++*ptr?
what to do for becoming a .asp .net developer?
Is 5mbps slow internet speed?
would i be better off buying a 1gb card?
Which is best for windows 7 native or legacy mode?
How will a 740M hande even the most demanding titles?
My ASUS X5DC laptop will not turn on and the picture of Battery at the bottom is a constant orange colour?
When I try to add someone, it just times out. This happens on both of my laptops. Any ideas ?
Why are my youtube analytics are wrong?
Will this cpu bottleneck the gpu?
how can I delete everything of my facebook account?
Is it true Virgin cable broadband customers cannot change providers if they want to keep it cable?
Is there any way to uninstall uplay totally?
How can I record my internet usage?
how to change MBR partition table to GPT?
Is it hardware or software that's causing the problem?
Where can I share my youtube videos?
write a java code that will output i) objectorientedprogramming 80 ii) database70iii) computing mathematics 50?
hoe can open a blocked office facebook site?
i deleted my photo album on my facebook,how do i get it back?
Do internal hard drives have processors inside of them???????????????????????????????????????????????????????
Where can i download windows installer 3.1?
can u suggest me some good english chatrooms?
How to track IP Address?
How to format my computer windows xp?
computer stuck on welcome screen?
\Unidentified network\ appears when I connect my mobile to the laptop through USB Tethering!?
My Windows 8 pavilion G6 hp is stuck on automatic repair loop!!?
Skype Taking Forever To Load?
\Java failed to create the virtual machine\ when I try to open Starmade.?
Instagram hashtags not working?
What does PCI bus 1, device 0, function 0 means?
I need a way to download anime onto my iPad. Please help. :)?
Problem with google chrome?
computer stuck on \welcome\ and wont load?
I want to add a second hard disk to my pc?
Is 4 gb ram and 2 gb radeon graphic+2 gb intel hd graphic 4000 and i3 (4CPU) IS ENOUGH FOR GAMING?
Bought Godaddy domain and hosting, now what?
Why does my computer keep restarting itself?
Wet I Phone 5 Screen?
I'm using genymotion. I can not connect to the cellular/Internet network. Which thing goes wröng?
i forgot my i cloud passward on my iphone 4s how dó i change it?
Best motherboard for i5 3570k + 2 way SLI?
Buying a MacBook from CEX/webuy.com.?
Which is cheap,best sony vaio laptop for teaching?
Please tell me what is this youtube video or who is this girl?
will my pc bottleneck?
how do i change my email sync settings to my galaxy iii?
how to search a friend or relative on internet?
yahoo wont allow google chrome?
What website is this??
No Internet access error Netgear router?
Time and Memory Limit?
How to delete window 8 from boot loader in windows xp?
is there any benefits of 2 xeon processors of 1 core 2 cpu?
Twitter...............................?
Video editing software?
if you download 64 bit apps on x64 bit processer?
I can't download anything on my lumia 710 phone.what settings i have to do?
what is the difference between adobe after effects CC and other versions?
If my iPhone is set to automatically sync with itunes, and I plug in a friends iPod what happens?
I'm installing PDF READER but when I run it an error occurs \ordinal 459 could not be found \?
I can't download anything on my lumia 710 phone.what settings i have to do?
Best laptop, give me best answer :)?
What is SAPNETS School Management Software?
what is the meaning of URL?
Which one Hosting server is best Windows/ Linux?
How can i stop people from adding me as a friend on facebook?
which is the best dongle plan in nagpur?
Why does my monitor get horizontal red lines through it?
you know any websites where i can download all hd music videos?
Printer problems please help!!! 10 points best answer?
Why does my laptop keep disconnecting from the internet?
I wanna enjoy my DVD movie on my Xbox 360 but how?
library management system project?
uninterrupted direct download for large files ?
Adobe Photoshop cs6 no video editing tools MAC?
Buying a safe online, is it SAFE?
How wikipedia is protected?
Should i upgrade my gaming rig?
Any possible for me to watch the DVD movies on my Samsung note 3 phone?
ATI Radeon 5570 HD and Assassins Creed IV Black Flag.?
Why is google play behind in episodes?
How to download youtube video without any software?
offline jobs without registration?
Windos Xp Is Soo Boring?
Battle between core i5 processors ./././././. I need help?
how mch does a file server cost?
What is the highest byte type in Computer?
Is anyone getting Adware:win32/adpeak attacks on your computer?
Chinese ripoff laptop can't find drivers?
How do i download apps from google play through my pc on my android phone?
i learnt basics of c++ in my 11th and 12th grade?
Which laptop is a better buy?
i learnt basics of c++ in my 11th and 12th grade?
can I install this applications on mac pro or imac ?
What is the postfix form of this expression A+(B*C-(D/E)*G)*H?
What is the postfix form of this expression A+(B*C-(D/E)*G)*H?
Will my computer run dayz standalone?
I am thinking of changing my homepage to Bing because I'm a Microsoft fan is it good?
My Mozilla Firefox browser does not working properly?When i open new tab it will open new window.?
How to update files of microsoft security ensstienl, i wanna update manuly?
Java 7 update 51, application blocked by security setting?
custom keybound functions (windows 8)?
My computer made a beeping noise and it shut down and when i turn it on nothing works mouse,keyboard,monitor?
name of all linux distributions whose name start with O?
can i Run Nvidia geforce gt610 graphics card on this specs ?
where was the nearest toshiba custumer service in makati?i need a charger for the laptop.?
Is Bing a good search engine I've always bin a fan of Microsoft and was wondering if it's the best?
How can I use my router dial in to other router ?
Is it possible to create a new brush in PScs6 with a white background?
Micro SD not working ON ANY DEVICE after I updated the Android software on my phone?
Should I buy the WordPress upgrade if I want money from my blog?
can i connect two mobiles to one wifi router ?
how to change the xampp port?
can a dongle save browsing and download history?
How can I change my additude?
Why cant I comment or like/dislike a comment on YouTube?
will photo shop run on a VIA8850?
who is the best data card service provider?
How to get mobile substrate .9.500?
What should I do? The wheel tab in the mouse setting had been removed.?
HELP me to find a suitable cpu to my computer?
HELP me to find a suitable cpu to my computer?
how can i get youtube videos to work better with my straight talk hotspot?
Someone is claiming the item I sold them on Ebay is broken?
Help with me test please?
How to download older versions of software?
What is the Best Remote solution for Me ?
Lost my DELL laptop any way to find it..?
Connect to office network when router is used in between?
How do I upload my picture?
When I press enter it takes me to a different page?
what motherboard is better?
my laptop is not shutting down!?
Help with PhotoShop!?
What's the best and cheapest Introduction to Computer Programming Book? (C focused)?
How can I make a Dell monitor into a tv?
Only oracle or sql server certification help me to get job?
Does sql server or oracle required knowledge of any others programming launguage?
Does sql server 2008 has scope in india,can i get job after it or i go for server 2012?
Is there any software or site where we can change effect of our webcam while video calling somebody?
What is the treatment for block folipia tube?
ATI Radeon HD 6670 1GB DDR3. Can it run battlefield 4?
How can i download youtube videos in mobile verson?
what are the pros and cons of laptops over desktops? someone told me that in the very distant future?
Where can i download all the national anthems vocal in mp3?
How to Update Minecraft 1.3.6?
How can I record from my webcam, while still using my desktop, in Windows 8.?
Which is the best wireless with modem router under 5000/-?
am really interested in learning cyber security and don't know nothing about programming can anybody help.?
Why do all online videos stutter for me?
Please suggest me a good processor for my pc.?
how can i change password?
Does closing facebook account fix anything?
Can someone answer a few questions about tumblr please?
Things to do with old (pentium 3) comptuer?
Im able to use only 41% of my ram.I installed 8 gb of ram but im able to use only 3.2gb , my laptop is 64 bit?
What basic computer software experience is needed for a receptionist?
how do hackers make illegal bank transfers online? what type of knowledge do they have that can?
How do I get the HTML source of a certain section of a page?
is windows 8 capatibility with reliance moderm?
connect to office network when router is used in between?
I have a Macbook pro and an HDMI cable, but no HDMI port. What kind of converter do I need?
Why does my ipod lose all data when the battery goes flat?
How to create form website..?
how to install front panel stuff on motherboard?
I'm really confused about the coding career business?
my facebook has been disabled but I used it for almost 7years!and facebook is ignoring my report help me?
how to fix bootmgr missing ?
Does AVG Internet Security had an option to turn off the resident shield on some partitions?
How to edit texts of a scanned pdf file?
How to edit texts of a scanned pdf file?
How can I stop Winrar from doing stuff in the background? (Self-Extracting?)?
Redesigning a website?
which is best and easy photo editing software for pc?
is USB an interface or protocol?
Is Streaming from This Site Legal?
wireless configuration problems help?
Pop ups that sound and look like skype?
How to categorize my tumblr stuff?
how to disable \Drag Link/Photos Here\ option in facebook status ?
The mean of a set of data is one of the values in the data set. true or false?
What's the best free resume creator site?
I have a writing task! Fix for me! 5 stars?
Computer monitor says no signal?
Aside from Blustacks, how to sign up on instagram using pc?
How To Quick Update My Guardian Antivirus Regularly?
My CD drive on my laptop isn't working, how do I fix it?
Is this a good Mini-ITX gaming desktop build?
AMD R9 290 Dedicated Ram Question?
how do i get more subscribers on youtube?
I need help with ask fm?
Hp pavilion n010tx or Dell inspiron 3521, which is best?
How do I launch PhysX?
Which laptop should I choose , hp pavilion or dell inspiron?
Which is best laptop hp or dell? In india?
I have made a personal website ,, so next how to access this website in internet , How to host , and domain ,,?
Which laptop have good life and quality? Hp or dell?
My Samsung Tablet 10.1 keeps turning on by itself?
Are these wapka advertisement sites wapboost, wap dollar etc.really trustable and genuine?
how can i know the hacked email account..or a web link may put me in a fuck?
Sorting given array of strings using predefined functions in c?
Windows Movie Maker troubles helpppp?
Why are my webpages not loading properly?
Are Windows 7 drivers compatible with Windows Vista?
What are some good laptops?
Laptop to TV HDMI stopped working?
Dual Mother Board Chassis?
How can you tell if your pc can handle a graphics card and or is compatible with your PC?
About samsung i need help?
is google adsense now linked to my youtube, or do i have to put every vid URL into adsense?
64 gb emmc? What does this mean?
How to allocate the 80GB free space to E partition without losing data?
how do i take away the background music and only use vocals?
Paypal digital goods?
Why dont i have sound when i make a vine on my laptop.?
how do i download a flashlight on my android?
Which 1gb DDR5 GPU (1gb ddr5 Graphic Card) Should i Buy?Specifecation given below.In range rs5000 to rs7500.?
\bootmgr is missing\?
My facebook page has been hacked!?
Jquery Templates How to use?!?
kobian pi945gcm ican't find audio driver please help me?
How do I recover my Facebook account?
why does mozille firefox look so outdated in linux mint?
Please help me decide between Lenovo Y510p or Toshiba qosmio x70??
how to put new password on facebook?
Is this a good computer build for the price?
Is it photoshop or what?
Is there a way to combine 2 separate videos in one frame?
Are there any youtube accounts similar to WongFuProductions?
How to Open a link In the same page in HTML?
Mobile Websites and Apps - What is The Difference b/w both ?
HOW TO CREATE WINDOWS 7 & WINDOWS 8 LIVE CD?
Want to know everything about textures for blender.?
How can I fix the audio on my computer?
How safe is it to torrent on Netzero?
Windows 8.1 installation error?
Want to know everything about textures for blender.?
How do i make a website?
Help!Ransomware or real?
Cheap laptop that can run Lol on Maximum settings?
Can you defined what things are mandatory to to design Logos?
Can i switch microsoft office from current computer to new computer?
Is watching frozen on watch32 illegal?
Why the POP3 is still prevalent in many mail servers despite the fact that the IMAP is a better protocol?
is my motherboard damaged ?
Can't enable DHCP on laptop?
twitter images that change when viewed?
Ipad vs Android tablets for college?
WHAT IS SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT?
What is that program called when you look at something bad on the internet, it tells certain people?
how to solve rundll error?
C++ help - Tree Structure?
Why can't I play videos on my computer?
The license for this evaluated version of windows has expired??? HELP?
Can i switch microsoft office from current computer to new computer?
How to code an app to be accessible on a locked iPhone?
Is kim jung un facbook account a fake?
What's that website?!?!?
What would happen if hacker stole my wifi password and use it to logon to internet?
can any one help me to get password \http://downloadsnack.com/files/password\?
Small dot on laptop screen?
Cant boot from USB CD Drive with UEFI netbook? CANT INTALL ANYTHING!?!?!?
CyberLink PowerDirector Ultra v10.0.0.2023 its support 32 bit os and 2gb ram or its not supported?
Google glass????????
Windows 7 format and re-installing would clean up all previously installed programs?
problem with autodesk?
how do I create a url for an image?
how to overclock my cpu?
how to download brye for free?
wifi network of about 1 km range?
Tablet won't charge or turn on?
which one is best adobe dreamviewer cs or cc ?
Black berry 9790 help,?
how to find wifi password on mac? and user name account?
What is oracle Pl/sql will it be helpful in airline industry?
adobe premier pro cs5.5 its support 32 bit os or not?
I didn't install this.?
Does anybody know how to fix this YouTube layout? HELP!?
What is up with charters new piracy monitoring?
How do I rid myself of a very annoying error message that comes up on.......?
WiFi router flat, or use verticle stand?
can't find the audio outlet on a Benq monitor?
my computer is 10 years old how can I upgrade the browser it a sony vaio?
Is there any website where I can do some mini projects in Java?
Does Facebook ever ask for Government ID?
C programming code help?
crazy domain help fast?
Lost Microsoft Office and Other Apps in Windows 8.1 Upgrade?
What is Cinema 4D used for?
Ehy guyss what do u think about the Green Day?
Can someone I am not friends with on Facebook see that I have viewed her Facebook page?
What does hashtagging on facebook do? If you hashtag # fbi or # nsa, do those agencies see it...?
Does this mean I was reported?
need help with VBA code getting run time error?
How exactly can I go back to my original version on my samsung galaxy s3 after I did one software update ?
Which is the best video editing software for windows 7 pc?
Can't connect to brand new arris tg862 modem. How do I get the DS light to stop blinking yellow?
iPhone 4S wifi button greyed/ can't turn on?
How can I group birthday posts on my timeline?
Acer 5741 freezing at random times.?
Why am I blocked due to security settings related to Jave. I have latest update?
(FACEBOOK)Do people get notified or does it show up on their feed when you join a closed group?
google wont let me log into youtube with my yahoo email?
Why is my internet so slow all of a sudden?
Final Cut Pro X question?
Is there a way to create spreadsheet templates with Google Drive?
Just got MineCraft working...help please?
what do I do to get likes on Ask.fm?
I have an issue how do i fix this Failed to start the following executable, Failed to start the following?
So how do I change back to mobile YouTube?
Is hynix \HYMP125U64CP8' 2gb memory compatible with intel dg41 cn?
How do you get an imposter to close FB?
Is an Acer netbook with an Intel Atom processor, 1 GB RAM, 250 GB HDD, and Windows 7 worth $200?
How do you get back to Farmville 2 (regular)?
How does YouTube pay?
Do you need to be famous on YouTube before you start vlogging?
Does a Apple Macbook Pro have a webcam, headset and microphone?
How to reinstall windows 7?
My desktop is old and can only take 2 gigs of ram?
Is there any other effective reverse image search applications other than?
paper caught in printer?
How did candy crush and farmville get so popular?
DECLARATIONS OUTPUT- JAVA COMPUTER SCIENCE?
Mac issue, cant see File View Edit menu?
I am so sick and tired of the way yahoo operate there site? I am trying to switch my yahoo account to GMAIL,?
Best Graphics card on Newegg for about 220?
What's wrong with my dell laptop?
is a gmail account deleted after months of not logging in and not using it?
Can I freeze my iPhone tracker with disabling it?
How to troubleshoot this?
Which wireless with modem to buy under 3000/-?
Don't you just hate it when.....?
how do you find a tweet from someone who posted it over a year ago?
verification url to access on google?
How to record sound from laptop?
HOW DO I TURN OFF THE AUTO SHIFT THING?
What is wrong with my internet speed?
How to get a twitter handle?
how do i prevent someone that is using my external hard drive from transferring/copying the data off of it?
Is there a free video editing app for this?
What is the ideal step by step workflow between designer and web developer when creating mobile websites?
What is the best desktop computer?
How to edit minecraft skins?
Windows 9, the start menu button strikes back?
can i monetize a video on youtube if i have two songs that mixed together?
Which is the best image software?
What is the difference?
What is the difference?
job application help????????????!!!!!!!!!!!!!!??
Tell me about these Externel Hard Drive of Seagate?
my computer window not install give me solution ?
What Are The Youtube Policies for Gamers?
How many bitcoins per day will I be able to mine with this rig?
My parents track my iPhone. Can I freeze my location without disabling it?
How to get rid of disturbing disgusting images?
is 80 degrees celcius too hot for an i3 laptop?
How to create a custom search engine/database results?
My earphones work but mic doesn't.?
unable to print shipping labels through eBay or Paypal?
File types that save layers?
Screenflow audio problem?
How to populate sheet 2 with data from sheet one?
\HTTP Error 403.14 - Forbidden\- I have directory browsing enabled?
I need to chnage my ip?
how do I open my disc drive on my asus laptop?
will corsair ever make any drivers for mac?
How can i delete the trojan virus winclean performap from my laptop?
Who is father of google?
Do all graphics cards work with all motherboards and CPUs?
has anyone read the infernal devices?
What are some advantages and disadvantages of the Surface Pro comparing to the Surface?
2tb portable hard drive worth the buy?
What can I expect from this graphics card?
Is Pat Engineering Qatar or USA a good company to work for?
How to get an online certification in Java?
ethernet powerline same circuit?
How to replace an old HDD with a new larger one and keep exisiting data?
I have a 8 year old gateway with xp can I change it to windows 7?
My compaq laptop won't start up! Someone please help me!!?
I downloaded mircosoft office 2010 off of the internet, where to get product key?
Facebook users: how to change your relationship status without having it post?
How can I make this MPC player my official media player?
How to install Netflix Desktop on Ubuntu 12.04 LTS.?
How do I get popular on Youtube?
How do I get windows explorer to stop crashing?
Tinder App, Does the person get notified that you like them?
What code do u use in a bat file for this:?
Which kind of computer chair do you prefer?
how do reseat security setting to get to play yahoos?
how do i convert my ethernet cable to the dsl port on my old laptop? Is there a converter I can use?
Can I crossfire two of These GPUs on this motherboard? How many watts would I need? Crossfire bridge? etc.?
Is there a \history\ feature on Mozilla?
How can I make my volume louder on my computer (HP Envy x2)?
Hey i have a question regarding domain name.?
Is the power supply that comes with this case 80+??
Has anyone had a bad experience with Bitdefender anti-virus?
How to editing mp3 formate ?
Can some one suggest a second monitor/screen for my laptap?
kenapa idm tidak muncul saat mendownload file (bkn video) di google chrome (idm 6.18)?
can i connect an external fax modem to my bt home hub?
How could I grow my YouTube channel?
how can I limit on facebook what people see? Specifically people that have me on their close friends lists.?
What is the best way to learn video editing ?
Should i use idm for my downloads?
What is purpose of using VPS ?
How to put Music on Itunes?
how do I get all my old data back onto my phone?
Google chrome only launches the first time I click on it in a windows session?
Help with internet speed?
Why do all my web browsers keep shutting down?
Ways to get cheaper internet and cable service?
Programs to help decide where to move?
Google chrome opens in a google OS?
Is this a good buget gaming pc build?
Marplestory error=-61 not enough disk space?
Can someone help me with tranferring info from my computer to a mp3 divice?
For livestreaming, should I upgrade my CPU or my GPU?
Is utorrent safe for my pc?
How to sign up for vk for free?
RAID 1 - Orphan Drive - How to recover?
Print screen turns out black?
How can I connect internet on my computer without a wall outlet?
Programs to help decide where to move?
Why hasn't my Ex Boyfriend deleted me off of facebook?
Can HP Pavilion 15-n007AX work with Windows 7?
Does Microsoft Call if you have a virus on your computer?
If I delete a friend on Facebook and I friend someone else will they know?
Please answer/Ask!!!1?
Why don't motherboards with AMD sockets have HDMI ports?
What to do when it says your twitter is suspended?
How many watt psu should I buy?
Does a capture card record the same quality thats being played on the ps3?
Why is the new java update blocking me from entering yahoo games?
What can I do to fix my computer?
how to be web design ?
What can I do if someone I know is slandering me in messages to my boyfriend?
Skype Problem. Damn Urgent! Help! D:?
Which downloader should i use?
Help!! My wifi is in trouble!?
How to uninstall Windows 8 from XP dual boot?
How much can I sell these 2 systems for?
Youtube loading problems?
My anti malware software keep blocking 192.168.1.255.?
Should I use my name online?
I want to upgrade my nvidia 660 TI. should i get a 780 or SLI the 660 TI?
Where on the internet can you do a free background check or like a lowest price for a full background check?
Is the Microsoft's \Sculpt Comfort Moue\ connectable by bluetooth only?
Is there such thing as plugging a wire into a USB with a wall socket end?
Graphics card upgrade help?
Excel 2007. How to copy Countifs formula where the date will automatically change.?
unsubscribe from a YouTube channel?
How long will it take to learn C++ to make actual use of it?
How long does it take for Google to review my website that has an AdSense code already?
Will this setup work?
I have a question on about the Google Play store?
Hey Help ME My AVI video got lost on my hard drive!!?
Anyone having facebook auto liker script (html+php) ?
Found weird thing in desert, help?
How do you code a Facebook like button next to a twitter button in HTML and HTML 5?
Is there any place on the web for FREEEEE texting from your computer?
Why are my BitCoin hashrates so low?
Troubles opening and downloading files on window 8?
clean the printhead...?
How do people contact me on skype?
whats my nat user name and password?
Connecting two digits and making number?
Is this a good gaming laptop?
What do the numbers on the motherboard mean?
Do Nvidia GPUs get better the higher the number?
Copy only colored cells with data?
How can i get my computer to run?
How to sell a bundle of PS2 games on eBay?
Is this graphics card better?
Blog design, templates and coding?
Photoshop I can't Warp Linked Layers?
How to switch data in BASIC language?
I got a Facebook question people?
would this be a good gaming build, max everything or no?
Where can I download because the internet?
My computer keeps randomly shutting off?
Is there any way to to find my gmail accounts list linked to same phone number?
how do i get to my recent apps in windows?
Microphone for Steam videogaming help?
Is this PC config possible?
How can I access my home server without internet through an ipad?
How can I get more involved with google plus and get more followers?
why are my web pages jumbled with large type?
Will this sod where fit and work (update)?
Can this computer run dayz and on what settings?
Good YouTube channel name?
Automatic restart in Windows 7?
Would this be a decent laptop for gaming? (link)?
What is the different betwen \Domain not available\ vs \Domain already registered\?
how do i convert time from seconds to years:days: HH:MM:SS in c++? ?
Need help with a batch file?
Connecting two monitors to laptop?
how can you tell if poking on Facebook is flirting?
need someone that's computer savy for this question?
What should I upgrade to on my computer build?
Anti-Virus Google Chrome Trouble?
Need Help with pacman on visual basic 2008?
How can I make two excel speadsheet share information?
How can I create an image slideshow for the homepage on my website?
how to free up ram on spectrum 2?
Dell Studio One 1909 Specs 19\ Desktop? Connect to TV?
How to use Bluetooth wireless headphones?
Help with computer build?
How do you setup a HP ePrint Printer to print via ip address without using the ePrint email route?
How to read two strings from the same line?
How can I add a shortcut to my desktop to my taskbar?
Why can't I download the IOS 7 update on my iPod touch ?
why can i only record for 15 minutes with my elgato or it wont upload to YouTube?
Can the acer Chromebook run anything?
Gmail \Delivery to the following recipient failed permanently\?
When I upgrade my motherboard, will it keep my old OS?
How can I add a shortcut to my desktop to my taskbar?
my toshiba laptop says i have not anoth data but i have 500GB but 2 drives and it goes to the wrong drive?
Will google chrome cast work with windows phone?
Cool software for a laptop tablet convertible?
How can I write a program to solve this in C++ ?
AJAX not working on android browsers?
Would this work as a gaming pc (updated)?
I want a solution for the problem with the hotspot shield? 10 points?
I want a solution for the problem with the hotspot shield? 10 points?
I have no tumblr followers....?
CSC.EXE application error?
how to download macfee?
BENGALI?! What does \tumi asholeo bengali\ mean in English?
I just downloaded new version of Java and now I cannot get into my yahoo games?
What is a decent enough camera for YouTube?
Repost everywhere or selectively?
Using arrays to make a deck of cards?
3.5 inch SATA hard drive enclosure?
Which programming path to take? (Web, game, database, etc?)?
Music will play but won't copy onto new computer?
what is the easiest way to build websites?
HELP please...my iPhone 4S won't find any wifi???
Has anyone jailbroken an iPhone 4 on iOS 7? If so, can you please tell me how it run?
iPad Air vs MacBook Air for a student?
is it safe to buy Online?
how come my computer says ntldr is missing?
Which router is better?
How to track someone down?
What's the difference between a string and a string literal?
How to see what's downloading - Windows 8?
My MacBook Pro overheated what do I do?
Why isn't my computer using all the RAM?
Why isn't my computer using all the RAM?
Computer comes on for a few seconds then goes off?
Can i leave my laptop charging 24/7?
What's the best gaming laptop I could get for $300?
will 8gb of ram be enough on a macbook pro retina?
SnapChat \Connect to iTunes to Use Push Notifications\ popup that won't go away?
What are cheap but good mechanical keyboards for gaming?
Is this laptop any good?
Is it the computer's \processor\ that gives it the ability to run two programs together smoothly?
How big of PSU should i buy?
CAN SOMEONE PLEASE PHOTOSHOP THIS PIC FOR ME??!?
Where can i get windows vista themes?
How do I get my Windows 7 computer to stop dinging everytime it connects to my network?
what would be the best anti virus for my system?
if someone removed you off msn (Not messenger) anyway to know?
Can I switch from a UK 800W PSU to an American 800W PSU?
power supply upgrading?
How can I find an original facebook picture using a downloaded picture?
Should i make a youtube channel?? Camera needs help?
what is instagram limit for LIKES PER HOUR FOR YEAR 2014?
Account disabled by Instagram?
Cannot get my Google Chrome home page?
mod a psp or wii game?
Why is my Internet Explorer screen not displaying the url line and google search bar?
how do i do a factory reset on my agptek android tablet?
what is a block in cryptocurrency?
Is this a good gaming pc?Asus - Essentio Desktop - 16GB Memory - 2TB Hard Drive?
Adobe web/graphical/video Products Help?
Snapchat (windows 8 ProSnap) account creation problems?
British Feminist on YouTube?
My pc is capable of running a 64-bit version of Windows, it's on 32 bit now. How to upgrade without a disk?
My computer is being attack by Ads by Bettersurf? what can i do to stop them?
I updated Java and now it blocks yahoo games. How do I fix this?
Iam having samsung galaxy y duos 6102 version 2.3.6amd i upgraded it to creed 3.5 rom of samsung galXy y 5360?
I'm receiving facebook alerts from someone elses facebook and i never had facebook?
Does anybody have a adobe photoshop installer (not the adobe download assistant but the cs6 installer)?
Wireless Encryption, WEP, WPA, when you use witless encryption is the password encrypted or the entire...?
how to re download a free version of microsoft word? computer re booted?
Wireless Encryption, WEP, WPA, when you use witless encryption is the password encrypted or the entire...?
What meme face is this?
Is there a way to merge 2 partitions on a laptop hard drive without losing any data?
Which laptop between these two?
If Square is the name of a class, which of the following statements would create a Square object named box?
Do you know what would happen if i continue to stay on my computer 24/7?
computer screen turning black..or blue or brown?
do i need internet/anti-virus security on my macbook?
My laptop spontaneously has gotten slower! Please help!?
Can you help me with this facebook problem?
I have a question can u make a selected area in excel equal in to powerpoint.?
What makes a good introduction video for youtube?
haveing problems typing again someone in my key board please fix?
local networks on site to site vpn?
about dell laptop webcam?
I would like to download a series of videos from a password protected site (I have access)?
I have an iPhone 4S I'm looking to sell, some questions below?
Can I add an extra hdd to my desktop to make it run better?
Vampirefreaks Layout Help!!!?
wireless configuration problems help?
Is my Upload/Download Speed good?
What will the output be of TYPE Test.TXT | DEBUG?
Can I run Total War: Rome II if my Dedicated Video RAM doesn't meet the minimum requirements?
Does creating a Facebook Page cost anything?
Is this enough in for good online gaming?
Where can I find a tumblr theme that has a plain background and a sidebar?
Possibly a scam website? Help?
why is my facebook account temporarily unavailable ?
How could I get the best value out of my laptop?
why is my facebook account temporarily unavailable ?
Can you change graphic cards in laptops?
Is there a good text/image based tutorial for learning Java?
A DVD disk or a Hard Drive.?
The \Talking About This\ on my Facebook page keeps dropping?
Best USB-HDMI display adapter for iMac?
how do you place the numbet?
What kind of laptop should I get?
I hav a programming software called Dev C++,How can i make my own Operating system from it and making it total?
What's A good Blog Name?
Hacking my job wifi signal?
Is this a good and compatible gaming rig?
any1 nauseated from wifi?
Might one have the ability to use a 990FX MOBA in conjunction with an FX-9590?
anywhere in ontario wifi free?
34 display partitions each partition can hold 7 pieces?
How do I establish a \print preview\ for an HP5510 printer that no longer has HP Director?
Will any 990FX motherboard work with a FX-9590?
Java Programming Help (5 stars for best answer :D )?
Why can't I get a Microsoft Office 2013 64 bit trial?
Write a batch file to close another when the first program is closed?
Darlington Pair dilemma?
Photo editing fonts recommends?
How can I figure out who a person is based on either a cell phone number or a random number@facebook.com #?
How can I fix the touch screen on my Dell XPS?
Performance wise, is the AMD-A10 between an Intel Core i5 and Core i7?
what does \suggested poke\ mean on fb?
YouTube Gaming Channel Tips?
I went to like someones photo on facebook and it unliked straight away and it kept doing it what does it mean?
How to Change password?
is this cpu & mobo compatable?
How do you download games from Google Play on computer to an SD card?
how do i get a mini disk out of my apple laptop?
what does this smily mean 8=====D~?
Why doesnt my tablet working after downloading the antivirus 360 ?
How long would it take you to create a simple tic tac toe game using Java and object oriented programming?
How good is the AMD 10 quad core proccesser?
Will this graphics card fit my Desktop?
Charity looking for technology help?
How to get noticed on Youtube?
I got hacked and i cant unlock my facebook, it asks for the code sent to my number but i dont have that number?
How do I setting computer?
How To Get More Gigabytes?
What is the best compiler for C++ on Windows 7?
windows 8 screen to large?
How to create a youtube website?
Connecting two monitors to laptop?
Gw basic how to learn?
i need help on a java program?
Any interesting topic computer related ?
Would somebody please help me in switching accounts on Youtube?? Please?
Which is better for an internet connection?Static or DHCP?
Can I have more control over windows updates?
Windows XP support is ending, but I can't afford a new computer.?
How to convert MKV. to DvD?
Is it possible to have one instance of MS Access running in more than one window?
Can I mine Bitcoins using the same wallet on different PC's at the same time?
How Do I Convert .accbd to .pdf Files?
bios and software temp monitor say cpu is below room temp?
Can anyone tell me how to fix my Firefox?
How do I change this setting on my laptop?
Who 'OWNS' 'Facebook' is it a monoply?
My mouse isn't clicking on certain things?
How many subscribers do you need to earn money from youtube?
My wifi router stopped working?
How do I tell my dad I cracked my tablet?
What are some laptops under $600 that can run civilization V?
Is there any way to up load photos to my flickr , directly from my cell phone ?
Changing My IP Address?
Two monitors to a laptop?
Bitcoin mining With my laptop?
I still can't open FB, and why is it corrupt?
Will my razer blackwdow ultimite usb keyboard work during first boot with win8? or will i need to use a PS/2?
One or Two YouTube Channels?
How to see all the photos that i have sent to someone inbox on facebook?
I think i have a virus?
I forgot the password for my netbook?
How to Use Check boxes in Access 2010?
How to setup an Excel chart to adapt to newly input rows?
my epson l210 printer won't print blue. the printer is new and the blue ink is full. how do i fix it?
How do I know how much memory is left on my Asus Windows 8 laptop?
Any music composing software/equipment recommended ?
I always use my macbook to login to my facebook account through a proxy.but now,for 3 days I can`t do that?
Help finding a laptop for college and light gaming?
what is the postorder enumeration for a binary tree if preorder enumeration ABECDFGHIJ ?
Building a gaming PC. Will this work?
How could my setup handle Battlefield 4?
Search function not searching 2013 or older emails?
Is this a good gaming pc?
Is there any minecraft maps like this?
What's is a good, completely free, virus and malware free, video making program I can use?
is .shtml, https? are they related or not?
What is a good website creator/blog that...?
Is it okay to use my am2+ hsf to an am3 processor? Is there any damage happen or it will work perfectly?
how to find the focused p tag element?
HELP!! Uninstall Ubuntu And Get back to WIndows!?
What is this video effect called?
Facebook wont work on any browser?
Connecting to monitors to a laptop?
i receive a call from this company showypc.com that my computer was infected, does someone knows about them?
Would this be an upgrade or a downgrade?
I have multiple pop up blockers how can I remove them. the tool bars on my computer do not have any of these?
Purchasing a general VOC Monitor?
Problem with Sony Vegas UI?
My mouse wheel won't scroll. How do I fix it?
can I clone my XP system drive, as a backup?
Why does Skyrim refuse to load?
Where can find free! video loops?
How to recover bbm chats for iphone?
c++ persistence of numbers help?
How good are msi laptop ?
Are there any other ways?
Can my computer run Rust?
I cannot play you tube videos, load facebook, It says error occurred, and facebook loads weird?
View someones Ghost followers on Instagram?
How to play an imovie video on a windows computer?
How to download Papers Please on Chrome book?
Word 2007 and 2013 are both installed?
Do cam girls only get paid when they do private shows?
PC mouse lag, game lag, sound lag?
A Youtube Calculater?
is a 2 xeon cpu system better than a 1 i7 system?
Ad Aware.... why won't it let me uninstall it?
Would this work in my pc?
anyone else having trouble enrolling through covered california?
Ran into a little bit of confusion. Is Visual C++ the same as visual studios?
How to turn off Apps for games requests?
Have you deleted your Facebook profile and now call it Fakebook?
I want to add this line on WORDPRESS theme footer.. All right reserve @ “Mywebname” 2014 . is that OK?
How to use dynamic microphone on windows ?
What features are available with Cast Hub?
ad hoc network option is missing from windows 7?
C# Please Fast Rply ?
My new iPhone has a weird scratch... PLEASE read?
how doI change security settings?
Can somebody help me with facebook?
Best laptops for a student?
how long it would my freinds to download my video with bitorretnt,if it got only one seed?
Formatting hard drives but keeping Steam save files?
Building a gaming PC. Will this work?
Why has ads started appearing even though I have ad block?
Is anyone having trouble with Facebook?
What printer would work for a Toshiba Satellite L455D-S5976 laptop?
How long does it take to burn a CD?
Python help! Please!?
Intel Core 2 Duo with only 4GB RAM - Windows7 64-bit possible?
I need a good FREE video and audio recording program, i wanna do lets plays.?
How to erase sent emails from facebook?
Do I need to invest on 16gb ram or 7200rpm 500gb hdd or 5400 rpm 1tb hybrid 8gb hdd?
How to restore damaged Microsoft Access database from corrupted .mdb file?
Excel help with formulas!?
Is there anything I can do?
intel core i3 3.10ghz vs i7 2.30 ghz for gaming which one is better ?
Computer are Laptopi have both?
Did he mark the Facebook message as unread?
Help!!! Copyright problems on YouTube (read description)?
Want to know if i have a felaney?
Cisco internet provider? Best answer ten points?
WordPress - Want comments to show up below, like Facebook.?
How can I stop my facebook messages from coming to my email?
How do i get a lot of subscribers on YouTube?
How to reformat Asus G75VW?
i dont get it ? where are they @_@?
Apps for photos and editing?
how to download videos from tune.pk without idm?
were can i found deb soft with all dependence?
do I have to have the same exact mother board to switch hard drives?
key strokes cause cursor to jump around?
Installed graphics card now there's a black screen?
Can my parents check wifi history?
-10 points- Where can I download paint.net without any viruses?
how to install tar tar.gz?
How can I search my emails as I used to be able to do?
What does this piece of Code mean?
How can I make Excel auto complete from another worksheet?
I need an operating system: Windows 7 or Windows 8?
Forgot my computer password!?
i can't download stuff?
I need help understanding something on Amazon! Help! Please read!?
How can I set a link to open in Firefox instead of Chrome?
Java blocked by security settings?
Why is there so much hate on yt?
How can i reinstall operating system?
I'm have to replace Modem pls help me?
how do you have an email address that you can send emails but no one can email you back?
facebook page problem (read)?
Really slow internet?
How to hack any Facebook account?
Minimum power wattage for sli?
Excel Timesheet for Employee Shift Schedule PLEASE HELP?
How do i change folder icons (win7)?
Hacking Question Advice Needed?
LG monitor Flatron W2361V turning off?
Which Linux Mint are KDE?
What qualification is required to work as software developer in usa?
how can i block someone from emailing me?
YouTube Channel that makes music?
Which is the best hard drive cloning software?
When is the next Ebay free listing day?
Can someone please help me figure out why I can't download anything to my Macbook Pro?
Does Windows 8.1 Preview downgrade to Windows 8?
can I object to an add?
If I unfollow someone on Instagram can they still see my page?
I need help on buying a new laptop?
My printer won't print properly?
Do i need to download additional separate drivers ?
Why a eye mark is blinking on my left most corner of my samsung galaxy note2?
laptop making squeaky noise when doing a disk scan?
Successful examples of lifecycle modles waterfall/v-shaped/RAD?
Any ideas for a technology themed event? I am looking for ideas for sessions that are open to the public. Thx!?
I think I'm being stalked?
computer wont turn on?
If a game requires a 2.5Ghz single core processor and I have a1.8Ghz Single core processor, will it work?
handwriting recognition software for touch screen?
is there any possiblity of using my internet outside from home.????
Why I lose conection with a router connected to a giga port on a switch ?
how to log into your compaq computer if u forgot your login password?
What does the blue colored mobile symbol next to the person name indicate in gmail chat?
Best processor (FM1) for gaming?
Am I connected to the internet?
Software for logos??
VPNs and gaming - inconsistent speed?
How do I get all of a webpaqe to show on my computer screen? It's too big.?
Can I Go Back to Mountain Lion?
Dns server no response I'm not willing to do any of the IP changes manually could it be faulty equipment?
are all computers built by hand?
how do you set a password on a folder on the iphone4?
Good Youtube Channel name?
im trying to get 2 computers to talk together, one is core and the other is full server?
How can I get wifi without a landline?
MY EMAIL ON MY DESKTOP?
How to overpass internet limitation?
Should I get the Microsoft Surface RT with Tegra 3 or an Intel Atom-powered tablet running Windows 8.1?
how to overclock my cpu?
how to make 3d window on ubuntu 13.10?
How to keep running a file in CMD?
how to run firefox, gnome-terminal as root?
What are the best laptops for gaming?
how to get traffic to premium rate phone number ?
Why is it important to have C and D drives rather than just C?
I am unable to run Fps game creator free version,help?
System Infections: Backdoor Houdini Activity?
WHAT TEXT IS THIS!?!?
Best PCIe x16 graphics card without changing anything?
Windows 8 32 bit is compatible for games?
Can someone tell me how to fix this error please?(error in french)?
how can i speed up my pc ?
Do I have to pay before I can see what's the shipping cost while buying at Amazon?
How to learn html, css, xhtml, I want easy way?
Sony vegas 12 pro editing options?
What type of filament should I use with my 3D printer?
I have problems with Minecraft?
Is 48-55 degrees celsius an acceptable temperature for laptop CPUs?
I made a youtube channel. Help me?
where is the toolbar I just downloaded?
security blocked sites?
Laptop is slow on some websites?
Does the mac book air include garage band?
why am i seeing appilcation blocked by security settings?
Is the AMD E1-1500 a good processor for video editing?
how to submit website on search engine networks?
what is causing my macbook to heat up so much?
what is a youtube dislike bot?
What is-------WIFI-------?
How do I delete my entire music library on Galaxy S4?!?
If I uninstall whatsapp and reinstall it , will the group I created get deleted ?
How to improve my tumblr blog?
how to make external hard drive main drive?
How to convince my parents into getting me new computer stuff?
Why does my mac keep saying pug in failure?
In an AC 3-pin power socket the left hand side pin is live. will there be any harm to connect the plug of an e?
How do I make a macro run right when a Word 2007 Document opens?
which cpu to buy assembled or branded?
How can I get 4 extra displays running on an iMac?
is the capacity of Youtube infinite?
i want a laptop how can get one?
Why Application and games installation on external sd card not allowded on some smart phones?
Iteration keeps on returning same answer?
Set up my computer to my employee automatically synchronize all the information on al computer?
How do I remove password protection from Excel Spreadsheet?
A good graphics card?
How do you save a file from mac as a pdf?
Web hosting and domain question!?
I'm not understanding how to do this C++ code, can someone help me?
My laptop won't connect to the internet, need help :)?
Good Graphics card from gaming computer?
Do you have a Card Reader driver installed in your laptop?
how to use my ATX power supply, 220V, I have 120V outlets?
which course is best to get inside the technical domain like development?
Why can't I download WinRar or Winzip?
Software for Multi Color Led Sign?
I just updated Java and now pinochle will not play for security reasons...how can I change this?
My security settings no longer allow me to open up the Yahoo games. Why and how do I stop this from happening?
will it harm my printer scanner to scan a metal picture?
Why youtube blocks my video?
Why is my YouTube upload speed so slow?
Keep getting confirmation of order from amazon but I haven't ordered anything?
Can you name websites which offers me virus free top quality songs for free?
can i run these games on my laptop?
software for high compression?
Graphics card for a 400w power supply?
How do I resent the default settings on Mac version of Word?
How often do programmers have to program games?
How to access BIOS of a Windows 8.1 Dell Tablet?
Why, When Before I Turned This Laptop Computer Off?
If I delete the Google Drive files found in my Finder, where will they go?
Can bt find out what websites i have been on?
Visual Basic 6 \Risk Game\ application code?
how can i close the wifi directly in the modem?
Boot laptop from a usb?
What is this video talking about?
Why is Youtube playing the video audio when I'm not playing the video?
How to resolve this with my neighbors?
Best gaming / professional laptop for Under 1300$?
Is this a good modem/router for my home?
Will Windows Easy Transfer work if I transfer from Windows 7 32-bit to Windows 8 64-bit?
can you download school assighnments on a source tablet?
how can i remove the ads?
How To Get Better? As in Big. Famous. Amazing.?
Which processor is better: Intel Core i5 3230M with Intel HD 4000 graphics or AMD E1-1500 with HD 7310 GPU?
Downthemall just stopped working?
how do I restore my computer?
Getting back to the basics: Screenplays?
Seems like my htc hd7 cannot search and install facebook. it always says page not found and tells about dns dn?
How can i set up a lan network and ip address on window 8 pc?
Anything wrong with using VMware Workstation on Windows 7 to run a series of dedicated virtual severs?
Where to find Hard programming examples?
Music editing software?
help choosing best printer?
for two days I cant logged in my E-MAIL PLEASE HELP!?
Did I just hand over my security details to someone?
How can I run multiple dedicated virtual servers off a single external IP address?
running 2 graphic cards at same time?
Auto Sign in & Sign off?
What kind of traffic will my dedicated Ubuntu server w/ 4GB RAM & E8400 Core 2 Duo support?
I get this ad when surfing on Torch and Chrome, how do I get rid of it?
What is my ip address, gateway, netmask, dns1 and dns2?
Please tell me a software for voice changing ?
Can my laptop run HoN properly?
What in microsoft excel 2010 removes cells, rows, and columns from a spreadsheet? WHAT IS THE WORD FOR THIS?
How would a VM access the internet or outside resources?
Why does my google.com homepage turn into google chrome and then my searches always say 'cannot find'?
can someone photoshop this for me?
how can I get more youtube subscribers & Views?
what in microsoft excel 2010 removes cells, rows, and columns from a spreadsheet?
Slow internet or...!?
A query about Facebook account deactivation?
I have two directories in my laptop,ie c: and d: as the capacity in c: is less can I merge these into one ie c?
Repair TV's MAC Address?
Is this a scam, because it seems cheap compared to other software?
I'm upgrading my graphics card?
When I watch a Youtube video in firefox it will not play it again unless I reload the page. What's wrong?
Is it true that electronic parts have seperate lifespan, please read additional details for more info.?
Can't access sites?
Will this graphics card fit in this motherboard and this motherboard in this case?
Like Android Play Store, Which is the portal for Windows Desk Top Application?
I need a cheap database software for Macbook Pro?
is my laptop good for gaming?
How do you get a video deleted off youtube?
AMD Kaveri availability in India?
Windows 2003 Server - Where did my deleted documents go?
microsoft office 2007 how do i delete a blank page?
Hi,My processor is Intel Celeron 1.80Ghz and i have 3GB RAM and 2303 MB nVidia 210 Graphic Card.?
To view any applications coding.?
I have a godaddy domain,and a blogger account, do i need to pay for Godaddy Hosting?
What better Avast antivirus or Vindos esenshen?
How does dc++ works? And how does it have it give such a high downloading speed?
How do I fix my eye dropper in Adobe Photoshop CS6?
anyone good with HTML codes?
Question on Programming Language Demand?
names of all database technologies in the globe?
What is the best free Wordpress Plugin for autoposting new blog posts to both Facebook AND Twitter?
I cant open my backup files?
Any solutions for e driver problem?
I want to buy dayz but not if my pc cant run it please help...?
can you turn off/on wifi?
Can anyone tell me the exact price of Samsung NP550P5C-S01IN in India ?
I think someone is watching me on my webcam... Please help?
My parents installed KGB employee monitor. How can I pause it ?
how can i change the language on screen keyboard?
how can i change the language on screen keyboard?
Why wont my adobe after effects play my mic in the preview?
Does formatting a memory card or pendrive causes any harm of its functionality?
SQL Server for advanced and beginners?
If I got an sms with a verification code does that mean someone tried to hack my account?
is it illegal to hack someone Facebook?
How to unlock all exe files ?
I have an assignment in Computer Science AP to make a number triangle in java, eclipse.?
What's the difference between Mobogenie and Google Play?
How to solve programs java.?
Is the site FECOAC legit ?
Is the site FECOAC legit ?
is it illegal to hack someone Facebook?
if my computer can run minecraft can it run dayz?
What is half-duplex ethernet and how does it work?
Windows 7 Icon Problem..?
Easy to use music software for DnB?
Is there anyway to get back pictures which have deleted by laptop due to format?
Catalyst Control Center not opening! Please Help! :)?
What should I make my youtube video about?
help me out with the best PSU and UPS for my system?
Can I use my old HDD?
Alienware 18 or Mac? I game on my PC, but want a Mac for its software, and now i cant decide... help please!?
Is there an assembly language equivalent to GPU's?
I know this is a dumb question. But is it possible to update my lumia 900 windows 7.5 phone to windows 8?
I need help for CPU and graphic cards buying?
how to fix it - i forget my computer password?
Why is class called objectfactory in java?
WhatsApp not working on Nokia E63 handset?
How do you record off a 3ds?
How to block message with LM DM etc. extensions?
I want buy laptop for use sound and animtions softwer .its better amd and intel prosseser ?
Youtube view counts for popular video?
I have an toshiba tv and when he start to work it write with text welcome to our hotel what can i do?
what hardware should i change, to get an 3D graphic?
3d function of my Adobe Photoshop CC is disabled, how can i enable it?
How to make gears using the 2D design software?
How is Facebook better and safer than MySpace?
My HP laptop's screen suddenly went dim! what can i do to fix it?
can i join your ngo for work with you?
No internet connection?
My photos/likes/about/etc sections disappeared after joining the Facebook Graph Search waitinglist.How to undo?
Excel formula to pull data from another sheet?
Which hosting sites supporting for host .tk site ?
My 3ds won't connect to my internet?
I need a value summation program like excel.?
How do i find the radius of a circle in c# ?
I want to buy a domain from best domain provider?
When i play youtube or online videos on my laptop, i can hear the sound but the video doesnt work?
How to remove shortcut virus from my PC?
I have a air book mac and i was wondering what i needed to be able to connect it to m TV screen?
is the message sent locator on facebook true?
Windows 8 and 8.1 Questions.?
I want to quit facebook for good!!?
why do \asmrtists\ on youtube ask for donations?
I need some software that I can use to design and quote C Section, portal frame, steel buildings.?
how to delete the questions which i asked in yahoo answer?
How I change keyboard control in FIFA 13?
What's the difference between Computer Science faculty and Computers and Information Technology?
in my Facebook wall all i see is pages requests to like it, can someone tell me how to fix it?
How can i scan over Network?
My laptop occasionally loses internet, doesn't shut down properly...?
How to choose a HDD which would fit into my notebook?
my computer keeps adding hours and hours of updates?
My brand new Samsung dvd drive burns very slow?
command prompt ( admin ) keeps crashing !?
BLOGS vs FORUMS|||| 10 points - best answer |||?
Where can i find some royalty free music for use on twitch/youtube?
Best Keywords which matches our core competence (web/ios/android/ecommerce dev)?
Skipping Assembly for C acceptable?
Why did my computer create a new partition all by itself?
How can I disable \People You May Know\ option on FaceBook?
how to translate to assembly such C code?
Any ideas??? For a username?
Are Galaxy Phone Sizes the Same Between Countries?
my family wants to lead my internet cable from the outside into my window to my computer is this a bad idea?
any ADDMEFAST trick working?? plz help anyone..?
How to setup VPN connection in my Dlink router?
Username need help!!!?
where can I download a legal version of Adobe Master suite 5?
How to slove MySQL queries?
Google chrome isn't woking !! Please help?
I just know html and little bit of javascript, so is it possible for me to start a website? and earn?
JavaScript: Name, ID, Value?
How can I contact Google for problems with my account?
please help...shell scripting...?
related to computer's dgree in harvard?
Is there a more conservative search engine other than Yahoo or Google?
Dell inspiron or HP pavilion? Please tell . Thanks?
Dell inspiron 3521 or HP pavilion 15, please suggest me , thanks?
what graphics best suitable for intel core i5-3450?
can i possibly extend my network in less than kilometer away?
i have sunsung note 2 . i seen all my friend phone update with 4.3 anriod . why my phone is not.?
how to charge a new tablet?
i am looking for a teacher who can teach me \wordpress\ & php.?
Learning Java 6 or 7?
I am using lumia 520 and whenever I turn on data connection in it, within 10 secs about 1000kb get used up?
how to connect 2 computers using 2 way ethernet cable?
Where can I download a full episode of american dad from?
how do you transfer photos on a samsung 10.1 tablet to an external memory card.?
Need help with my graphics card overclocking situation ASAP?
examples of real data in i.c.t?
When I use my computer this week. My mouse frozen all the time.anybody can help this problem?
How to add contacts from Facebook to snapchat?
Is anybody else relieved that Winamp was saved?
Upload softwares to my website?
Simple C# programming problem?
I tried importing my photos from my phone to my computer using the USB Cable/ a wire.... while I was importing?
Conflicting IP Address. Could someone be hacking into my computer?
Computer really slow on recently opened programs?
is there any good, easy, free dubstep links i can use please ?
which one is better and more realible?
Where can i download windows 7 compatiable intel graphics controller?
How do I compare two columns of data in Excel 365?
i have a laptop with 4gb ram i3 2core processer with2.5 GHz what games can i run on it with an?
Is there a way to get video for my tv to my laptop?
How facebook page works? Which is better to popular my products Facebook page likes (paid) or google adwrods?
Why My Apps On Win 8 Don't Work?
How to remove page on Google which includes mobile no?
DBAN running real slow. Help?
About java , java is a high level programming language or it's a mid level programming language .?
i cant rid of the narrator on windows 8?
Afforadable option for a security camera to record atleast 8 hours and connects to computer?
Which windows 8.1 is good to install? Professional of Enterprise?
i have a google chrome book but i cant figure out how to open my google apps. it shows that they are install?
What is 3D Printing and how is it Different from Rapid Prototyping?
Gta v keeps loading on the first screen after downloading the update 1.09 . Please help?
How to stop porn siites from popping up suddenly?
Which one printer is best in range of 10000 epson s210 or canon or brothers?
i have a laptop with 4gb ram i3 2core processer with2.5 GHz what games can i run on it?
Mmx canvas hd i wanna ask that my phone switches meeting profile to general whenever i attend or make a call?
What does \looking for a CM\ mean when listed in a CL casual encounters ad?
IP ADDRESS QUESTION….CAN SOMEONE FIND WHERE I LIVE?
Im makig a yagi uda wifi antenna, will it work with my tp-link tl-wn722n?
What are the ways to get referral traffic to a dentist site?
How to Write Hand Over Notes For iT Administrator?
Decent gaming PC for approx £850?
Is this considered to be an Nvidia graphics card?
Networking Garden Shed?
Is my internet speed fast enough for gaming, streaming live, movies?
I print a document from Microsoft Word, drop caps are missing on the paper, why?
My friend tell me there is a software to run game fast on 4gb ram and 4 gb graphic?
Help digitally signing a pdf file in adobe reader?
I downloaded a file but i need my IP address activation key to run that file, what i supposed to do?
How do people make their backgrounds like this on Google Plus?
Are there any monitors that have more than 144hz?
How to run call of duty ghosts fast on 4gb ram is there is a way to run fast?
How to run call of duty ghosts fast on 4gb ram is there is a way to run fast?
why Motherboard do not initialise Graphic card?
How to get my IP address activation key??? Please answer?
I'm planning to format my phone, will the synced photos in Facebook be deleted?
Help with my sony laptop?
RAM is this compatible?
What technologies and products to integrate SCM systems?
How to disable notifications for others...?
how do i start a coversation with a stranger on facebook without sounding like a stalker?
Am I link farming? (10 Points)?
Everyone with a little knowledge with graphics card .. plzz help?
Is there any java library for ls-svm, logic and linear regression?
How to import live xml feed into Wordpress?
i have a computer test in two days and i am supposed to learn 28c++ programs ...?
Looking for music app suggestions for iOS ..?
How can I upgrade the Server?
Can I Change my Motherboard and keep my version of Windows 8.1?
What is the best Facebook Flash Video Downloader?
Is there a way to recover deleted files from a flashdrive?
i know you cant delete internet explorer,?
Windows Script for power settings.?
learn what programminglanguage?
Gateway GT Series Boot Problem?
Sub Domain Hosting on diff IP?
Java Update Installation Failure Help?
in our college there is net facility but its only available on browsers but not on apps how to root it?
What does google+ do on youtube?
List the word processor, spread-sheet, presentation data-base for Linux OS and Mac OS?
Will they come out with a antivirus or internet security for Microsoft surface Rt?
My PC Specs; Any Advice?
How to use SIM card on Dell latitude E6410 IN THE IRAN? ?
Can I replace an HP Envy 14 ATI radeon 5650 graphic card?
Why isn't adblock plus working for Youtube and Daily Motion?
How to create a new partiton in my pen drive with Windows 7 opearating system?
Windows xp is going defunct April 8th, No more updates. Are you prepared?
Is Norton internet security and antivirus better then any free ones?
Steam big picture, display device 0 bytes, terrible performance.?
Is there any free antivirus or internet security that's better then norton?
Upgrading a windows edition?
Blackmail in youtube?
Can Storage be increased with the use of external memory of Iphone 4s?
My Satelite A 200 -123 lap top some time Not started, but some time run smoothly.?
Blackmail in youtube?
Blackmail in youtube?
Blackmail in youtube?
institute for ccna,ccnp security and respective fees?
Suggest TV TUNER for my laptop?
fee of ccna security?
how to update xfx radeon hd 6570 2gb ?
Blackmail in youtube?
Anyone knows where i can download apps on iphone 4 instead of the apple store?
laptop issues! help please?
Windows server administrator vs php Developer....Which is suitable for stability and for growth?
I am getting asked permission for java updates with a unknown publisher. file under users/user/local etc.help?
Is it safe to sell my laptop if im getting paid through western union?
how to add a montage image in wikipedia?
Best domain provider and buy affordable domains ... ?
Files are not downloading in uc browser?
Why my phone does not play u tube?
Can you find this video for me?
Need windows 7 disc to boot up but still runs off my HDD once booted?
Starting or booting windows XP/7 from cd/DVD drive.?
is there a command I can type from my command promt that can reset or power cycle my router or turn off wifi?
My acer can't share wifi with my mac?
How to flash original stock rom?
http://l.yimg.com/tr/...ask_is_*_o_d20618.is[yui.add]invoking y use ( m?
HOW CAN I BROADEN MY FACEBOOK PAGE?
internet hosting ...??
windows server administrator vs php Developer....Which is suitable for stability and for growth?
Internet speed/modem/router question?
Well, should I format U disk at first or recover data at first?
Problem in my Computer? It sounds Drrrrrrrr Drrrrrrrrr .?
HELP WITH HTML forms?
How do I wipe my computer clean without having the Windows 7 CD to reinstall the operating system?
My iPhone wont restore?
how can i find a song on youtube using a portion of that song?
Touch Screen is not working anymore ( Windows 8.1 )?
How do I remove a photo from a Facebook page that isn't mine?
Please check my C++ code? Since it is not working well. What are the errors in it?
What are some good youtube video channels for short funny videos?
when facebook open its 1st data center ??
Ok so need help with windows to iPhone.?
Can Office 365 Home premium be used in my Company?
After saving a file in JPEG format in Adobe Photoshop 7.0 when I am opening the JPEG it gives no preview, why?
After saving a file in JPEG format in Adobe Photoshop 7.0 when I am opening the JPEG it gives no preview, why?
Building A Gaming PC Need Help?
what is remote desktop connection?
font not right in internet explorer but others ok?
proxy without the word proxy?
Laptop is slow during switching between tabs.?
Does Microsoft Security Essentials completely remove all trojans, hackers etc?
which is best 100% free cam to cam chat ?
need to strengthen wifi signal?
new video card, GeForce GTX 650...getting blue screen of death?
Cant upload my photos online?
Excel: Is there a formula to change format \General\ to \Date\?
How can I avoid my Surface Pro from overheating?
Is an App a Good Idea For Business ?
I have some doubts about my blank DVD 9 Disc?
Are my Laptop specs bad?
how to opreating Free create volume with partition magic?
What is your opinion of this video?
How to convert to DVI with VGA monitors?
2nd account with 2nd pre-bought modem through Comcast internet service, is it possible?
On this video, what song is this?
How much does it cost to 3D print?
I cant connect to some websites?
College suggestions for web developing/design?
How to download Dailymotion videos using android? Is there any apps?
I posed for a picture on omegle, could they use that for something bad ?
Bluetooth software clash; any solutions?
what is wordpress hosting?
How do computer scams start?
Please help me with my Java exercise :(( (Arrays)?
Help answer this problem with my laptop?
What shall I do in order to keep a digital video copy instead of Bluray disk on my mac?
Help writing a computer program?
What is meant by input and output manipulators in C++?
We all have this, we all use this, and it's free.......What is it?
I there a website like keepvid?
Dont know what to do if my num not a podium?
My computer won't let me long into my account.?
how do I add a redirect page on Tumblr?
windows 7 not detecting internet connection?
I want to check my account balance sbi?
Are all virus threats genuine threats?
help with slave driver on pc ?
slamed tablet on table cracked screen lines going. down screen n white background?
What is that possible my ipad 4 should stop work at the moment?
Is it annoying if I use scenery photos as a background to my Power Point slides?
what is the difference between a syntax error and a parsing error?
whats wrong with my internet?
What does Lpc mean on Facebook?
What are some good youtube video channels for short funny videos in Hindi?
5616/182 in simplest form?
should i make a gaming computer or buy one?
Can I over clock well or not?
Trouble copying from yp.com?
What will happen if you block someone on Skype?
Which soundcard on a pc is better for music production?
Replace Ubuntu 13.10 with 12.04 LTS?
What software will allow me to create a workable game board?
C++ Programming Language?
how to increase the response speed of my laptop?
EASY WAY TO ORANIZE PHOTOS?
What to do to stop youtube asking me \Use youtube as...\ every time I sign in?
how can i recover a password for a torrent encrypted file?
Did you like the IOS 7.0.4 update?
how to crop a song in movie maker?
why security setting block ygameapplet?
how to fix http 404 not found error?
What is the approximate time needed by any computer to perform 2^64 operations ?
how the content [aij] can be explained by pointer concept?
is there a way to see who is viewing my Facebook profile?
for Those who know c# ??
Facebook is affecting my life?
i have one ua40d5003br led tv but it has only hdmi port which i want to use as monitor .so how i can connect?
how do i get into a locked laptop ?
Facebook Picture Posting?
Built in webcam won't take facebook photo?
i have a dell areo phone in its saying searching sim card its been like this for two days?
What's the point of putting you signature as an admin on a Facebook page?
is there a Wordpress application form plugin?
Where can i get some cool cover photos for girls for my timeline?
What is the best/most profitable binary option signals?
Need pdf version changer?
Can someone be blocked on Tumblr?
Need help getting into PC or changing PW.No flash drive or floppy?
Can my CPU overclock well or not?
Is a gtx 770 going to fit in my case?
How to remove a password from a program?
Where should a network monitor go?
cant hear sound from windows7 but able to hear form windowsxp..dono help me plz?
i forgot my apple id and want to make a new one but keep my music?
Where can I download Internet Explorer 11?
Facebook app not loading videos?
Can i return something to newegg?
Can I replace my cracked up 7\ tablet screen with a smaller but still working Android Smart Phone screen?
printer spooler service not runing?
What, exactly, is True Image for?
where can i buy volcano box (mobile tech hardware) in India? Which online shop sells it?
i mistakenly reported a friends chat talk on facebook as?
Username advice, quickly please?!?
How do i sync my nextbook Premium 8 se with my printer?
Help! Macbook: black box appeared, with text or html?
I got a new computer need help?
How does FPse work? / How do I open roms with .7z.crdownload extensions?
How much data does Minecraft use?
Will this graphics card and PSU work?
I need a cord or something that I can connect my laptop to my really old TV?
my computer still lags even with 3.5 gb of ram any reasons why?
how to download videos with flashget download manager ?
Is the Internet a giant waste of time?
What's the acceptable amount of photos to post on Instagram?
i want to upload an audio file in youtube but .mp3 is not allowed...how can i convert audio- vid?
what are some good books about algorithm?
how do I unblock facebook on a computer?
Pendrive shows that its write-protected?
In C++, check if user entered a string or a double?
If you read a Facebook message from your email will it still show up as seen?
If I uninstall Mcafee Security Scan Plus under Control Panel/Uninstall, is that adequate?
Why does my computer keep blue screen crashing?
What do u think about my videos ? please?
why is app blocked by security settings?
Would this be a bottleneck?
i need help with laptops?
How to make a really slow laptop faster?
How do I delete things from Craigslist?
Any suggestion for programming on the go?
Do you know this youtube channel?
where can I find VGA ?
Can I run games at high in this laptop?
can you learn autocad on your own?
When I try to print papers from scanning, the printer will scan and stop and scan and stop...?
How long until we can 3D print the latest gadget?
Computer is thinking and making noise?!?
Can you open an OpenOffice Impress slideshow on Powerpoint?
how to bring back my hacked account on facebook?
Using two computers processors as one?
Does the Comcast service worker usually come fast?
How to create a secure facebook account?
Bitstrips error 2032?
Having trouble with a text analyzer in Java?
What are alternative sites for facebook ?
Having trouble with a text analyzer in Java?
My Internet is being slow and I'm only on 1 site?
Amozon shopping help?
avi. to mp4. quality loss?
Why are there some Youtube comments that you cant respond to?
I keep getting an error message that says that my security isn't allowing me to open a pinochle room?
recover files from macbook air no boot os to pc?
what's the difference between wifi and wireless internet? what i mean is that i used to have wireless?
Problem while on batteries!?
Can I run arma 3 on low-medium settings with this PC setup?
Bullet animation in powerpoint for a mac?
Why is google map on my phone doing this?
How to make my processor card run at a higher Ghz?
I need to ost to pst converter?
Getting past firewalls on iPod touch apps (at school)?
Can windows 8 runs windows xp apps , sorry if i have not try this before .?
SSD and HDD partition Question?
Is this a spam thing or what? I have no idea.?
I want to buy a PC for gaming purpose under 30000 rs?
Can someone please explain what a graphics card is?
How to add a constructor for a hand of cards?
Which anti virus should I use?
Will i be able to stream 1080p?
Write a Java application that finds the total and average of odd numbers from 1 to 15.?
HOW TO MAKE WINDOWS XP INTO A MAC?
is it a good idea to make a youtube channel while im still in high school?
My cursor is moving by itself and randomly clicking things?
Will this combo work?
Will this be a good gaming pc?
Is my youtube channel any good?
How can i get my keyboard fixed?
How to make a working OR Gate & AND Gate modle?
Deleting backed-up files?
How do i change my name on gmail? (2014)?
whats the longest it took you to receive something on Ebay?
How to Hide your location?
Why can't any computers on my home network connect to any gaming networks?
router antennas foes it matter where they are?
Is there a way to check how much computer time is left on a mac?
Can I play Japanese imported CDs on my Australian computer?
ati raedon hd 5670 will it be good?
ati raedon hd 5670 will it be good?
How do I get Google Chrome to access link?
Hello...does anyone has an effective solution to the problem below?
Will this combination of CPU and GPU work?
How can I stop my computer from making a loud dinging sound?
how to change keyboard function ?such as shift to spacebar?
Can you take put the memory of a Desktop computer and put it to a new one?
What are these pink lines on my computer and how can I get rid of them EASILY?
Windows 7 installation ISO file?
The access to the Internet is denied without even asking me for the password?
Can I use any NVIDIA GeForce graphics card with my desktop?
Headset mic wont work?
Steam Download Speeds?
Why won't my video play in Windows media player?
Home Network Issues PC/Wifi/Switcher?
Can you put a hard drive from one optiplex into another?
Hiring professional video editor?
is it possible to find out who google +1 your google page?
Confused about Twitter follow suggestions?
Alarming black box appeared on computer saying \files download\ and left, Virus ???
Any one know what happened to Grooveshark, it seems to have gone bye bye?
Can I attach a new internet router to an att uverse router?
Firefox doesn't respond to certain sites?
What ATX motherboards can I crossfire 2 GPUs with?
how can i see who Snapchats me?
sublimation or pigment ink transfers?
Conditional Formatting help?
Is cryengine 3 3.5+ support directx 9&10?
Conditional Formatting help?
How do I wipe my acer aspire after system recovery did no completely load?
Have any address to see bangladeshi channel on mobile 2g network?
Youtube background music?
Is my youtube channel good? also what is a youtube partner?
Cpu heatsink uneven latches?
How to space out words evenly in a paragraph in Microsoft Word?
How can I prolong the life of my macbook pro?
Pros and cons of TCP and UDP?
What's A Good YouTube Gaming Network?
MS office word program question about stretching lines?
What is the output of this code?
what are some free, virus free, alternatives to mircrosoft word?
create single .exe file for extremely simple visual basic project?
How do i resize an array in C?
My speakers are not giving out sound?
Can somebody spy on me by installing Realtek PCIE Card Reader on my laptop?
What is my laptop doing, the green light blinks all the time like its accessing the hard drive?
can any Wifi router work with my internet modem?
How To Break Out Of Loops In C?
Why does my computer always freeze when I Google real life Disney princes?
how do you convert 7 654/1000 into decimal?
I dont know the answer to my security question?
There was a music video on YouTube?
Lenovo IdeaPad Y510P Battery Life?
I dont know the answer to my security question?
Alienware not showing on tv?
Computer crashes if I add more than 6GB RAM?
How long does it take before an instagram account is removed?
Free video animation software?
help i want to but phohtoshop cs6!!!!!!?
Will my laptop be obsolete in the next 4 years?
where can i find the java download?
fb question need answer please?
Why is computer clock going backward?
Custom Player for Embedded Online Video?
Where is the BIOS update to HP B5Y67AV?
Why is my computer's internet connection bad?
Voice changer for the PC?
HTM background image!!!?
how do i deactivate my facebook acount?
Can anything done about dad hacking email?
I can't think of a sassy comeback?
cant upload video or add attachment?
Can someone unblock when they blocked?
netgear r7000 wifi router?
Who is the publisher of this website and is it credible?
How to get tumblr followers?
Hello guys, I've made a server and my friends can't connect to it. what do I do?
Help With Network and Ethernet Drivers?
Why wont my youtube channel show up in search on youtube?
Need help in choosing Headphones?
is my internet slow or fast?
What tasks does a network engineer do day to day?
msn help please, specific folder transfers?
how much data will torrenting take out of my data cap?
How do you code a background like this? Or how was it made?
Twitter users: Please use your twitter knowledge to help me out..I'm freaking out!!?
Laptop to TV Resolution problems.?
How can the Hashmap in java be used?
Looking to upgrade my Graphics Card?
help with beginner coding?
0800 and 0806 Type codes?
HELP PLEASE ITS DRIVING ME CRAZY?
Why cannot my G-son get e-mails on his PC?
Java App Error Security Exception help?
Computer geniuses I need your help.?
Can I reset the line placement in FileReader in Java netBeans? Also, can I alter default classes like Scanner.?
alcatel one touch idol mini problem ?
How to change default storage?
What do you call a person who designs computer programs?
Are there any forums powered in Java?
I try freeing disk space but it only takes up more space!?
Will my built in ATI Radeon HD 4200 support duel monitors?
How to change Monitor 2 to Monitor 1?
Graphics card better than Sapphire r9 270x for the same price?
Netgear wireless adapter..?
Good gaming Desktop/Laptop for less than $600?
How to use PHP to save a client uploaded photo?
What laptop should i go with?
Hello, on the Internet?
Problem installing Windows 7 on my computer?
Help!!!! my facebook account has been disabled for....?
Is this computer good at running Skyrim?
Google chrome only loading cetain pages?
can you install different country cd to ur american computer?
can i monetize a documentary on youtube?
Is avast the best free security or is there any better?
Problem Installing Virtual Machine on Windows XP. Help?
Which picture should I choose for a profile picture on FB?
Restore computer to factory Condition?
My Brother Touchscreen Printer is stuck on the printing screen.?
Downloaded new version of Java, Now Yahoo games applet won't open, What Gives?
why can't you replay videos on youtube?
What's the most effective way to wipe a hard drive WITHOUT deleting the OS on a PC?
Why can't i use this certain ram with my motherboard?
why does my facebook wall post keep disappearing when I post on my friends wall?
in excel (or open office calc) can i set a cell to show a certain value based on the input of another cell?
Extremely annoying wifi troubles?
What is do Macs run instead of how Windows run a .exe?
what are some reasons why my boyfriend wont give me his facebook stuff?
How to trim a midi file to three minutes?
How to remove \- Blogger\ from title ?
HTML coding question?
My WiFi won't authenticate..?
Free internet security and free antivirus?
How to remove - Blogger from title ?
My Nvidia Gtx 760 won't display on my acer desktop?
I NEED A NEW GRAPHICS CARD?
What is the fastest way to move pictures from 1 laptop to another?
whats austin's facebook password?
guys I got toshiba a300 laptop and the problem that my touchpad is recognized as ps/2 mouse?
Can i create more than one facebook page using just one facebook account?
How do I use my smart tv as a computer monitor?
PS vita or 3DS??????????????
getting internet where do they go in the basement or attic?
What order is the Facebook chat list when chat is turned off?
can someone provide step by step directions as to how to make a php script work on google sites?
Need help with compatibility?
Is the Surface Tablet good.?
I tried to access someone's fb acocunt?
Anyone needs an Admin ?
Excel 2011 Mac Macro to insert single row below when data entered into certain cell?
Acer aspire 7741Z Recovery help!?
Why is nothing on my new HP 2000 Notebook PC Windows 8 Working Right?
Processor advice, buying a new laptop?
come fare la foto allo screenshot su Sony Ericcson Xperia R800i (Xperia Play)?
what printer should I buy?
How can someone online find out where you livE?
Which laptop should i choose between those?
Whats a better processor/laptop?
Facebook how when you write a status ?
what is the best desktop pc to get for fsx?
My laptop is 64bit 4gb ram but i chose 2gb ram accidently, how do you change to 4gb ram?
How do I change my news feed notifications to friends only and not friends of friends on facebook?
Websites like myspace?
How to view my profile on myspace?
Gaming Computer? Help?
i need help with computer ideas?
problem with Microsoft word 2010?
When uploading photos to Facebook newsfeed only the top half of the photo shows. How upload the full photo?
how to ad two halved on an integer in java?
Will this computer run Skyrim on decent settings?
How do I set up a page on facebook?
If I export contacts from Outlook 2007 to my computer will it delete them out of Outlook?
Why am I still getting messages via whatsapp?
Is the Microsoft 600 keyboard good for gaming?
Which i should buy? Macbook pro or macbook air?
How u get wireless internet on Dell Laptop?
What is the Tumblr Dashboard Background Color Now?
How much would a 2010 macbook pro cost if I sell it online?
How Can I See All of My Facebook Activity?
Is this a good, cheap gaming computer?
Help me choose a graphics card please?
Whats that one video...?
Is the website www.thedressonline.com safe to order from?
What is the most viewed YoutTube Video of 2013?
Did I win $1,000. Fr. Pch searching?
help me access microsoft word 2010 documents?
why doesn't my facebook get messages?
Can someone tell if you copy and paste their profile pic on facebook or if u save it somewhere on your device?
Need help with a java project, willing to pay?
Macbook Pro 13\ or 15\ for college?
Good instagram usernames?
My computer is starting to get slow, and I only bought it 5 months ago?
which of these 2 motherboards is the best?
Is there any Video Player for computer like the one in the Android Jellybean or Easy Video Player?
why does youtube say \Sorry, the channel URL you selected is not available\ but when...?
How do I block specific websites on Mac?
Where can I download an old version of Print Shop Deluxe III ?
how to build an 8 bit computer?
Is this a good computer build?
Why is my GtX 760 card crashing?
why can't I install any app on my ipad air via tongbu?
My score on hot or not?
whats wrong with my tablet?
Looking for printer for Heat transfers?
Is this a good buget gaming pc build?
Just bought Microsoft Office....?
can someone tell me how to indent paragraphs, number pages, and set the margins in word?
What are the most popular apps of 2013?
Gmail \Delivery to the following recipient failed permanently\?
Should I just insert my mom's credit card number in iTunes?
why wont my desktop register my tv as a monitor?
How do I fix this problem with Logic Pro X?
how do i go from Windows 8.1 back to windows 7?
Best air cooler for Intel Ivy Bridge 4930k CPU?
is digisoftstore.com safe/legit?
I downloaded the XBOX controller for windows driver but it won't install the driver?
Wifi/router internet help?
How do I make a computer?
Connecting a router to a modem with a router built in?
Why cant i run games fast on my computer?
How do I reformat the size of my computer screen?
How much does it cost to get a laptop fan replaced?
Html5 / Css tutorials?
what are some good Photoshop softwares?
Why do some websites not correctly show up?
YouTube video ideas??
Why doesn't facebook want you to have too many friends ?
Two technicians here from Comcast, 30 mins after they leave internet dies?
What is going on with my internet?
Is there a way to get Microsoft Word to stop this?
Best Video Editing Software Lag Free?
Can anyone Help with AVG?
Facebook chat - can I see who's on?
What is a good motherboard for gaming and or overclocking?
has Monova.org been removed from the net?
I hve a few basic questions about Programming/Coding?
What laptop did you have while in university?
If my laptop fan is dying can I just use a cooling pad instead of replacing the fan?
What laptop did you have while in university?
Which coding language should I use?
Is 1GB RAM enough for a desktop?
A good graphics card for my Desktop?
Is it worth going back to Windows 98SE when they kill off xp?
How can i get microsoft office for free?
how do i defrag my windows 8 laptop?
Satta matka help line & lyf line...contact us?
Why would someone who u thought like u unread facebook message?
Is it Spyware or a Hacker?
My Wi-Fi is not working on my iPhone 5c?
Visual Basic Coding Help?!?
Are there any apps like facebook for the iphone?
a disk read error occured ctrl+alt+ del will not go away?
Is this laptop enough for gaming ?
Macbook Air Linux Wifi problem?
Better laptop for gaming? Which one? Same price?
Hitcounter for my blog claims \local host\ visited.?
Can my S4 get a virus from the Internet?
is it right to let my girlfriend use my facebook but now i feel like i cant do anything on it anymore?
What laptop brand is good for gaming and reliability?
What laptop video card will I need for this?
I have a wnr1000 router. I think someone hacked into it.?
what is tcp/ip in networking?
Any Duolingo users out there?
Folder Disappeared in Chrome Favorites?
How can i sync two gmail accounts?
Free antivirus that won't slow down computer?
If you drop your tablet on a soft surface from 1 meter high is it going to slow down your tablet performance?
How do i link my laptop to my smart tv?
What are some letters or characters you can't see on Instagram?
VIRUS HELP. Antivirus software cant stop it.?
Microsoft Office Powerpoint?
what are the technology benefits of cast hub?
How to create Wifi network from my laptop and use that on mobile to surf internet?
can people see if i create a facebook page? 10 points!?
My computer shuts down when Windows open ?
Help with beginning MATLAB coding?
What's wrong with my computer?
Should I trust these sellers?
Computer nerds, please help me?
facebook group not loading?
Will a Wireless router receive a wireless connection ?
What is the cost of autocad 2d design?
Too many Facebook Likes from networking guy?
Help with Vostro 200 Slim?
When I renew DHCP on my router it starts also TeamViewer.?
My iPhone keeps looping?
My laptop HP pavilion was working and now not?
Is this a good computer for low end gaming?
C++ Trouble: Empty Parameters being Passed?
VPN confusion? What do I put for the credentials?
php - how to detect if a text field has changed?
recommendations about my research?
What's a good and cheap laptop for this?
How can I execute plsql code from a html button using an Oracle db?
Is there way to find the date stamp of the photo of when it was actually taken ?
Can I have a laptop in my car?
My tablet ha a password, no one seems to know what it is; how can I access my tablet?
How do i add a picture to my background on facebook?
Will I get in trouble for uploading part of a show to youtube?
Visual Basic 6 (problem with an exercise) fast please!!!!?
Sudden Drop in Graphic Speed?
How many bytes in 1 kilobyte?
How do I remove supperfish from my computer?
How do I get rid of a block from pages on Facebook?
Is it true that drivers directly control devices?
I have a sideways Movie Maker video?
Should I bring my laptop to school!?!?!?
Programming languages learning progression after Java?
When you estimate power supply (watts) required for all hardware in your computer...?
what is the cheapest on-the-go internet for laptops ?
Is there a way to have expanding/collapsing sections of text in Microsoft Word?
Wndows 7 Error status: Oxc000014C?
Google won't display all results..?
I just bought a new laptop. How do I get my ITunes from my old laptop to my new one?
What is the best video slideshow software/site/app?
about the laptop webcam?
Computer won't go past start up cycle?
Windows failed to load because the system registry file is missing or corrupt. Status:Oxc000014C?
Does anyone what this girl's username on any streaming site is?
What is a good laptop?
how do i take the password off my Mikrotik router?
Internet radio stops streaming when the screensaver comes up. What setting must I change?
is pc3-12800 ram compatible with pc3-10600 motherboard ?
Will old games be able to \stretch\ on an 18 inch screen?
Why can't my computer play videos?
What can I use to make anti static floor for computer repair?
Is Intel HD 4400 Graphics on a laptop sufficient for homework and 1080P video streaming?
Is there any website in which I can download Adobe Flash CS5?
Can a dlink wireless network camera be set up without physical access to the router?
Why isn't my access code for mymathlab not valid for 2 semesters but my masteringchemistry one is?
Too many facebook likes?
Have I been hacked through my wifi router?
Posting pictures without my permission?
is dts connect the same thing as dolby digital live and when you play a pc game you can chose either dolby dig?
State of Decay cpu usage problem!!! \REALLY MAD\?
Will I still be using retina display if I use windows on my Mac?
can msi gtx 680 handle 2.5K video editing?
Is it better to use the HDMI on my gpu or DVI?
HELP with blogger template/layout please?
computer says 'power save enabled'?
Will everything plug in to my motherboard?
How good is this computer for gaming?
Paint Shop Pro 7 knowledge?
Toshiba Satellite C850-19Z Fan stopped?
How can I tell what is wrong with my laptop?
Can putting shows from laptop to tv REALLY be this easy?
is there any way to submit a quesiton directly from yahoo without entering into this forum?
my add a folder command not working. how to get the add a folder command to work?
Battery Not Charging after Snow Leopard update on Mac?
account hacked need help urgent !!!!?
my internet is suddenly really slow?
Will be SATA III HDD compatible with my motherboard on laptop?
how long does it take to develop android app?
How many B&W pages i can print by 100ml refill on canon ip2772 printer?
Any beginner programming project idea?
Matrices and Vectors in Computer Programming (maybe C++) ?
How do I factory return on windows8?
Why can't I follow people on blogger?
how do you create a file in emacs?
Internet problem with certain webpages?
How much fast is AMD E1-2500 accelerated processor compare to Intel Core i7 3820 normal processor?
how can I fix Constant Google 404 not found Nginx errors?
would dollar store mouse be compatiable for Mac computers?
How long will a refund from Sony take? (Returning a laptop)?
Is this desktop from Wal-Mart any good for gaming and graphics/video editing?
Why isn't my PC turning on?
What can my Specs Run?
Facebook hack causing real concerns at work?
What about Windows 8.1 ?
good headset with speaker for livestreaming?
which laptop should i buy?
chrome has an extension error.help!!?
I need a free website hoster that will allow HTML (please read inside)?
Switching graphics card on laptop just to run Daysz?
php and html value field?
Easy way to track IP address? Anybody help here?
Formulas in Google Docs spreadsheet?
Need help in this website?
The Moneypak FBI warning just magically disappeared?
does the chromecast work as a wifi adapter also?
My router disconnects from internet when not being used?
How do we know about mobile application development?
What's the best house hold items to use to clean a Microsoft Surface screen?
Is there a website where I can get html code so user can doddle on my website and stuff?
Whenever I plug in my flash drive, lightroom opens up?
where to buy a laptop battery for a good price?
Is there going to be a big difference between my old logitech mx518 mouse and my new razer deathadder mouse?
Having trouble with computer again :(?
Do my 2 operating systems have different ip addresses?
The Moneypak FBI warning just magically disappeared?
The Moneypak FBI warning just magically disappeared?
what laptops have high quality webcams?
What does &#x27 mean?
How do I know if he blocked me or deactivated his facebook?
Why does HD not work for me in YouTube on Google Chrome?
Is the HD 6870 the best video card for its price range?
emachines laptop help?
Desktop for livestreaming and video capture/editing?
How to stop Facebook sending emails when spamming it doesn't work?
I can't make my email font smaller. No matter what I do the font is too large.?
Can I keep two cells synced in Excel?
How much can I get for my IMAC late 2012 edition?
i get anxious because i rely on my laptop and im scared of anything going wrong with it, can anyone understand?
What's a good coding program for making game hack tools?
My internet slow and not working correctly? Won't load videos?
Can you help me giving a name to my blog?
cheap internet service for home?
I used CHKDSK to scan my hard drive on my PC for errors and it did n't detect anything?
I formated my computer and now i can't go online?
how to delete facebook birthday notification?
Windows Migration Assistant is downloaded, but when I hit run, nothing happens?
Can my laptop run Garry's Mod?
How to change a word document to a publisher?
Search engine virus thing still there?!HELP!?
Formatting a windows harddrive to Mac.?
How to find my macbook on icloud?
Getting a quick bluescreen error and can not boot into Windows?
What should i do/should be doing?
Only oracle or sql server certification help me to get job?
can you let me know private security guard need any security licence in Canada ?
does google adsense tell which amount of money came from which source ?
how to install a program in windows 7?
VLC Media Player used to be great, but now it's all shtty, what gives?
Is this a good method to \boost\ my laptop?
Wireless Adapter Not Working?
Any got a Get Cash For Surveys review?
IP THEFT help - In a Lan Someone is using my ip on a mobile phone how to find out & prevent it in future?
Can someone give me one example each of HTTP Persistent Connection and HTTP Non persistent connection?
My YouTube account won't let me log in on my iPhone. It says my information is incorrect. Any suggestions?
Need a program for 3D printing?
does increasing RAM increase FPS with hypermemory?
Can i put two different types of DDR3 RAMs together?
where can I get a monitor cheap?
What is this extension that won't go away in Chrome?
ddr2 to ddr3 ram upgrade?
YouTube name ideas, can't decide which one!?
where to find quality photo editing filter?
Pls my girlfriend forgot her email passwords and her alternate email passwords too,cant rem security questions?
what got wrong in this program?
What if I make a mix, but use NBA's videos?
Pls my girlfriend forgot her email passwords and her alternate email passwords too,cant rem security questions?
what got wrong in this program?
What if I make a mix, but use NBA's videos?
Is anyone here capable of making a website?
Where can I find Effects HTML for blogger and tumblr? Please send the links if it's possible.?
How to change what network locations an application can access?
difinition of open windows?
PHP header redirection not working?
Please Can Someone Tell Me If I Am Short Of Memory?
How much ram can the xps 15 l502x laptop support?
Not Sure if I Was Given the Correct Information regarding Ram Sticks and Their Return?
What is the best free program I can download to play videos on my laptop?
Questions about motherboard connections?
What would be the best choice of the below Graphics card upgrades?
Google play Store 3rd party applications?
I need to clean up my backlinks. how do I know which are hurting my Google ranking?
I dont receive my emails through a google distribution list?
What is twitter used for?
windows 7 os download?
help me fix my laptop camera...it is blurry (10 POINTS IF IT GETS FIXED)?
Using CHKDSK to scan a PC for hard drive errors?
Looking for a laptop with i7 processor for multimedia under 60 thousand rupees?
how can download whatsapp on laptop?
2ms S24C550ML VS 5msS24C750P Samsung Monitor for Gaming?
Will Corsair Vengeance ram work with an AMD A10 CPU?
Toshiba l50 is not turning on?
I'm looking for a multimedia laptop with i7 processor under 600 thousand rupees,some suggestions please..?
Is there an app for mixing songs?
Vista Laptop Memory - What Does It All Mean?
Is the AMD Radeon HD 7770 a good gpu?
Alienware Aurora good buy?
Need to Block personal Emails?
Powerful PC very especially on start up?
can anyone help with these?
I'm trying to add myself to my schools network on Facebook.?
Looking to buy a Gaming Computer?
Internet connection, dinamic?
Some of my Microsoft Works Word files on my flash drive have become DOC files. I can't open them. Help!?
Does blocking someone on Facebook delete both chats?
Basic Java Programming Error. Help!?
on the new myspace, what does \private\ mean for photo privacy settings?
Which ink jet printer on the market today has the lowest cost per page, without using refilled cartridges?
How to find your own comments in youtube?
how do I copy and paste on my samsung gallaxy S4?
my facebook was hacked and i cant get into my emails to reset my password what do i do ? help?
What power supply do i need for my pc ?
wi-fi suddenly wont connect to laptop?
How do I get rid of this?
How to setup ip phone with the computer and the router?
I want to stop facebook post and comments from appearing in my e-mail. How do I do that?
Did bill gates study physics for inventing computer?
How to downlode dell laptop drivers and utilities?
bac USB ports on my computer?
How can I build a scanned database?
how i can repair my sd card?
After printing my logo and text looks fuzzy.?
how can you tell who is looking through your facebook?
Need coding help !!!! Experienced Hackers wanted?
Can i sell my windows 8 on ebay?
Question about audio interfaces/studio monitors?
can you use laptop and desktop processor together combined on one OS(Windows 7 Ultimate 64 bit)?
I removed someone on facebook and now I can't unlike some of their photos that I liked before! Why?
Is it OK to backup a domain controller system state during the day?
Excel Monthly Expenditure Chart?
can you get music that you got on google play store on a different phone?
Add features to windows 8.1(product key)?
Macbook Air won't recognise USB stick?
Help me please What's happening?
When I use my computer my TV gets lag?
How are Mac's when running AutoCAD?
is there another way to encrypt a drive besides truecrypt?
Facebook functionality?
Where is the rs key in FIFA 11 in keyboard?
speed sensor (velocity km/h) using ultrasonic sensor?
How to backup and restore Windows data?
How Do I Reinstall My Google Play store Because I Accidentally Deleted It ? :(?
Upgrading Windows xp to Windows 7?
How to be a software engineer?
PC won't connect to internet?
Want to a blog? Can I use information from other sources in my blog?
About ebay i need help?
What is the proper way of sorting a selection sort using linked list?
I had to format my desktop and now!?
Facebook app newsfeed videos?
what should I learn to develop android apps and websites...?
What free editing software for windows 7 is great and considered alternative to sony vegas pro...?
How do I open a dowloaded .sav file in No$gba?
Suggest Any Free E-Book Download Site..?
Need help securing PDF Files?
Is it possible to receive audio out from an audio in source? on a computer?
Why do I get \You have been banned!\ message whenever I try to post a thread in tom's hardware?
Oh! My internet speed.?
I had to format my desktop and now!?
can a windows server pc be used as a windows 7 gaming pc?
Gaming laptop recommendation?
how to fix an image problem with GTX 660 ti (white borders)?
Is UC Browser 9.5 faster Than Opera Mini In 2g Network?
Is there a program like office max word thats free for Apple?
How to become a good youtuber?
I cannot change paper sizes in printer settings, in Windows 8.?
Why doesn't Command Prompt work?
Twitter question......................?
My asus notebook is stuck on the blue windows start up screen.....?
when i turning on my windows xp it goes ia technologies.inc via vt8237 and something this step then it hanged?
Please help me regarding google map maker ?
How can I convert numeric value to English word in excel ?
Windows 8.1, Acer Aspire R7 problems!!?
Tagged wrong person on facebook?
Laptop turns on but the screen stays black/off?
I'm planning on improving my desktop computer what best so its able to be faster ?
Inexperienced java user, need some help?
Windows Surface Pro 2 or HP Ultrabook Split?
if log x=2 and log y=1,then xy=?
Processor Upgrade Question?
How can I use |'s as colsep for plsql to csv?
Creating fossil fuels using 3d printing?
I just got a water subtence in a keyboard!?
can i run call of duty mw3 on intel E4500 2.2 GHZ with intel chipset 782 mb grafics and 2 gb ram can i run?
C++ words assigned to numbers?
Need a solution to my pen drive woes.?
Why doesnt my css work in IE?
Is it okay to leave my laptop plugged-in when using it?
Broken USB Ports Fix/Temporary Solution?
Does anyone know what happened to google images?
Why won't my printer work since I updated to windows 8.1?
How do I make my IP anonymous or hide my IP?
Building my first PC with no expense spared. Need your opinion on these configurations?
Help me out of this please?
Can I use a wireless router only to get wireless wifi ?
uninstalled and disabled google play?
How do you upload a music album on your youtube channel?
How does a person cancel a facebook account?
How did. l get in contact with you?
Do you have to leave your laptop open while updating?
How do I ask the system administrator for permission when I am the system admin?
Does the increase in computer viruses / malware make slower computers impossible to use?
is 200+ kb/s utorrent fast or slow?
Computer is very laggy?
Plz plz help ! Will this laptop run adobe photoshop ?
how to reset password?
is big data course is good for fresher?
Is this laptop worth the money or not?
Does BIOS tell information about installed OS?
how to root micromax a27?
Website or forums to test my programming skills online..?
Help about BSNL broadband ?
my id security check problem?
Laptop ip add and default gateway are different.?
can i put pcie 2.1x16 graphics card into my pcie 1.0x16 will it work fine?
My you tube is'nt working?
Can you use SnapChat on the Computer?
MacBook Pro 2010 ram upgrade? (QUICK)?
Microsoft Excel Quotient Decimal help please?
I want the IF statement to find all uses in a column that contains a word, even if there are other words also?
My laptop is broken and my Mom wont let me buy a new one.?
Why isn't itones working?
FaceBook; Pages feed & News feed?
I'm having trouble with iTunes and lyrics and syncing please help!!?
Why do these random transparent icons suddenly appear?
How can I sum or total columns in a libre office base query?
Quick question on Microsoft Office Word?
Are there any rules for using copyrighted images on a portal site?
Do you need to enter bios before installing a Intel Core i5 4670 cpu?
Disable Secure Browsing?
What happens when I make a pointer = to another pointer?
do u need bios to install a Intel Core i5 4670 cpu?
What is the difference between @live.com, @outlook.com and @hotmail.com?
Which graphics card is better >< plzz tell quickly?
How do I connect to a sharepoint site through vpn.?
I need to change my password?
Guidance needed on replacing a processor?
Hi ! Is downloading adobe photoshop free or howmuch costs ?
How to make all uploaded 4shared files private and unsearchable?
AVG anti virus has found 89 cases of aware on my android phone. what do I do?
is it hard to get a job at google maps?
Anyone else having trouble with the databases?
too much spacing in Microsoft Word 2010 document?
How To Get On Blocked Sites At School?
Why is youtube not working for me?
I downloaded some songs on my PC, but now I realized it was not what I wanted, how do I return it to the site?
How to cut down my code?
Need help with remote networking my routed external hard drive with out any desktop computer running at home?
Amd Radeon r9 290 i need some help about changing grafic cards?
50%-100% CPU Usage On Desktop?
Are these computer parts compatible?
i want to get the same template, where i can find it ?
How can I upload a cover photo on Twitter?
Do I need a new Win 7 disc and product key?
How do I make diablo 2 run on my computer.?
Max temp for an Intel i7-950 CPU?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iMrlECR6YjM name of song in video?
How to view full size pics on fb on galaxy s4?
Should I quit facebook?
Know any good free Anti-Virus software?
how do I change the wallpaper in Windows 7 Starter?
How do I store a file in C?
iBall Baton wired router preventing access to a single website only. How can I get access to that site?
where and how do I find my network name (ssid) using my android phone?
After effects object throwing question?
Are there razer/steelseries headphones that are good for recording?
which laptop should i get for doing both gaming and using 3d animation programs?
Can 3d printers have resolution of around 10 micometers?
Separate account for Facebook page?
Need help for Nested Loopings/programming in Java? ASAP?
I have PCS brand motherboard of my pc and I want to format my computer but I do not have drivers for that.?
What are comparison and logical operators?
Would it be worth it to start a quantum computing startup?
4 pin fan and 3 pin panel fan controller connectors?
How do I know if my Latitutde D820 has intel dual core processor?
Can someone make me a simple div html?
I have a window xp in usb but i donot kown him serial key so help me find how him serial key?
This a good gaming PC or nah?
Why can't I open Microsoft Access when logged as standard user?
Why do people still buy the crappy old-style Core 2 Duo desktops on eBay?
I need help with a screen recorder?
Why isn't the free version of minecraft on the App Store?
instagram wont let me follow anybody else?? ):?
Network Error Yahoo Mail was unable to connect. Please reload the page or verify that your network connection?
Laptop ip add and default gateway are different.?
Razer nostromo gaming keypad?
Which is the best computer PS2 mouse?
Advice on purchasing a computer?
how to i turn my hard drive back on after i press f2?
I need help with learning a code?
what are the must know programming languages for computer engineering?
Will My Graphics Card Work With This Motherboard?
Best Pharmaceutical software for medical retail & wholesale store?
Videopad software question?
How cen i get facebook confirmation code?
My printer will only print the first page of a multi page email .Epson says it is not a printer problem Help?
Can anyone tell me how to install axis mobile app in Samsung galaxy star pro gt-s7262? ? plz..?
why do cooling bads have 1 big middle fan? how doen the cooling work?
Skype login not working, any ideas?
How do I set the monitor so it prints in larger characters and utilizes the full screen?
why i cant use my debit card for online shopping ?
Is there a way to limit the speed of my wifi?
What difference between *t[10] and (*t)[10] in C?
How to upgrade android v2.3 to android v4.0 or v4.2 manually?
solution error of The proxy server isn’t responding in internet explorer?
How do I expand my display to cover the full screen in Yahoo using Windows Vista?
How to download files from a site to online storage?
why my firefox and chrome cant login on facebook? i already clear cookies ,chaces and history?
Any great software website?
How to disable app sync on itunes 11 ??
Will detachable cable from beats fit in skullcandy?
Facebook search, why did this happen?
Does it damage the graphic card if I update its vbios too much?
What is the difference between Google Chrome and Google Chrome Beta on Android Playstore?
ABOUT MY NEW LUMIA 520?
What is difference between .com and .co domain?
Whats the difference between the Dedicated Video memory and s....?
Do you think girls who show half their breasts on Facebook have little/no self respect?
Why does my DL speed so slow?
What is the name of recent personal security officer of Dr.Farooq Abdulla n its not bubba smith?
Alexa counts nofollow and dofollow links. But are the links mentioned in Google Webmaster Tools only dofollow?
what is the difference between console.writeline and syste.diagnostics.debug.write?
Want to start gaming again, a cheap computer that is good?
how do i check my hp laptops windows 8 product key that came preinstalled?
Suggest me printer for commercial use range between 10,000 to 12000?
my flash shows 0 bytes and is unusable?
please i need your help?
how can i get windows on a hp mini 110 ,(iv wiped the hard drive?
How do you make a youtube channel with a username?
Which mobile network provides fastest 2G internet in punjab?
hi dimitry i tried to open the sites u listed below but couldnt open can u help me?
Anyone who didn't meet the .us domain registration requuirements but still succeeded in registering one?
how the array works?
How to use any jquery plugin in any php page?
Why do only 3-4 of my friends posts show up on Facebook?
can i make ios apps on windows?
Please suggest me a good graphics card under 4000 rupees..?
Installed Win7, but it doesn't have any drivers.?
Very Urgent!!!! c++ HELP?
About ebay i need help?
How to stop skype notification when you add someone to call?
IT Security Question?
Is there a way to clean my desktop CPU heat sink without removing it?
How many PC's can I install windows 7 home premium on?
What could my new 'internet' name be?
In Visual Basic 2010,,,..?
Is there a way of connection between windows phone 8 and my pc?
Acer laptop turns off after resuming windows?
How can i make a drop down menu on a Access Database?
What is a great and easy to use dvd video burner for beginners like me?
I have just designed a website using ExpressionWeb4. What steps do I take to publish it to the internet?
How to grow my youtube channel?
Why does my Acer 720 Google Chromebook say the battery life is over 8 hours but when fully charged is under 6?
Why do I keep getting signed out?
What do Firewalls and Anti-Viruses do?
Are Specs good for Gaming and making videos?
I use my nok.. 2700 as a modem for use internet on lap.. through bluetooth but in this way ,the net speed is v?
Convert 6 to binary?
Who are the highly recommended in curated search?
hi i am using dialer network connection at my home when i used internet through lan i can open my isp sharing?
Does Android system slow down with time like Windows?
Good keyboard replacement?
Which tablet between these two are better?
How do I save and retrieve a variable in Microsoft Access ?
Would it be weird if I liked old things on facebook?
Can I get a motherboard which have 1 pci slot and supports intel 4th generation I series in 3 to 4k?
How to remove mood director on facebook?
Which Laptop is better?
Why is the world changing to BUY BUY BUY MODE?
Can you help me recovering my old facebook account? PLEASE <3?
anyone thinks this is a good gaming pc?
I was told the FX-8350 Stock cooler was loud but Bios says something else?
Is instagram only for phones?
How my doc become public on your site? Can you please remove it?
Which graphic card provides best gaming performance.. In range of 60 to 65 thousands rs. Laptops?
In Excel, how to sum up cell values, depending on what specific text contains the first cell in that row?
Any idea why my Netgear router SSID disappears and only shows up after rebooting?
My notebook laptop suddenly shuts down while playing games?
Dont you think Omegle sucks incredibly now?
How to use a dedicated graphics card over an integrated one, on a laptop?
Can i use a Core 2 Duo processor on Gateway E6500d with latest Bios update?
What is the diameter of the Allen Key I need to open up my lenovo B500?
4 differnce between cache memory&main memory?
I am trying to install kaspersky internet security 2013 on Windows 8 Pro 32 bit., But its not getting possible?
I can not delete a file registry.vdf on MAC OS?
Does dell inspiron mini 9 support SDXC memory cards in the inbuilt card reader...?
How to install Mac OS X Lion on a windows pc?
My yahoo screen is flashing why?
How to write Punjabi on Facebook?
anyone else to use the program Driver Updater?
What should I use to clean my Microsoft Surface screen?
Which software help me to create professional dj song in my lappy ?
How do I set up a Network Credential?
how do i install bluestacks?
Problem regarding double-spacing a text?
My Windows 7 is not opening?
how to Write in MATLAB one function, Its inputs are : • Array of only 4 elements (4 pixels)?
do you need internet connection to set up an apple mac air?
How is tech support engineer job for future growth ?
Hi all... Does anyone tel me in my home pc windows 7 ultimate,?
how do I make an email link on facebook?
Will a gt 610 run on my system?
which is better to learn for me. php, .net, java or any other programming language?
How to stop automatically opening links in new tabs in Chrome?
Are there any programs for gaming?
need help...My hard drive won't start?
Tumblr and followers.....?
Are there any programs like realtek audio manager?
Learning how to code?
How to save an audio from a Youtube video to your computer?
Can I put Gigabyte HD 7770 in my Dell Optiplex 755 Mini Tower?
how to connect the server into the user .?
Not open to my facebook akashpanchewar@yahoo.in?
My hp laptop has just stop working,the charger is ok but it cant show anything?
My hp laptop has just stop working,the charger is ok but it cant show anything?
What recording software should I use for gaming?
Can I unzip a file using .bat without using pkzip?
I want to get rid of my Win8 upgrade and get my Win7 back?
How can i create a beta site without a sub domain?
security clearance problem??will I be denied?
How is networkers home banglore to do networking courses ccna,ccnp and ccie as they told me they will give 100?
What is MetaGeek's free Wi-Fi scanning app called?
I was browsing a site on chome when i had a pop-up accusing me i was being locked up by the police?
Hello, what games that can support my laptop?
good gaming pcs for arma?
i have a 13 year old compaq presario 5000,can i use it in any way instead of scrapping?
is this a good gaming computer?
i want to see the flow of traffic by my WiFi device, i want to keep an eye on my buddies, what they are doing.?
Can I change my directx 10.1 graphics card working in directx 11?
How can I activate windows 8.1 pro with media center Permanently?
my windows 7 is not genuine what should i do?
Default gateway, how do you know what it is supposed to be?
can i create a system image on my internal hard drive?
Could you please teach me how to use facebook in urdu?
i need help with Facebook?
what is the difference between ruby and ruby rail?
I Can't restore my windows 8 back to its factory settings?
Can anyone tell what is wrong with this C++ program.?
How to earn from Android Phone by using apps ?
What parts do i need to build a gaming pc?
Why is my ipv4 wifi slow?
What parts do i need to build a gaming pc?
Good gaming computer>?
Free instagram app that gets you followers and likes?
CAN I UPGRADE MY GPU TO RADEON 6670 AND CORE 2 DUO PROCESSOR USING OPTIPLEX GX620(LGA 775 SOCKET) MOTHERBOARD?
Does anybody know an app that can remind you the specified days?
HOW CAN I INCREASE THE GRAPHICS PROPERTY OF MY PC WITHOUT BUYING GRAPHICS CARD?
explain the function of following batch program?
Is gdr 3 and lumia black update for windows phone same?
Hyperlinks dont work in the desktop mail cient?
can anyone tell me i want exam registration project using visual basic. can you give me the project?
Can a scalar function return a table in SQL server?
Website where sell dvd-r dl blank 12x compatible because on e-bay i can't find?
What kind of AC cord does a Mushkin enhanced modular power supply use?
Does there have free VPN can link to china?
where to learn algorithm ?
way to get around router kick off internet?
Dell Inspiron 5521- Drivers for windows 8.1 not listed on the website?
What is a good sound card to pair with the Blue Yeti microphone?
MS Access step indicator?
how make tab-control on vb 6.?
Can someone write a program based on this output?
How to Run Windows 95 on Mac OS X?
Can this laptop run any good games?
Win 32 Malware-gen avast not helping?
My processor is Gigabyte GA-G41MT-S2PT. how bany types of sockets does it support?
how do you make scrrencaps form dvds in windows media player in windows 8?
cleaning the head.....?
How to use Samsung SSG-3050GB wireless 3D glass on PC?
What is the way to set the Wifi settings in WINDOWS XP for my samsung tab to connect AND?
how to delete URL history. Google Chrome.?
Can I run Malwarebytes Pro without an actual AntiVirus product?
Does any CMOS battery compatible with any Mother Board?
Is getting this many page views impressive?
I clicked something on my keyboard and the tabs at the top disappeared. How do I make the tabs show up again..?
I need help ASAP, Tech question?
How to move purchased domain from wordpres to blogger?
audio burning cd help?
I was talking to my friend on Facebook. She responed \thnx...\ What does this mean?
Not able to install OS?
Problems with Facebook?
I have four 16gb sticks of ram in my computer and my computer only shows that it is running 16gb. why is this?
I need tech help again v.v?
where to upload ebook?
Does The p0sixspwn Jailbreak Restore Your Phone?
iOS 7- Song deletion help!?
Why can't I find this pierce the veil song on youtube?
I am so sick of shutting down & night & Yahoo/Google toolbars are gone...every time. Why is this happening?
Computer Programming Code Error?
whats a good website for custom youtube channel art.?
Deleted whatsapp gallery from note 2 internal memory?
Can I jailbreak my iphone using any kind of windows laptop?
PC Suite installation problem?
Is this normal OR is it just how I am viewing it?
How to create a ethernet connection on a fresh install of windows XP?
is there is any way to run windows store on squid authenticated proxy which is running in my institute?
Is there an iPhone app that edits pictures to look like you're smoking?
Microsoft word expired, can't copy and paste my documents?
how can we remove idm fake Serial number problem ?
need a ddr3 mother board for amd phenom II X4?
is it my browser or computer?
what cause my laptop slow when play a game?
Hi There 15 year old desktop dont know what's wrong with it so should i try to get it repaired?
What can of school laptop should I buy?
Youtube is not playing videos? i really got to sort out plzzzzz somebody help me??
How to upload a video from Youtube?
Is there any iPad app that has powerpoint?
What does one long beep and one short beep indicate, and what is the fix?
How to reactivate old Facebook account?
What could be causing this?
Is there any way I can block itunes for a certain amount of time each day?
If a write something in a Facebook group forum will all my friends see what I posted there on the feed?
how much of an estimate should a new battery for a laptop cost?
What's key to get your tweets notice on twitter?
Question about facebook messenger?
What about the HP ENVY17t-j100 touch smart?
My Built in Camera Dissappeared and it is not in Device Manager Please help!?
Google+ problem. Help please?
Why does redtube delete all of its videos?
Printer installation problem?
does anyone know when is the release date for Google glass?
New computer, mobo + fan turns on, no beep, no post, no display from monitor.?
Anyone who knows a lot about computers, please help me!!! :( specifically windows 7?
No notification from Android's Facebook official messenger application.?
How would I do all of this? (because I need to do all of this)?
What is Decentralized Ubiquitous Networking?
How to count the overall of numbers in C?
Is it possible to upgrade the gpu of a toshiba qosmio x505-Q887 laptop?
I can't Request a Friend, or Like photos on their webpage?
PC case question, building a pc?
Buying YouTube Views?
Where can I orfer a CD for hp psc 1510 All-in-one?
What are some good animes to watch?
When is the 70 AD and what is AD?
How to install Ruby in Windows?
Could my PC handle a GTX 760?
What should we name our YouTube channel?
What does this text face mean *-*?
If u turn off chat on facebook!!!* the other person know when we last online?
How do make it so that you can view the WEP password for the internet aiport?
Nobody is liking my status' on Facebook!?
Can't install from unknown sources ! help?
What is the snapchat app?
I mounted and installed a game using PowerISO but when I click the shortcut nothing happens?
I have an old Great Quality laptop from frys that i need to restore. Can anyone explain how I do this?
Can I list my wikipedia contributions on my linkedin or fb as volunteer @ wikipedia or something like that?
Is this hard drive any good?
Windows 7 Installation Failure, Error Code: 0x8007045D?
i own lumia 620. i dropped it down and it developed a crack on its screen. my touch is not responding.?
What would be the proper regex expression?
Would my files be gone?
What else can I do with an iPad mini?
Good LGA2011 Motherboard?
my laptop is asking for a password that i did not setup?
If I open my computer and put an external hard drive into it is it an internal or external hard drive?
How do Pranksters film in stores without getting kicked out?
PLEASE HELP!! PLEASE READ!!My Mac OS X Mavericks Dock isn't normal?
TOP Forums to Enhance your programming skills...?
What can I do to get more colors when I write my emails. I want Teal & Royal Blue etc..?
Can a tap water discharge static electricity?
i deleted my os on my samsung galaxy s3?
where can I get windows 8 permanent activator?
Can't replay Youtube videos?!?
I made a joke with one of my friends,I changed his yahoo id password,can police track me through internet?!?
How can I wing myself off of the Internet?
Selling an alienware m17x. Where and how much should i sell it for?
Please give me a List of EDUCATIONAL SOFTWARE !?
how to change passowrd for the homenetwork?
How does facebook or any site know if a password entered is correct or incorrect?
Can you sli different gtx 780?
whenever i open facebook my computer shuts down and restarts.?
Windows 8 constantly freezing WHY?
how do i get powerpoint on my windows 8 laptop?
Can a network function with multiple physical paths?
How do I Change my Computers Name?
I accidentally uninstalled an app on my samsung gal tablet, how do i get it back without restarting?
Would this computer be good for gaming?
Audacity only plays static?
Overclocking a non K Model CPU Good?
How do I make a picture better quality for background?
What are the most valuable parts in a laptop?
what are some alternatives to appstore?
i love to use my notebook pc for long periods of time but the problem that i'm encountering is how?
Would get a motherboard which has 1 pci slot and supports 4th generation I series in 3k to 4k?
What does 'OC' mean?
Took apart laptop and a little connector strip pulled off and was lost. What do I do?
Asus monior help sizing?
Why can't I change my YouTube channel art?
Windows 7 32 (bit) on pentium 4?
how do i delete my facebook account but i forgot my password?
Can I play Outlast (without hindering the experience) on my laptop?
i want to change internet provider?
My computer is not functioning (except in safe mode) properly due to malware/virus(s). Can you help me fix it?
Does anyone hate windows 8 as much as I do?
How do I install windows from linux Ubuntu?
This is pretty stupid thought I have I just dont get it?
Can I \fix\ my computer monitor like this (switch screens)?
Good youtube editing software?
Blue screen of death upon startup?
If my Twitter account is protected, do people get notified when I follow them?
Locked out of our wifi with no password?
Whenever i try to plug in my second monitor, both screens say \No signal\?
Easily obtain drivers?
id like to connect to a vpn but not locally and keep it private can ya please adjust my settings ?
Can I use my wireless router without using my PC?
The most expensive and best Sony VAIO laptop?
I am a PC gamer and I need a laptop that's decent with games.?
Are the 8 people on your facebook profile friends list the people you interact most with?
Where can I download Windows XP?
Is that a real dpider photo???? ( dont go if you hate spiders)?
Is intel pentium 987 good or bad?
What do you go to from windows xp?
Is Hearthstone going to open beta soon? Are Hearthstone beta keys still needed?
How to find a Cheap Laptop for School?
Can a laptop with a built-in microphone use a headset?
Can I get this power supply?
Problem with Internet Explore?
Monetizing activisions published games on youtube?
can somebody explain to me how this works: you hit the mouse, an arrow hits a word, and a page moves?
I want someone to integrate yahoo answers, omegle and twitter. Is that possible?
how do i open up my samsung galaxy s2 on my computer?
I cant get group to open on facebook?
can i find my stolen laptop without its unique identification number?
Is this a good computer setup?
Computer Build for £700?
Computer Build for £700?
Computer Build for £700?
How can I learn using Photoshop?
Using Wikipedia Categories for forum categories??? EASY 10 points?
Where i am download virtual dj sound effects ?
i have a touchstone telephony modem can i connect to that?
Rank these processors from least to most powerful Core 2 Duo E8400, Core i7 2600k, Core i5 3330?
how can we remove the saved usernames and passwords from firefox browser ?
Is there a way to upload a single video to more than one channel on YouTube?
Html related ques True or False?
Whenever i try to plug in my second monitor into the VGA port, both screens say \No signal\?
how to remove in private from toolbar?
Issue backing up iPhone 5s to computer?
How do I Does on my fb ??
My Instagram isn't working!! Please help!!!?
Whats a good 2 in 1 laptop (laptop/tablet)?
What detirmines the top 6 facebook friends on your timeline?
is there a way to easily sort strings like you do with integers in java?
a question about bsnl broadband internet connection pls help?
How to get rid of this ad on the first row sport?
Antivirus programs protects your computer from viruses this I an example of what type of software?
Is this gaming rig good?
Do people see your Name???????
i cant access my routers settings?
I cant get my Group to open on facebook, when I click it, it does nothing or takes me to a blank page??? HELP?
Is this a good pc? 10pts?
how to prevent psu explosion?
Making money off youtube?
I need help with my youtube account?
Is there more than one way to deal with problem editors/contributors on Wikipedia?
Why are ads not showing in any of my monetized youtube videos?
How to connect xbox360 joystick to hp pavillion dv6?
Does sharing a connection between a router for 2 people lower the connection?
I`ve got a problem with my blog?
Is Blender 3D the best software in the $0-$400 range?
New computer Win XP to 8.1?
How do I change the 2-page view in Microsoft Word?
internal hard drive vs external?
can somebody please tell me a good username i could use?
I need help with browser related problems?
How to put another html document within a picture already in an html doc?
ENTER MY APP NANA CODE?
Is this a good gaming computer?
Is this a good computer setup?
where to download bluestacks?
Can I run Dayz on my laptop?
Windows 8 Question ???
How to unblock apps at school?
Microsoft Excel Help?
is my pc good? what can i run?
visual basic help fast!!!?
What Username Should I Take For Minecraft?
what happens when you register on facebook with a phone number and you deactivate it?
Good free video editor?(short)?
Having a Laptop Problem?
I can tag an event as a personal Facebook status but not on my business page?
How can I go from windows 8.1 to 8.0?
How can I edit my friends on Facebook?
Hot or not app question help?
What does amazon.ca do if you aren't home?
Flash videos (like youtube) do not play right / stuttering?
Windows 7 installation help?
Unable to update to Windows 8.1?
I need to open VLC.app/Contents/MacOS/share/lua/sd/ in VLC, how do I find that?
Name for a social networking website?
Issues with Windows 7?
how to confirm my facebook account?
What is wrong with my PC?!!!?
How can YouTube be important for people?
I can't connect to Facebook?
How expensive will it be to replace my laptop keyboard?
Why does windows vista ask for a pin of an AP? How can I access wifi without. We dont have a pin. belkin AP?
How do I make my laptop better for gaming, do I need to purchase anything?
how to print a doc using 'my' browser?
Does anyone have a clue how to contact Facebook coustomer service?
Why are my facebook photos covering up the album name?
Is 8gb or ram enough for After Effects?
How can I get more veiws on my youtube vid?
cleaning the printer head?
how toget old password backonfacebook?
Is my power supply good enough?
How to deal with Mysearchdial?
YouTube Videos? (Best answer gets 10 points)?
i watched a video and now i can't sleep?
XFX 7850 1gb GPU and GS700 PSU in Dell Precision 390?
how come i cannot see a comment box on facebook?
How does one LOG OUT?
Should I upgrade an old laptop to make it good for gaming, or should I just buy a new one?
How to connect a GoDaddy domain to my host?
Can my Laptop run Payday 2?
Can it be possible for me to return to your old format?
how to make gif using cs3 extended?
What is the Windows 8.1 Preview on Parallels Desktop 9?
What is this YouTube video called?
Can I just replace the processor and ram on an older desktop?
Is having a Twitter account worth it?
Anyone out there knows about desktops i was wondering if anyone knew what graphics card is compatible with my?
How do I turn on my wifi on my Hp Elite Hpe-2010y after I disabled it?
Should i make a Twitter?????
Can I get \Antenna TV\ network on my pc?
my power light on my dell inspiron went from blue to yellow and wont turn on?
I want to delete the oldest message in my IN Box. When I scroll, the computer will not let me go to the end.?
Annoyed/ disgusted boy meme?
Why does my laptop hard drive keep crashing?
trying to over clock memory with msi afterburner?
How to end a C++ program other than exit() and return 0? I'm still a beginner for C++?
Router problems, HELP?
facebook relationship status vs life event?
How to remove snap.do?
How do I play minecraft with my friend without being connected to the same wifi?
How to recover pictures and Word files from formatted USB flash drive for free?
Ubutu unistall terminal?
how do i get a lot of points on games4giftcards?
i get free wifi in my building how do i connect my windows 95 desktop to it?
My computer wont turn on?
Will this Computer run Minecraft in the future?
What's wrong with my computer?
why do ads pop up/ best computer security?
Mom stalking me on Instagram.?
What is a good wireless printer?
Google Chrome's new tabs are blank - I want 'most visited?'?
What are the parts to a gaming computer?
why cant i find my face?
will 15 mbps. be enough for online gaming and maby streaming youtube on two ipads we dont have computers?
How to watch youtube videos not available?
What is a good cheap laptop for school?
MS Office Word 2007 - Formatting problem? Help please :D?
how do I make a gif and then upload to ifunny?
R9 270 or 650TI Boost?
What font is this in photoshop cs5?
Is it bad to play my old CD ROM games on my computer?
How do I get yahoo to automatically come up a my preferred browser, windows vista system ?
on tumblr im new and i want too know how can i put something where it says > untitled ?
How to calculate weighted average in excel?
Cannot Find DockShift In Cydia......?
im 13 and and want to be a computer enginear?
Is there a way to develop iPhone apps with a Windows 8 OS?
Will I get paid from google?
Headphone recording problem!?!?!?!?!??!?!?!?
Motherboards for a gaming computer.?
Why is Facebook saying invalid phone number?
Major Windows Problems?
How do I get a new battery for my laptop under warranty from HP?
How to know if am blocked from Facebook page?
Can she see my messages?
Google adsense and youtube question?
Wikipedia submissions help?
My download speed is unstable?
Question about macbook?
Could a computer virus lead to the population be destroyed?
About facebook chat ?
When I load an X-Wing CD program to my G4 computer, that game screen is not showing through,?
how to download tv shows to zune?
What are Ghz when it comes to cpu's and such?
windows phone vs iPhone?? help?
Is After Effect CC 64 BIT? AND I HAVE A MAC?
Storing digits of an long integer in an array? C programming. Beginner.?
Need for a new printer?
My internet keeps disconnecting on certain programs?
What is the invitation code for mobilevids.org?
What are the steps to be Facebook famous?
Restating my question how to cool my cpu?
C++ and my simple lottery program; problems with WHILE?
What is a good time to post in a group on facebook?
How can I set my iPod to do this?
Problems with Sims 2 & Windows 8?
Why do my YouTube comments keep disappearing?
Can someone make me a public minecraft server?
Python programming ifs don't work?
My Sony VAIO turns on for a few seconds, then turns off?
How Can I Change My Wifi Name?
How can I remove mugshot from web?
Will my iMac attract thieves if situated in front of a window?
How to get rid of HTML5 Youtube?
How do you plug in 5! into a Ti-83 calculator?
Slow gaming laptop, help?
How to cool down my cpu?
What computer parts should I upgrade?
Slow gaming Laptop for no reason!?
What's this noise my laptop is making?
My printer says offline and wont print.?
My computer doesn't recognize things plugged into my USB ports!?
which one should I get laptop or a computer desktop?
Help with my microphone.?
Can I get some free YouTube accounts?
What to comment on a Facebook album?
how to tell if my laptop has a webcam?
how do you copy the facebook button and make your own version of it for your website?
Upgrading a graphics card - need advice?
What is a ivy bridge?
Laptop buzzes/vibrates when I unplug it. Is this sign of a major problem?
I lost 2 screws to my computer case?
Is it illegal to send personal information without permission?
How to choose Graphics Card ?
Any free training courses/ class for security license?
why won't my computer boot up, show display, or even beep?
Community Computer Programming Classes?
Is there a virus that causes Windows to Claim Hard drive Failure or is it Hard Drive failure?
Im in las vegas and I need a wirless router w/ excellent connectivity, what is the best?
Why can't I connect to the internet on my desktop?
can seeding hurt my computer?
How to close skype account?
Is this a decent gaming PC? Compatible?
curious about asus drivers?
Does this girl like me on Facebook?
and again my laptop is not fixed (?
Is there a penalty for using illegal anime streaming sites?
How to generate non repeating numbers in Visual basic?
What do you know about Web.com?
help me make a meme? completely opposite result?
What's the Difference between Photoshop Legacy and Extended?
How to PERMANENTLY deny access of my folders by other users?
separate Gmail from YouTube account?
Saw this on Youtubes homepage can you explain?
How do you add chapters on fanfiction.net?
What is the most up to date version of Adobe Flash Player for Windows 7?
Why cant i send an email on gmail.?
what is going on with snapchat?
Why Are iMacs And MacBooks So Expensive?
If I watch a TV programme on YouTube. Does that consider as DOWNLOAD from my WiFi limited Data 3GB?
How to bypass Cisco EA2700 router parental controls?
Problems with wireless connection- WPA key not recognised?
I'm looking for a new PSU for a custome built desktop computer. Any Recomendations?
How to make my laptop quieter?
Can I block somehow people that are not my friends that are tagging my friend?
How to update drivers with out CD drive?
Do sellers on ebay have to give you a ...?
Is it dangerous to use legal torrents with all the illegal downloaders?
People who use emojis, what does this mean ??
Windows has stopped GPU (code 43) help!?
IT HELP DESK TECHNICIAN? JOB POSITION QUESTION?
i cant stand packed things?
Hows my computer build for a budget? (UPDATED)?
Review my final Gaming PC build?
Disadvantages of Multi Value Fields?
Questions about 2 gtx 780 ti's running in sli?
What is required for fast video editing?
if i clear my youtube history is it gone forever?
What would my pc sell for?!?
What is the best screenwriting software?
A Microsoft Excel formula problem, could I have help with it?
Gaming Laptops For £450?
How do you permanently delete songs from iCloud?
My computer only works in safe mode ? o.O?
Unknown Algorithm, Brute Force Decryption?
Can you give me a good reason for charging for the internet?
Why does my newly built desktop keep freezing?
Need a Mw3 Video Editor!(Read)?
Best programs for computer repair?
Do you have to have an internet connection to use a wireless printer with a wireless router?
can my computer emulate timesplitters 3 on dolphin?
I need a mouse pad can anyone tell me where to find one ?
My laptop does not have connection for a phone line to connect to internet?
Zoosk Profiles: How To Tell If Someone is Fake?
how to delete all tweets without having the tweet count change?
How to use emoji smileys on galaxi s3 on Facebook comments?
How to make a Youtube Account that is /user/(name)?
Is Linux better or should i stick to windows?
Java Arrays counting?
A good Free (and full) Screen Recorder?
emachines factory settings recovery?
Transport layer protocol question, please help out?
which cable is best for a monitor?
Worst enemy likes Facebook dp ?
what is wrong with tumblr?
Hard Drive Partition Problem?
java code not working?
how to clean and change the fan of my laptop?
Help me build a gaming pc?
How do I block someone on facebook that has already blocked me on a mac?
Invalid use of Property in Access 2010?
what does it mean by newsfeed?
Can you give me instructions on how to replace screen on the lg optimus f6?
How to break loop with Ctrl+Z in C?
my cursor makes my screen roll up and down till I move the cursor off the screen, how do I make this stop?
If a hard drive makes a beeping sound instead of a whiring sound is it dead?
How has my computer has blocked torrent sites?
How to reply a tumblr ask with a gif?
Help with homework. This my firs programming class and I totally lost. Please help?
Why not a ios software compatible in windows?
Twitter users: Is it true that as of 2014 Twitter now notifies you of profile views?
Why is my computer so slow on start up?
Help with my laptop hard drive?
How much would you pay for a used laptop?
Is this a good gaming build?
ie 11 was downloaded and I want ie 10 back?
What is up with omegle?
How do I setup priority on my router or QoS?
Where can i make my own banner?
What cause a screen to flick?
Laptop will not turn on?
Youtubers are getting payed?
2 PSU'S one computer??
Help: I'm a graphic designer but I'm starting to feel like I don't like web design?
How do I make my laptop appear to be a PC on an online system test for a job?
How much is my computer worth?
Will I ever become a million air if I work on computers?
how do I change my password?
Can you help me find the right media and music format for audio CD's?
Sold an $85 book on Amazon, forgot to \confirm shipment,\ didn't get paid for it?
I cannot seem to get Yahoo Mail to display properly on my Toshiba Windows 8 computer on Explorer (not app)?
If you had a computer with 26 GB of free space and the capacity of the Hard Drive is 120 GB, how many KB of da?
How to update an \up to date\ graphics card? (Windows 7)?
I wana buy agood features laptop...like OS windows,4gb RAM.etc...I have only Rs21000...suggest me which laptop?
HOW DO I TURN OFF CAPSLOCK?
Is there something wrong with my T key?
How Do You Replace Your Laptops HardDrive?
Adobe after effects update problem PLEASE HELP!!?
Help with computer HW?
How to upgrade 32 bit to 64 bit Windows 7?
Q: What is Bluetooth?
How many hard drives and ssd support my motherboard?
How to scramble strings in Visual Basic?
Can Windowws 7 Ultimate Replace Windows 8.1?
Rack screw wont fit server rails?
good gaming computer?
Bypassing blocked websites?
I have a flickr page and just reset name and password, still cant find it?
Whirring noise coming from my laptop??
Should I get the 128gb 4gb RAM windows surface pro 2 or opt for the larger 500+ gb 8gb Ram surface pro 2?
Why are pixels (in monitors, phone)square shaped?
Is It Compatible?? Intel DH87RL & Ram..?
Followers on Instagram?
Should I get an old Toshiba or an Emachine?
1100$ - 1400$ Gaming PC that Runs at lowest 30 FPS on new games.?
Could my pc handle Diablo III with Intel R HD Graphics?
Can an IP be found through my SSID?
about group message on facebook?
Tumblr is not loading!!!?
hey I got cyber bullied in YouTube , I spam and reported him as abuser , I feel angry now .?
Should I stay with ubuntu?
what some stores like bestbuy?
what is facebook's telephone number?
How can i query this information from a webpage?
i want to purchase a loptop online?
How do I operate Photoshop CS6 for Windows?
I need to repeat my program until a condition is met in JavaScript. STUCK. Please help?
HELP!! ASAP PLEASE OMG!!! MY bb Bold wont load properly??!!?
Help me find a Tower Case?
how to solve the annoying \OWZNA\ malware?
How do I restore my dell inspiron 620 computer with windows 7 to factory settings?
what website can i use to turn an image into a html code or url?
how can i stop getting sucked into youtube?
Can someone write a program for me?
Duplicate Sheets in excel?
Is this a good build for a PC?
Mini ITX & Case Compatibility with Front USB Ports?
Deleting photos of iPhone?
How do I add a password to someone remote accessing my phone?
Aadhaar Linked to Account which is now closed?
Blue screen when running a scan? help ?
What is this site does not supply identity information?
how much is the samsung galaxy s2 right now?
Name for a social networking website?
How do I change the colour of a combo box?
i want to download videos from youtube pls give me link any software or program?
Could this laptop run Guild Wars 2?
hello im looking at a gaming computer but dont know if this is a good deal?
cant receive code generator from Facebook?
How to get lots of twitter followers?
how can i make my website popular?
Blocked print-head Brothers MFC-J6510DW?
is anyone else having trouble with facebook?
I need your help friends=?
Why is facebook just a blank page, and is says is not availabe?
is changing password for mail on the computer, change it on iPhone also or not?
If I log off my gmail, will it log off on all devices too?
If I change my password on my computer, does it change the password on my iPhone also?
If I log off my gmail, will it log off on all devices too?
Do they make a tablet that runs powerpoint?
Who can really see my custom facebook posts?
IT & Web relationship!?
What is the best laptop around £300-£400 and can play minecraft and setup Steam?
to fix crashed windows 8 do I have to buy it again even when I got it preloaded in my laptop?
Photos part coloured?
Is the HD 6850 the best video card for its price range?
how do you put symbols In your tweets?
Me nokia x202 me youtube videos kaise download karun?
Is Microsoft office 2013 just a trial or is it the full product with Microsoft surface Rt?
If I hide a post i've been tagged in on my timeline will it still appear on my friends' news feed?
how to check how much turbo boost your laptop has?
What is a graphics card and will it increase my FPS?
What is happening to my keyboard?
why did google make these recent changes to youtube?
Why did my power supply spew flames and what should I do now?
Does a AS Rock P67 Pro Support Nvidia GTX 780 ti?
Authentication failed?
Why won't FB open after I login?
Building a computer, need advice?
Could you please give me some example of JAVA application that can be developed?
My sound icon isn't appearing on my toolbar...?
How do you reactivate a twitter account?
why i get security warning pop ups for each mail i open?
what does it mean to document something?
can some one give me your apple itunes id and password with some money in account so that i can buy an album?
I need computer help right now, please.?
I want Cheap and Best Hosting For Magento ..or cheap vps?
Anyone knows this program?
Do you think too much makeup on a girl is cute?
I am really desperate for a YouTube account•?
windows driver update?
Good features for Mac OS as a gaming platform?
How to become an admin?
how to simulate a middle mouse click?
What are the features & functions of Linux OS as a games platform?
I want to make a gaming channel on youtube...?
Tomb raider 2013 save data cannot be found?
Python help! Just started?
Questions about building a Desktop computer?
suggest two reasons why platinum is used as a catalyst, even though it is very expensive?
HELP. Need a laptop for college and casual gaming?
which is better iMac 27'' display or the thunderbolt display?
How would i find / track someone down?
computer networking help?
problem in setting up an AD HOC network?
Are BT Super Fast Broadband Any Good?
why does youtube ask me to subscribe to videos?
How do i switch to youtube desktop view on my iTouch?
trying to find where my iphone has backed up to on xp and cant even find documents and settings?
Is there any website that checks web addresses for malware without requiring the installation of software?
will something happen if more than 5 people block on facebook....???
Will FB Admin know if I ss from fake account?
any home remedies for wifi or modem sloe connection?
should i uninstall my video drivers before upgrading from gtx560 to gtx770?
My laptop is acting very slowly whats wrong ?
Does Twice Confirmed Traffic Really Work And What Kind Of Traffic Can I Expect?
Best, supported browser other than chrome?
why does the \mobile broadband hardware\ in my pc show wrong info?
How to speed up your internet?
Constructs - Purpose and how they can be used?
What software should i use for a cdj 2000?
Computer problems with no virus detection or known solution?
can i upgrade to geforce gtx 560 ti or amd hd 7770?
After being hacked what should I do?
A Java exception has occurred?
I accidentally deleted my weebly account?
HOW DO I GET PPL OFF MY FACEBOOK PREDICTIVE SEARCH?
Need some help for Wi-fi issues!?
Can I use ADSL modem with WLAN as a WiFi hotspot?
What power supply do i need for a Asus P8Z77-V LX Motherboard and Intel Core i5 4440 Quad Core CPU?
Can the latest release Macbook Air (lowest model) play SimCity 5?
need help with 3dx max?
USPS shipping cost too high to Europe?PLEASE HELP if you live in USA?
Is there an app that can save pictures as PDFs and then edit them (adding text/pics/DRAWINGS)?
Power Supply for Radeon 6770 1GB and Amd phenom II x4 965?
how to get out of Samsung app verification?
Problem after Burning files to DVD-R (See details)?
what is the wifi password for PSJA Memorial High School?
Should I just delete everything everything that was encrypted?
how to increase the download data transfer speed of a data card(dongle)?
Problems with brand new laptop?
RAM CL and timing? (RAM specs)?
Is there a easy way to add items in bulk to my website using zencart?
witch pc should I get?
what is the best pc under £800?
I need to make a computer program robot?
Cant find second ram slot in my acer AS 4250S..?
Snapchat effect app for iPod 4?
can changing the time on my ipod for candy crush mess up my candy crush?
Help needed with my laptop motherboard replacement?
Poll: What is ur favorite mobile browser?
Which laptop is best for gaming in budget of 35k to 40k.... From Hp and dell...?
a pc wont load w7 from but same HDD in different tower it works fine?
Has anyone deleted all of their fb friends, regretted it and sent them all new friend requests again?
Need help on some college work asap! Due in tomorrow!!?
Questions regarding Device Drivers?
Why are my icons on my desktop not working?
please help unable to find ahci settings in bios .?
Is my username, StoneCharmly, cool?
how do i upgrade internet explore 8 in my computer?
how can i get more followers on instagram?
One RJ45 data socket in one room?
Bsnl tablet kaisa aata he price kya he auski?
What programs can I safely uninstall from my computer?
chrome browser gave me an error message on windows 7 operating system, how can i go about determining?
Internet connecction help?
Is Windows Defender better than Norton Anti Virus?
Laptop disconnectng from wireless?
Poll: why do some people update there facebook nonstop?
How do youtubers get paid?
i7-3770k of fx -8350?
Help in comparing these two laptops. 10 points?
What shall I do for this maze?
eztv seems unavailable anyone else have this problem?
Macbook Pro, Is this a Good Deal?
how do you post on other facebook pages?
How to Track Facebook iFrames with Google Analytics?
Good youtube channels?
Which laptop should I buy dell or HP?
how can i go about blocking someone?
Dell 3521 or Hp pavilion 10tx? which laptop is better ?
Where can I buy Windows 7 Home Premium (NOT OEM) online?
How to efficiently spool data from large Oracle db table?
How to improve my internet speed?
Are these Parts Good?
Which laptop should I buy hp pavilion or dell inspiron, plz answer. Thanks?
Suggest me some good laptops under 40000 rupees,Also mention those laptops which are releasing in 2014?
Far cry 3 playable on intel hd 3000?
Will battlefield 4 work on my computer?
is the cam4 tokens adder fake ?
Best website for build own PC?
Kik messenger question?
Which Win Server 2008 Edition support DHCP Server?
how can i create a rename shortcut key.?
Lenovo IdeaPad S510p or Lenovo IdeaPad Z410 for better gaming experience?
Respected sir! my facebook acount has been blocked. so what i can do to open my facebook account .... its my?
What do you mean by x86 & x64 architecture in microprocessor?
Where are people getting the cartoons that look like themselves on facebook?
Excel Conditional Formating \Specific Text\ based on a cell reference?
what do you mean by x86 & x64 architecture in microprocessor?
please guide me to make CD for a DVD player?
how to switch from 3g to 2g in aircel 3g dongle?
Why my google chrme shows nothing?
How to delt a lot of stuff at once on laptop?
Why gpu have many many cores while cpu only a couple?
does it mean anything when your ex likes your facebook status?
Which set is best for net use?
Motherboard question?
Java variables/switch statement problem?
How can I delete book marks off my my apple I pad 2?
what hardware should i change?
do you think this is a HOAX ?
Whats a good cheap laptop?
What would a client ask if they could?
Best gaming CPU for Socket 775?
How to do to save files into the SQL Server Database?
how do i make my friends list on Facebook private?
How to repair a pendrive ?
why can't i get into my facebook that's attached to this e-mail?was my account hacked?
if i hold down a key then press another, it stops being pressed?
Inexperienced java user, need some help?
How do I get rid of the blue thing from where I edit deleting my typing there after?
How can I use ma Webcam as a security camera?
Where is my Notepad?! Where do I find it? All my passwords to everything is on there!!?
Advice on MacBook Pro purchase?
Is there any freeware sandbox for websites?
i know password but i dont know my emailid then will i have to do?
Accessing raspberry IP from outside the network?
Define the term \JPEG file\ and how was it developed?
My computer cannot connect to my internet with my new ethernet cord help??
why cant install any of my deleted apps like facebook on my ipod touch IOS 5.1.1. keeps saying i need 6.0?
What is a good and free graphics design program for web development? Looking to make some simple graphics?
Which Operating System Platform has maximum games - Windows/Apple iOS/Linux?
Is Facebook for people who like to show off?
i just registered instagram but i cant log in. Why?
create a simple program that allows the user to insert,delete,display,and search an employee?
Does hard core gaming increase wear level of laptop batteries?
Does MacBook Air has good wifi signal ?
I'm trying to clean my registry of a file but ccleaner isn't helping.?
which is the best laptop under 38,000 in India ?
when i added any torrent file using maget link,there is nothing displays to staring downlod or to download des?
plz give me solution my question in in the comments...?
MSI GTX650 Ti Boost wort paying for 2gb ?
PrINT WOLE WORKSHEET?
Upgrade my laptop lcd?
Should I have switched to New company?
which graphics card works best with my motherboard?
Upto how much i can increase my ram and graphic card for my pc?
shotcutn for windows 8 shutdown ?
Is my snapchat account gone forever?
how to test .net frameworks?
How to download Paid apps on google playstore?
How good is this graphics card for gaming?
Where can I host an HTML website for free?
After a phone call has ended can i hear that phone call again somehow someone please help me! *important*?
Magcore.dll file is missing or corrupt, computer error help?
How do i calculate the number of host on a network with a subnet mask 255.192.0.0?
How do i calculate the number of host on a network with a subnet mask 255.240.0.0?
What are the dimensions for back rounds on Twitter?
how to use facebook at school?
shut down of computer during using wifi on computer .give useful solutions?
how do i calculate the number of host on a network with a subnet mask 255.255.0.0?
How do you keep Firefox 20 from updating to Version 26?
How do you change a single co-ordinate in excel depending on a cell value?
how do i calculate the number of host on a network with a subnet mask 255.255.128.0?
basic ppt for rapid prototyping 3-4 slides ?
What is best virus protection for laptop?
How much msaa is good for my monitor?
Re error code 1111 - how can it be fixed?
what is the name given to other computer beside IBM?
What is the best internet connection in West Bengal, India?
Will anyone see my stupid selfies?
Excel - sane cell view multiple tabs?
Anybody recommend any blog on blogspot.com?
How to delete homepage in UC browser?
can any file of 64 bit system run on 32 bit system? please help ASAP?
Mac OS X vs BSD and Unix question?
How to use netgear N150(WNR612) router without modem?
Installing window using pendrive?
LCD screen viewing angles?
how to make free calls from pc (internet) to mobile phone in india (chennai)?
Cannot connect printer to Chromebook?
Which wifi router support mts mbrowse.?
what are the 7 most common shortcut keys for microsoft word ?
Is it possible to use 1 TB hard drive in my Thinkpad SL410 which is limited to 500 GB?
why people always force to like or share on facebook?
How to connect two linksys routers?
crysis 3 help needed!?
What is VAL and INT in visual basic?
I want to learn some computer programming!! please help?
how to format asystem?
Sky broadband (solid amber @ light)?
where can get land site maps in coimbatore?
Android Studio (Jan 2014 - version 0.41) or Eclipse?
Facebook is from Japan?
Python3 - Adding a space between every 2 characters in a python string.?
I don't really notice a quality difference?
Ok,so I downloaded lookout security on my android tablet and it said installed but there is no app?
Spreadsheet on shared folder that only I can edit, but everyone can view?
Why can't i open http://www.usamimi.info/~scottei/voicebank.html?
Where to get free Ebooks for google books?
What is the best motherboard to pc computer?
How do I unlock my tablet ?? PLEASE HELP :(?
Why are the follow/dashboard/customize buttons gone on my tumblr?
How to change my Laptop IP address if?
Is NVIDIA Ge-Force GT 710 a good VGA card for a laptop?
Free virtual private network for mac?
Is mobile is useful for students or not?
How do i recover my Photos that i had accidently formatted from my Sandisk SDHC card three years ago?
How to create a code for facebook page?
how we restore tool box in MS paint?
which more things i will need to make a smartphone?
Do Wacom Tablets come with surface cover or not?
I need a youtube name with \Diego\ in it?
Windows Explorer has stopped working/Windows Explorer is restarting loop?
Can I calibrate my keyboard?
What is the best app on Mac, OS X 10.9, for editing movies?
what is IP helper tables and how to configure them on router( to join two network segments)?
Does ASUS warranty still cover PC monitors bought overseas?
need a program to open .lit extension file?
will out of date VLC media player and adobe reader X cause any trouble?
Is this a good PC config for rendering?
i hav i5 processor,1gb 9500gt,8gr ram(memory) can i run gta 4 without lag?
when i run java program in command prompt nothing happens?
I have norton security on my windows 8 laptop my question is in win 8 settings I cant turn it on?
How to prevent windows aero from turning off?
Is there a good laptop for college students under $400?
Are Lenovo edge E series durable?
Transposition Cipher(anarchist)?
what is newsfeed in Facebook?
is using a second wifi router possible?
Please!help me find this video.?
Snag a job is a scam. ?
Domain/Web hosting question. Read details?
Computer Recommendation?
difference between invite out and invite?
I'm considering buying this. Does anyone know if subliminal programs are effective?
Facebook chat big problem how to solve it?
FPS Drop in a good laptop. Pleasee (even in a low game)?
Can anyone tell me how to create this type of effects for pics?
what is Dropoffs in Analytics ?
can I declare array without specifing size in java?
Assuming that type integer requires 2 bytes of memory?
will overclocking my gpu make it die sooner?
how to change password?
What is a funny challenge video for youtube?
Mouse movement for typing.?
which is the best free photo recovery software needs no key or registeration?
Facebook locked me out of my account?
How to use CELKON A107+ mobile internet on PC(windows7) ?
why i can't download any videos from sites by idm, it shows forbidden error box?
Is this a recent phenomenon on Facebook especially and similar sites?
Saving a PDF document to a memory stick please?
I want to understand the code of tic tac toe game=?
what is meant by multidimensional arrays are nothing but array in arryas? (java)?
How to turn the time and date stamp on word 2003 on?
how do i send a message on tumblr?
http://citylinklogistics.com/?
Is it necessary to take physics and chemistry with computer science?
Some queries related to iOS 7 Jailbreak?
how do i copy dvd files to my computer?
i want to make a animation video?so i want to learn many software?
My laptop speakers dont work but my headphones do.?
How long would it take to build a fully operable operating system?
why do youtube video soundtracks keep playing even after I leave the website?
How to change my fonts on Tumblr?
How do you call a method within a loop?
A Confusion about IP Address?
how to play youtube on my firefox? Any video won't play anything it just a word?
how to reverse the number without using arithmetic operator in c++ program?
About crossfire compatibility of Radeon HD 8970M?
Urgent Issues With Website?
Do i really have a message?
Why I cannot import images to PENCIL?
I have purchased broadband internet with D LINK - DIR 600 L- Wireless N 150 Cloud Router. I tried downloading?
free internet service beside wi fi hot spots?
i want to download torrent?
what is the best laptop for college up to 1000$?
how do we run both the graphics window and the console window simualtaneously in c++?
cmd shows lower clock speed for turbo boost?
Will having this CPU make a big difference?
Can someone make me an Instagram account?
What is the best gaming hard drive?
How can I record a session? Is there a software that can record his voice and my voice at the same time?
Is it possible to see who is using WLAN in open network?
How can I record a session? Is there a software that can record his voice and my voice at the same time?
my email was compromised by somebody.. what should I do to protect myself & my adress book?
How can I record a session? Is there a software that can record his voice and my voice at the same time?
I have forgotten my password, and the recovery email address is no longer in use. How do I go about recovering?
Using open WLAN is legal ?using nokia N79?
How can we remove unwanted junk files from Computer?
Using open WLAN connection is legal?
How can you find out if someone is offline on Facebook just for you?
How do you make it so a twitter picture changes when you click on it?
I install ubuntu os without any partition?
How come a message someone sent me on facebook won't show up until hours after?
I can't connect to my internet via wireless because I accidentally uninstalled something.?
How to recover this word document! Help?
Ports on a GPU? What are they for?
How do i do a one time transation from a credit card to paypal using paypal?
What games can i run on a Dual Core 1.3ghz(Rated at 1.95ghz), 6 GB of RAM, AMD Radeon HD 6310 Grahpics card.?
Adobe Premiere Elements help?
Cisco Managed switch home environment?
how to load the video faster?
TP Link compatibility with Tata Photon?
What would happen after windows xp expires and one still continues to use it?
Is erasing a part of console output screen possible in c++?
Urgent Question About Google Verification of Website?
Chrome audio not working?
sometimes when i am watching a video , the audio is coming first and then the video , they are not together?
Can you use mobile phone video footage in after effects?
access US Netflix and dns?
Suggestion On Buying DDR3 RAM?
VB6. How do I make a textbox wait until for example 2 characters are input?
How do i stop Spotify from starting up every time i turn the PC on?
Only oracle or sql server certification help me to get job?
I can't register an account in iTunes?
Problem with MS 2003 Word?
uTorrent Down speed, dafuq ?
how to remove Bois password ?
what are the commands?
i changed my download location of my torrent file while downloading it.?
I need help in c++ programming. randomize function is being shown as an error in dev c++.?
i3 4130 with integrated graphics or amd x4 760k with radeon hd 6450?
What to do with my windows 7.please help.?
what is use of getchar and putchar in c?
Please help!!! Matrices and Vectors in Computer Science (maybe C++) ?
What is SEO On Page top factors?
Sync Outlook with Webmail?
What's the difference between a router, a hub and a switch?
how to make my fx 500 calculator calculate wrong?
What information can you tell me about this peltier device?
can i run BF4 on ultra if i crossfire this Graphics card?
so which grapic card will support in my PC.?
Is there such a Photoshop or photo editor?
There are multiple messages coming from different individuals, how can i prevent them from sending unwanted me?
laptop graphic card replacement?
What's the advantage of having 32 GB of RAM?
Deduce an expression for height of liquid in capillary tube?
Copyright Infringement Notice...luck of the draw?
Can i upgrade a budget laptop to support games like DayZ ,with out braking the bank?
I have problem in html and need help with it i need to have the ans by today?
What makes Samsung SSDs better?
Youtube Adsense says I've earned $0.00 but I have 44,741 views, 159,526 estimated minutes views!!! etc?
What the hell is happening with my Excel Sheet... Please Hellllppp!!!?
Programming language?
is an i3 processor compatable for a gateway ne56r34u with a intel pentium b960?
how to remove the orange clip from an hp printer cartridge?
how to count the number of text numbers in a txt file using c++?
What is the best computer screen recording software?
New laptop recommendation! (Or Desktop?)?
Excel formulas multiple if functions in one cell?
Can I Mix 2GB Ram Stick and 1GB Ram Stick together?
Will a GTX 470 work with this PSU?
Upgrade my laptop lcd?
What format are youtube videos in?
My dates and times are on the same cells for 2 rows of data, how do i call out those with the same dates only?
how to insert image in html with the matter on that particular toipc?
Im trying to start a Youtube channel and cant think of a name.?
i am using facebook mobile on windows phone 7.I want to have a mobile icon next to my name in facebook chat.?
static ip and ISP FUP limit detection?
Help me to buy a gaming laptop under 65000?.?
How to block trolls from my PC?
How to make a .txt file opener in Java?
What Apple Internet router should I use?
how data can be transferred from one laptop to another?
can i overclock my computer?
I can't install Facebook and YouTube app on my phone?
I can't install Facebook and YouTube app on my phone?
How to create facebook auto liker?
Why is Microsoft office and word 2013 free on Surface Rt but you have to pay for it on a desk top computer?
Is this laptop any good?
what is facebook's telephone number?
How do i get rid of this firefox issue?
list and explain 10 reason for the choice of C++ compared to other object oriented programming language?
More info on WooCommerce needed?
My monitor resolution!?
How To Start A YouTube Channel Without Anyone Knowing?
1080p vs 768p ( My maximum Resolution )?
What is tweeting and how does it work?
What Youtube videos should I do next?
how i receive facebook chat conversation in yahoo mail?
Is Microsoft word 2013 or office free on surface Rt?
Identify the pages Google Panda Update has Penalized?
Has anyone had any problems with the Store on Microsoft Surface?
Can someone please tell me how I'm getting on? :)?
Link one domain to another domain?
Looking for a cheap 1080p laptop?
Good processors for gaming on a Dell Inspiron 530 core 2 Quad?
my internet will connect to google and facebook but not anything else.?
Macbook or Windows Laptop?
Does someone know what happened to the facebook page?
How to sell a software to enterprise?
does my system fullfill the requirements of splinter cell blacklist?
I need a good youtube name?
Replacing processor, help?
Please any one write the code for the selection sort of array...?
My iPhone wont connect to my wifi?
how i print a right angle triangle in c++ using while loop?
Would having 7-10 people connected to my internet(wi-fi and ethernets) be a reason why my upload speed is low?
I wanted to become a security engineer?so plz suggest me for basic courses for it?
i fell my acer laptop and it wont turn on why?
samsung galaxy s3 how do I move an app from one page to another? the app is not in my apps?
I punched my laptop and now I cant see anything bleeding screen?
Help with upgrading my laptop?
who has more followers in twitter ?
I have been being cyber bullied by a group of people I work with, what can I do?
TI-84 se apps on a color edition?
How to provide highest level of security for the client’s data..?
vpn on windows server 2012 with cisco asa firewall?
what is host routing?
Hello i need some Help for creating Wallpaper's Website, help me!!!?
What is i9-compliance-software..?
iPhone 4s yellowish screen!?
this page cannot be displayed in IE 10 or any other browsers?
I am computer programmer and i want to setup new proprietorship firm in mumbai?
Download helper for mozilla firefox fails-why and what to do?
How can i improve or make the cost of my gaming rig cheaper?
is my wifi or modem the problem?
How do I add facebook like on my website?
I have 2 jsp pages, one accepts input and the other should display the accepted input... how do i do it?
is my wifi or modem the problem?
Bluetooth dongle for my computer.?
Help choosing RAM for laptop?
i want to copy jokes from web page to whatsapp to be able to send them to my friends how do i copy them?
What is your opinion about a tablet with 4gb?
I logon to internet on public wifi and my home mobile broadband network. Will internet protocol ...?
reply gmail carries pictures?
How change the memory setting in samsung galaxy ace?
What is the normal video resolution ?
Have I been hacked? Strange netstat info?
How to get custom error messages to work in access?
ANTIVIRUS THAT WONT CAUSE HARM TO PC?
My phone keeps opening apps and then shuts off?
Instagram photos ??????
What's the removable chip on the outside of laptops?
Windows 7 install help!?
Can any one help me to find out my source code for c programing ? it's urjent my frnd's.?
How to code a certain program?
How long to create an app?
Which is the best webhosting company for host the website?
What GPU can I use for a 250 watt psu?
access google play store free?
I need Dell Webcam for My Dell Inspiron 15-3521?
Youtube tricks?- Anything that would help start off a new channel!!?
questions for graphics cards?
does fullscreen pay you for clicks on the ad?
Is the Elio the greatest automobile (motorcycle) ever made?
Assembly Code Assignment on an x86 (NOT x86_64) linux installation?
my hp pavilion dv5 won't start?
Avast Internet Security fireall won't turn on?
Domain Indexing Problem In Search Engine?
well my GF know I unliked her Facebook picuters?
Where do I get a windows 8 or 8.1 64 bit to install by USB?
Google play books help?
how do i get the best possible connection on xbox live?
HOW DO I TURN OFF CAPS LOCK?
can nvidia geforce gtx650 2gb work with 2gb ram?
Yellow Triangle No Internet?
I need a unique username for Twitter!?
How can somebody else have the same IP as me?
Super slow Windows 7 boot up and super slow everything.?
i currently im on 25mbps wired is there anyway for free i can get it up to 60 or higher?
What kind of a degree would I need to be a web designer?
Is it safe for me to video games and upload it on to youtube as a partner?
What is a good free into/outro making site or software?
Opening a New Window in JavaScript with If/else statement?
How can I advance in the security feild?
what is max RAM can be attached to BD-70G Motherboard?
I need Computer help?
Would this be too much for my laptop to handle?
Pentium4 Desktop PC Switching OFF Issue!?
how do i preserve battery life of samsung laptop?
Desktop recommendation?
Dance Video on Youtube that I Forgot!?
when i turn my lap top on this keeps coming up \configfree task tray menu has stopped working \?
How do I avoid copyright infringement making dance covers on YouTube?
Can't sign into user on windows 7?
My wintouch q 75 tablet is not working i want re install the software please tell me the step by step method?
When I try to print, the paper gets stuck?
where to Download apk apps for android.?
How to sync key board, and Magic Mouse to iMac?
How do I make a girl look like a robot on photoshop?
When I turn-on my PC,it keeps beeping and nothing appears on the monitor screen...?
Is it safe to use a scratched disc to install an os?
Audio+video on laptop lags when playing in HD?
what kind of laptop/notebook should I buy?please help?
hey friends my pc has not a wi fi feature please help me?
MS Excel - Change general text to date format?
Why does Netflix only stream before 7pm on my Mac?
Is website depends on another server?
Good laptop for general use and gaming?
If i accidentally liked a status on facebook than unliked it and blocked the person, will it still show up?
OS for simple things?
Which laptop is better for gaming?
How to make it look like your on a celebrity's twitter?
My internet as of last week is constantly going on and Off. It will be on for about 30seconds then off?
Notepad: All Notepad Content Gone Save for Page Headings-Where's the Content?
Is this too hot for a 3570k?
When I hook up my lap top to my tv the screen saver shows but not my icons. Why?
Laptop screen went black but still runs?
Why doesn't my batch code work? (click for details)?
i want to upgrade my certification. at present i m work on servre 2012 shall i go for mcsa?
How can I get Office 2010 on Windows Vista?
Do hashtags get you followers and likes usually?
Does anyone play SUBURBIA on Facebook?
WHAT IS THE BEST CAMING DESKTOP??
Editing software for youtube videos?
How to reset my main hard drive?
I need help with my email account?
Buying a laptop! Mac or PC?
Pls suggest best website for ms-excel functions and formulas with simple examples..?
Looping and Array Problems?
How can I open a .csv file in I file?
How do I reduce latency?
Anybody know this video?
Which is better: uTorrent or BitTorrent?
Galaxy Nexus 4 Wifi connection issue?
How to factory reset my Alienware x51 r2?
My pc with core i3 processor,2 gb ram , 2.93ghz, gigabyte motherboard. Which Agp card i can buy?
Where do I find the tools in google docs?
Can my computer handle this graphics card?
what does it mean when a computer has high cpu usage? how to fix this so norton security service?
Will a laptop automatically shutdown if it overheats in sleep mode, to protect itself?
someone help please can you view this blog? its not showing for me?
If I delete the Kik app, then redownload it, will I get messages people sent to me when I deleted the app?
Any ideas how to fasten my laptop's speed?
Question about tagging on Facebook?
I am planning to buy a ati radeon by msi hd 7870 2gb, thus it will support this rig?
Can i install a sim card slot in my tab?
Okay, need some help from some computer geniuses out there?
Google play apps that let you download music from the Internet?
I am planning to buy a ati radeon by msi hd 7870 2gb, thus it will support this rig?
someone put a software on my iphone that records all my keystrokes, what all can they see?
Is this a good Gaming Setup?
Upgrading my PC. Need Support?
How do I start a website?
What is wrong with my laptop screen?
Should I invest into a different Power supply?
what site could I use? (anime)?
If someone posts to a group on Facebook or pictures someone has tagged of you, is that considered private?
Joomla vs Drupal vs Wordpress?
How to fix choppy Youtube videos?
pc keep clicking of the page/ item i select?
i did not know the bios password For my laptop can anyone help?
Why can't I ping the vlan address from a different vlan?
Reformat vs clean install windows 7?
What is the best internet provider for houston, tx?
How do you block 1person from post on Facebook?
Can leaving fast start in windows 8 hurt your computer because it's technically always on?
website building software similar to guru.com?
Where can i download minecraft episodes?
When windows movie maker is open, all sound is muted?
Community / Social website?
How to screenshot snaphat on a windows phone?
hdmi cable on samsung s22b370h?
Accidental Facebook request?
If I backup my iPhone data onto a computer, will anyone be able to view my music/pictures/etc?
what song is this? www.youtube.com/watch?v=JjVckYBiefE?
Windows 7 Password Prompt Since Installing Plug n Play Device...?
is idle 50% CPU usage normal?
How to make youtube channel more popular?
How to make youtube channel more popular?
Is there a way i can use a fake number to text someone with?
Why has Facebook got so boring?
I need help making youtube intro?
Where can i create this website?
Is this rig good for Skyrim and gaming?
how do i get to youtube inbox?
Is AMD R7 270X going to run good on Linux for general use?(Linux=General Use Windows 7=Gaming)?
How to get big on YouTube?
How do I keep add-ons from coming back?
If I removed someone on my news feed and then added them again will they know?
URGENT!! How to print stickers on the inkjet printer?
what is the best low price photo editing service for windows?
How can I make my computer run games more smoothly?
Write a JAVA program that will input 10 scores and output the Highest and Lowest score.?
Why is my ping so high all of the sudden?
How to unlink youtube accounts?
My laptops been \hijacked\?
Need websites that i can photoshop pictures.?
does hp make a cooling pad but for a specific notebook pc? i have the pavilion g7-1219wm notebook?
Do music files (.mp3) expire after a certain amount of time of inactivity?
What percent of everyone in the world has viewed \Gangnam Style\ on YouTube?
Green screen video editing program?
everything you know about bitcoin?
hey, i got google browser by default, how can i get rib of internet explorer without damage to my lapto?
What program did they use to do the paintbrush in Okami?
How to change the mouse settings on Windows 8?
question about side projects? need it to get a job?
Is it illegal to send personal information on the internet without permission?
How to access internet on Lumia?
Unwanted netflix users on account?
How can I promote my youtube video to get more views?
How to code a program that...?
what to make my first youtube video about?
What will I lose when I update JailBroken iPod?
Windows and Ubuntu Installation?
Was it harsh for me to delete my family on Facebook?
Facebook is being glitchy!?
Power-on and Hard Drive passwords?
What do I get if I want to build a gaming computer for under 350$?
Why PHP with XSLT/XML doesnt render for mobile browsers?
Flash video Download?
MacBook Pro or MacBook Air?
Should I buy this laptop for gaming?
PDF app for iPad that annotates images?
Why can't I edit my comments and posts on Facebook?
I want someone to have access to a series of videos online, but not be able to copy or download them?
What is better - a wifi modem or a broadband?
What do you need to make a youtube prank / gaming channel?
What is better - a wifi modem or a broadband?
Movie streaming site?
Which algorithm is slower?
my compter has picture of naked woman....how to remove background?
Help:A simple explanation of what the return 1; line does?
What is the best IP hiding program?
HELP...CD dick is stuck inside my compjter?
How can i install MaC os in non apple system?
fb blocked person automatically unblocked?
I think my boyfriend is spying on me via laptop?
How to convert virtual disk format VDI to VHD?
how would I link two computers so that changes i make on one will happen on the other?
how much can i sell my Alienware for?
Problem: My instagram comments just disappear after posting!?
I have Adobe Acrobat installed but still cannot open or download PDFs What the heck?
Does anyone else's galaxy s4 shut down or freezes when the cover has changed?
how can I get icons and font,bold,color back ?
I need a free people finder?
Have you ever read Facebook's Terms and Conditions?
Am I being hacked? Google problems.?
CD/DVD Drive on laptop is gone??
Trying to find a good fairly cheap laptop.?
switching cpu processor in a dell ?
HELP ASAP AMD FX Processor liquid cooler problem!?
Where can I find free excel metric charts online?
What the heck is siteintercept?
Best web hosting (free)?
Keeping My Gaming Headset Safe?
Is it possible to sign in to a Google account on a jail broken kindle fire running Android 4.2?
Which is a better Linux distro for an old laptop?
MalwareBytes Anti-Exploit and Norton AntiVirus?
Good nicknames/usernames for \Emily\?
Processor differences for a laptop?
how can i save picutres from a blocked cd to my computer?
When Uploading to Youtube My Video Gets Stuck At a Certain Percentage.?
What is the meaning of state 'TIME WAIT and ESTABLISHED' in Netstat?
Can I upgrade my laptop's processor?
My instagram doen't let me follow people anymore?
Help! 10 PTS! Quick PLZ!?
Which dongle should I use to surf and download large files?
Which dongle should I use to surf and download large files?
What type of Mac would be good for me?
Which wireless adapter to get?
does all lenovo g500 come wid integrated and dedicated graphics card ?
how to ad them back on facebook?
Can someone explain what this part of this C code does? (code included, thank you)?
Good AMD processor for a custom rig.?
My Samsung Galaxy S3 (Sprint) has a tendency to lock up and freeze sometimes. Please Help Me out.?
When should I put stickers on my laptop?
will an AMD Phenom II X4 920 processor work properly in my ASUS M3A76-CM motherboard?
Laptop's 3rd light which is disk shaped does not light up and comp does not turn on after RAM upgrade.?
wanting to upgrade ram but cant find model number?
How do I solve the plug-in error?
what could i do to fix this?
good proxy sites i could use?
will this power supply work with this graphics card?
If Facebook liked some page I never liked what do I do?
Postmaster@mail.hotmail.com?
Is http://jailbreakmenow.net safe to jailbreak from?
does low and high ping relate to modem?
My computer will not boot unless i press f5 repeatedly, What can I do to fix this myself?
My dell dimension 3000 says \Setup did not find any hard disk\ when I try to install windows xp?
(Urgent) How do I scramble a string with Visual Basic?
Spam emails? Can iPads get viruses? Help?
what to wear to GOOGLE?
How do I convince my mum to let me use Facebook?
My Computer Parts: Do They Match Up w/ Other Questions?
Gaming PC help (buy,build,mfs)?
Why does my headphones make a high pitched noise when a mouse is plugged in?
Which is the best network for 2g net?
Does my mac have a virus?
Can iPad's get viruses?
Is there an easy way to stop automatic updates of window 7 on notebook?
Is making money off of VPS illegal?
can I connect a router to a switch via Ethernet cable?
My Mom Won't Let Me Post Videos On YouTube?
Is it legal to use pictures off Google Images on Facebook pages?
How do I connect WiFi modem to pc with windows vista?
How can I start a blog that would attract both young guys and young girls?
how do I set up a facebook page?
What are some good things to look up on youtube?
Can I legally download this?
Desktop computer recommendation?
Microsoft Excel Formula Help, Continue if Yes, Stop if No?
Why is Barrel (cydia) Not Working?
How to prepare for programming competitions?
Is it illegal to spread personal information without permission?
How to access my YouTube channel on iPhone?
My computer suddenly can't connect wirelessly?
Does facebook know who you like?
How can I restore the operating system on my computer without any form of restoration disk?
Can I put a downloaded textbook on my kindle (pdf format)?
What are two advantages of EtherChannel? (Choose two.)?
Is Microsoft Security Essentials still good virus protection?
How do you delete using the 10 key numeric key pad?
my dell won't boot beyond the Dell splash screen?
Where in the Cisco Borderless Architecture is the forwarding rate crucial?
Is this a good gaming PC?
If I open a file stored on a flash drive is it automatically stored somewhere on my pc?
Did my friend block me or delete/deactivate her facebook?
Why would I need an Iphone, an Ipad, Apple TV, and a laptop?
Is my computer fast enough to run AC3?
Don't want sounds to go through headset when plugged in.?
Windows 8 question about the black bar jumping out constantly?
Email on youtube help please?
how to get rid of rootkit virus, do any of you know an anti-virus that could deal with it?
Will this laptop be good for gaming?
How can I check my computer for viruses/spyware?
I'm so sick of google!?
Why cant I request lives from ALL my facebook friends in candy crush?
If you're banned from ROBLOX, do you have to pay for Builder's Club?
Adobe Flash player 11 doesn't work properly?
what are the best facebook games that i can play against real people?
Computer building question!?
can i play world of warcraft on a pavilion g6 a6 VISION AMD notebook or will it run slow and not work?
What is Itunes on Samsung?
Should I buy a iMac to play emulators?
Software to make my voice sound more professional?
Recommendations for 17.3 inch laptop backpack?
Which is better buy GTX 650ti boost or Gigabyte Radeon HD 7870?
Who is the creator of iPhone 5?
I don't follow this logic?
Conversion websites: Youtube to MP3?
what is the best computer case for under $150?
How do I doctor up a picture of myself to make like I have hair?
What do i have to change to run bf4 on ultra 60+ fps?
What price should I put this computer at?
Merging my D:\\ partition with my C:\\ Partition?
How to open disk drive on Dell PC?
How do I know if my cpu fan is failing?
how to slow down internet?
How do I wipe my windows 8 pc if I don't have a OS disc?
How to choose the right difference of volume of voice and background music on video?
How do I wipe a MacBook Pro clean?
Ads taking over my computer?
Jailbreak for iOS 6.1.5?
My Laptops Built In Webcam Isn't Working? Help?
if i block someone on facebook do pictures they tagged me in?
Which gaming Laptop should I get? Alienware 14 or 17?
Is it possible to Print on Console characters that are not on keyboard or Unicode?
Virus? My laptop has been acting weird.?
What MIDI Keyboard Should I Buy?
How and Hide and fix hoc network?
Ps4 Hdmi to iMac 21.5in ?
How to install Win7 in an irregular manner?
How can I 'install' bootmgr (or a new OS) into a new hard disk for a Vaio Computer?
Building my first gaming rig?
Facebook on an android phone?
Is this RAM Stick compatible with my computer?
What is best for a tablet?
How should you layout your pages in Word 2010 to make a landscape booklet when you staple it together?
Books etc to learn how to build and repair computers?
how to download a google play store app straight onto my sd card?
a good graphics card for £90 up?
What size does my image need to be to fit the youtube screen?
How to make an application for iPhone, Windows phone, and android?
How do you change your public I.P. address?
Please help identify this girl.?
cleaning the printerheads....?
Why wont netflix work on my computer?
How does one access the \built-in note-making feature\ for Microsoft Office Word 2003?
I am looking for a laptop that can run minecraft and garrys mod?
Any websites/forums to share my gaming video/channel?
how to load file in address line? file available as download...?
Is there a way to disable my FB account without totally deleting everything and everyone?
Good graphics card but still lags?
Can anyone recommend a decent microphone for karaoke please?
Computer lagging and freezing?
Will this mother board fit in this case and how many slots for graphics cards and ram does the motherboard hav?
having problems fixing my'' scroll - bar ''on chrome?
Do graphics cards need certain processes work?
MacBook Saved File------Help?
Laptop camera editor?
Dropped my laptop on the floor, help !!!!?
ASUS M5A78L LE with 3 AMD 7950 cards and a oczgxs850 with only 2 PCIE power providers, would it work?
I want to hide my relationship status from one person on Facebook but there's no custom sign thing?
Using a Lenovo Yoga Think pad as a Cintiq?
Is unity3D Ok on en envy hp computer?
I only have a few friends on facebook?
I want to hide my relationship status from one person on Facebook but there's no custom sign thing?
App that combines two photos like this, with no space in between? Instagram help.?
Help with microsoft office 2010 please?
I cant Delete Photos Which I Sync from mac?
Tablet driver not found? I have a Bamboo tablet...?
AT&T DSL going slow (really slow)?
What is a good gaming PC for $800?
Apple Computer, images erasing duplicates?
Does Twitter tell you how many people viewed your profile?
How can I record on my computer?
how do i get the real name from a snapchat username?
is this a good gaming computer?
Clever title for an essay on the effects of technology on our brain?
Can you put the music you purchased on the google play store to itunes ?
How facebook (and yahoo now) knows who I am?
HTML Table Code to fill in dots?
Are these good gaming computer specs?
Dating apps for macbook computer?
Is there a device with which a dongle can be used to give a wifi signal?
I AM HAVING COMPUTER ISSUES PLEASE HELP ME?
MacBook Pro, nudity, and the genius bar.... HELP!!!!!?
my name is mary and in looking for a usernamefor my snapchat any ideas?
Is there anyway to show myself offline to my friends of Facebook?
How much is my hp pavilion touch smart worth?
Is Dolphin browser safe to install and use on kinle fire hd?
Free Websites that let you use your own HTML?
Fear of 3D animation or computer generated imagery?
How can I add a bloglovin follow button to my blog, error continues to show up?
How do I fix my keyboard?
Internet Explorer 11 not working with walmartmoneycard.com?
How do I send a message to the center of Facebook?
is aliexpress safe/real?
People who make good YouTube videos?
Slow internet at night? Sydney?
Upgrading laptop for $300?
DNS server isn't responding?
Power supply for the AMD R9 280X?
I want more likes (100) on Instagram without hashtags..how do I make that possible?? HELP!!?
What are some sites that list me on Google?
Can someone give me an rar extractor that ISN'T a virus?
Why is my computer NOT allowing me to do a \System Restore\?
How can I fix my laptop from clicking and to get the hard drive to boot?
Is this laptop good for gaming?
I need my facebook email an password?
Is there a website for free Facebook credits?
Can i download the internet?
What is a basic fundamental electricity?
When does iTunes 12 release?
If I install Windows 32-bit twice, will I get Windows 64-bit?
Can you help my with my sound problem on my Dell laptop?
What's the cheapest intel processor I can get for my gigabyte gtx 760 4gb?
any name ideas plz read description?
Fastest way to make $50 from a YouTube video?
how can I recover my password?
i have a half a headphone plug in piece in my computer?
where is save in notepad?
I need to run recovery on on my laptop windows 8.1?
Best gaming computer?
Best AM3+ Motherboard?
Why won't the cultists show up?????!!!?
why cant i veiw my friends profile picture on her wall {read discription}?
why cant i veiw my friends profile picture on her wall {read discription}?
HTML for background image settings?
Calculate distance on a map?
How would they lose my dats if it's only a hardware problem?
Can I bridge a xfx R9 270X with a xfx R7950 on an Intel Sabertooth Z87?
Can I prepare for Red Hat Certified exams using CentOS?
I can't reset my password and no one knows it?
Where can i share my gameplay video?
Can I install & use \Whats App\ on my laptop computer (my smartphone isn't working)?
What are some good fashion videos I can make for my YouTube channel?
Can I install 2GB or more memory on my system?
identity theft solutions?
When i install windows 64bit do i need to install everything again including Microsoft word?
any good YouTube name that would suit me?
why do my youtube videos stop when fully loaded?
Computer shuts off without any warning?
My spell check not working right .How can I fix it?
Which one should I buy a computer or a 3DS XL?
Laptop hinges are loose?
how do I get google autoI backup off my computer?
My laptop screen is broken, can I transfer my files?
windows 7 Failure to display security and shut down options?
I want more privacy on Facebook?
Which one is better of these 2 gamin gpc, advice please?
anyone know what YouTube name would suit me?
What is the best computer to buy for surfing the web for contests and freebies?
How do I transfer photos from a windows 8 laptop to my iphone?
Javascript help, getElementById returning null?
Shot at over facebook help?
Laptop screen blank but lit?
Hi i have an samsung sgh f510 and i wona to see tv in it but she say me whit text please insert h3g usim card?
My laptop screen will not work?! HELP urgent for Culminatings , best answers will be given!!!!!?
how does this program work?
How do I launch MySql from command line of a Mac?
How can I change my security system on my PC?
internet explorer stopped working?
tagged in someone's picture but i only want some people to see it..?
Unique youtube name ideas?
How do I turn off league of Angels add?
how to implement DE code in MATLAB?
Why is Windows 8.1 so difficult to navigate?
A good laptop for college?
My default city keeps showing up wrong no matter how many times I attempt to remove it Help?
Making A Budget Gaming Computer?
How can I make my computer fastest and never slow down?
Is mSATA the form factor used in 2.5\ SATA hard drives?
How do I know if my cpu fan is failing?
How do torrent sites get movies still in theaters?
Help solving PHP code?
I'm trying to retrofit a win 8...?
The ads follow me on Safari?
Can my MacBook Pro be damaged?
When you delete downloads it permanently trashed?
Video editing: Hardware Requirements?
Whys isn't my computer finishing downloads?
Can I still exchange my laptop to best buy?
help finding laptop model number?
Is it safe to send a copy of my information to Paypal?
Whats the difference between Apple TV and Mac Mini?
Someone please help me?
samsung galaxy mega 5.8 or xperia zl ?
My computer has progressively gotten slower?
How do I get rid of security questions when I'm trying to purchase something?
Why does my graphics card drivers stop working?
My laptop's touchpad have a problem?
Trouble with Matlab assignment. Help!?
Cant click on certain links.?
C++ Problem: What does the following code block do?
Facebook profile picture gets stretched out as a thumbnail?
How do I find out if someone is stalking me on twitter?
If someone deletes you off their Snapchat friend list, can you still see their best friends?
Legal to install Mac OS X on unsupported macbook?
Internet connection on my desktop is faulty but the connection for my laptops still work fine?
How do I put ask fm on facebook?
IS there a program that I can link to powerpoint or adobe in which I can record while taking notes?
A Decent PC For Gaming?
What format do i use to edit a scan document?
Youtube: How many views/subs do i need to get for me to make money with Google Adsense?
What is a video link?
WIFI Tethering, well sort of...?
What reason do people remove and block someone from their Facebook page?
am i using to much wifi??
C++ Problem: Consider the following state of the object my_vector...?
IOS 7 JAILBREAK PROBLEM?
Processor differences for a laptop?
What videos should I make for my youtube gaming channel?
Android Tablets: Is there no way to update the operating system?
I hap HP Pavilion , I forgot my HP Owner password, I tried everything voters choice said, Now what can I do??
Facebook video chat help?
What laws have affected Facebook?
What's a good but comfy and durable Headset with Microphone under $12?
what does im adopting a monkey mean?
Trying to find YouTube animated short series. HELP!?
My computer boots up but displays nothing?
Is there any way or scope to get in google, samsung, microsoft or in other MNC for iOS developer?
I'm scared and don't know how to do this programming assignment? What do I do?
Which do you like better? Apple or Google?
What are similar websites to facebook?
SSD and operating systems?
data structures through c by yashwant kanetkar?
Okay, so I learnt some basics of C. Pointers, files, structs etc. So what's next?
Mac Os X 10.6 or 10.7?
Check this out and sub?
Minecraft for mac help?
Can I recover a single file from my Western Digital hard drive?
Is it safe to download java now ?
What laptop is good for college and sims 3?
MY INTERNET ISN'T WORKING GOOD?
Is \Disk defragmenting\ a good thing for a PC or laptop?
Finding number of comments and numbers?
Possible heat damage to new laptop because of putting in laptop bag while in sleep mode (fan running)?
How do register a product key for Microsoft?
PROBLEM IN GOOGLE ADSENSE ACCOUNT. HELP ME!!!?
how to runubuntu 13.10 as root?
YouTube Username Ideas?
how much does it cost to clean up your labtop?
did mac os x image preview deleted my image?
i've moved some of my music files and now my itunes can't locate them, what do i do?
What is the best way to stream pandora without using your phone, tv, computer etc?
Best YouTube software?
Good laptop for these things?
Facebook is being a d*ck?
Jailbreak ipod 2g 4.2.1?
How do I locate a program that did have an icon on my desktop?
is there something wrong with the facebook?
command to close the cmd window?
Macbook Help!!!!!!!!!'?
what should i do??? :'(?
there are many things on my recently watched page that i didn't watch. could i have a hacker problem?
What is causing this grinding noise in my laptop?
How to post stuff to the Facebook wall?
Do I need to password protect my laptop?
Why can we use a foreach loop to iterate through the members of any collection in the entire .NET framework?
What's a video editing software to merge and trim clips?
Ios 7 jailbreak problem?
What should I upgrade my GPU to given my current one?
4 way 780 ti 3GB vs 2 780 ti 6GB for 4k?
Phineas and Ferb Episode Help!!!!?
what's the best security program to have on your computer?
Transparent images getting white background when saved?
Which Graphics Card is Better?
Scanner is input or output device?
Anyone know why Norton 360 won't download to an oldish laptop? Everything else seems to?
Can I connect a Bluray Player to a PC ?
windows 7 Failure to display security and shut down options.?
What's going on with my computer?
What is the best laptop for a student?
Where is the best place to buy an iMac in the UK?
What kind of laptop should I get?
Is there any legit wow gear and gold sellers?
I need opinions of Ask.Fm?
Reinstalling windows 7?
I messed up and installed windows 8.1 to the same disk as windows 7. How can I dual boot now?
Can any one help me to find out my source code for c programing ?
Windows 7 Taskbar won't unlock?
How to put up a youtube profile pic?
how to add a logo in a video with windows movie maker?
how do you transfer what's on the screen from my computer to the tv?
where should i to contact for install the mobiletower in bihar?
Why YouTube comments don't load?
How do I Change my Computers Name?
Installing my graphics card in to a pc!?
When i plug my charger into my laptop my screen tears?
Is there a website that shows texts for a short time?
How to write my first blog post?
cant delete program cause of advast?
Can I make money by creating a parody?
How do you get rid of malware?
I need a clever senior (12th grade) Facebook name... my name is Rachel and my last name starts with a Z?
How can I see who is the mutual friend of a person who is not my friend on facebook.?
how we install bluestacks on 248 of ram?
how to limit cpu usage on certain programs?
Why won't the time display appear when video/picture are downloaded?
In the laptop I put earbuds in USB by accident in the dark. What damage has it done?
Is it safe to run CCleaner on my registrary file on my XP notebook?
MS Access- How to fill field automatically with another table field?
Price error on website?
Youtube Converter questions? Please answer!?
Where can I get a cheap laptop from?
I need twitter help.?
Snapchat website to access snapchat online on your computer?
Can anybody help me with InvoicePro for mac?
How do i install back my microsoft office and everything??? PLEASE NEED HELP?
How to create a GMAIL account without phone verification?
How is 256gb configurable to 512gb on a 13 inch macbook air?
how do i install back my microsoft office and everything??? PLEASE NEED HELP?
Experiences with EE UK Fibre Optic Broadband?
what website can i download music to my computer for free?
i have Pentium dual core 2.60ghz processor , gigabyte energy saver motherboard which graphic card should i buy?
What are all the uses for FLstudio?
Where do I get funny images for use in a gaming video?
HOW DO I BLOCK THE USE OF MY PC?
Iob net banking shows ur account does not exist in pdfbmaster......wat s tat.....pls help?
how do I make new folders on my tablet? Do I have to go to regular pc and do it?
how do i knw tht i have dynamic or static network ip address i uses adsl broadband (wifi)?
how old can i buy a computer monitor in store?
when does Windows moves files and when doesn´t?
Program with a memory in C++?
Can I switch my external hard drive on my laptop and put Linux on it?
People,is the ios 7 jailbreak still buggy?
Need help with graphic cards?
What I do for connect my laptop to internet in xp?
How does youtube.com works?
is there any expert who can help me on laptops with amd crossfire setup?
Math formulas for computer networking?
some programming ideas?
Where is Dell XPS M1730's CPU processor?
How do you open an RAR file?
2004hondaaccord2.4ltimingchine?
Iphone 4 w/ ios 7 Restore?
Is there a way to get more gb on a macbook air?
Is there an app that blocks other apps for a certain amount of time so I don't become distracted?
which softwere is the best for making animation with adobe products?
Help with JavaScript validation?
can i flash my ZTE router with DDWRT for vpn ? is vpn free on DDWRT ?how cani get it ?
how can i get my system to become dual channel?
Strange status bar icon (Android)?
Is it impossible to delete individual files from notepad 8 (in windows 8 or 8.1)?
My Sony Xperia software is corrupted ?
Can you search by joined facebook date?
Best 14\ core i3 laptop with 6 cell battery?
YouTube playback error on my PC?!?
Windows Movie Maker help?
My touchpad is acting up.?
Will this Motherboard support my CPU and Graphics card?
New acer tablet, can't get past Windows Security pop up?
My laptop says no network connection, but my iphone has connetion?
Tumblr help - i need to make disappear my username from my post - take a look:?
How to disable youtube's fullscreen mode by double clicking in chrome?
what is the latest version of windows movie maker for windows 7?
how to put favorite sayings on my emails permenently?
what are seeders and leechers?
is TP-Link WR740N a DSL Router?
Google Earth Error Message.......?
Truecrypt, encrypted SD CARD ?!!?
Why are my Flash website buttons working wrong in browsers?
Editing Photos For Free?
Why is it not letting me change my Youtube URL?
how to use of the snmp software ?
which is more important in general surfing the internet? downloading speed or uploading speed?
Is it bad to never shut down my computer?
Does youtube count my views as my playlist views?
How to use your computer microphone as input for speakers?
Does it make a difference if I download libreoffice without javascript activated?
samsung e452 laptop wont turn on even when plugged in?
Best GPU for a 450W PSU?
Help me please!! (CMOS)?
I want to make my own YouTube channel ?
How to attract more people to a youtube channel?
What is wrong with internet explorer ?
What is the best website to learn office 2013?
asus x550ca-cj677h review?
How to make a Paypal dispute without an account?
How do I find IP addresses on my network with a certain port open?
Graphics cards better or = to 9800 GTX 512 DDR3?
how many times can we take facebook programming challenge?
How to get Google backlinks?
Need help on choosing a USB?
How can I sucesfully sell an item on Ebay for the first time?
Why isn't this working ?
Has anyone used Quibids? Is it real or internet hoax?
Need Scandinavian email providers, which one do you recommend?
My facebook id block ho gayi hai?
My facebook id block ho gayi hai?
how do i format a desk top computer running XP?
can anyone please advise what is the most suitable tablet for my 8oyr old mother?
How to get windows 7 on ASUS K55N-DB81?
How can I create a new folder in Microsoft Word 2010?
why i cant connect to my steam account??my internet connection very stable.?
Does the socket of a processor affect performance?
Internet download speed question?
how do i connect to wifi on my iphone?
how to make pc monitor not turn on?
I'm new to junowallet app. but apparently the invite code; JD2683093 gives a bonus $5.00.?
Facebook is like a jail. Your sit around,waste time, have a profile picture, write on walls?
I want to delete the recovery partition on my hard drive but I can't?
H610 Pro Huion tablet - So many problems...?
should I delete my aunt from my Facebook ??
Youtube wont go in HD?
Does CPU cache size matter that much?
how to copy songs from computer to cd using nero?
No one likes anything I put on facebook?
i have forgotten everything my recovery code my answers as well can anybody help me for quick heal?
How do I make a car look like its moving in video editor?
7zip always has broken file?
The letter b won't work on my keyboard please help?
How to make border like this in gimp?(pic inside)?
Is this a good computer for minor gaming (more than just minecraft) and also school work/web browsing?
Macbook pro; I installed Maverick and I can't figure out the trackpad gestures.?
How to make a brochure in Google Docs?
Anybody know how to get rid of nation zoom off your computer as its a bad virus ?? please?
Need help making a batch file RPG?
i dont know what to do. help please?
Is free-shipping on Amazon only an option inside U.S?
Infected computer-windows virtual protector?
Suggest me a good Laptop! [2014 - JAN]?
If I download torrents using my work network (with no individualized password), is it possible to get caught?
p.o box can I use it?
Instagram likes on pictures?
how can i refresh my asus notebook?
Does a DDR3 ram uses DDR3 gpu?
what is a safe computer help site?
how to download excel ?
I want a gaming computer but no sure what to buy?
Micro SD doesn't show up in 'My Computer'?
YouTube won't upload videos?
Would this graphics card be good with my PC?
what is wrong with this line of Java code?
Which internet provider supports a VPN connection the best?
I keep getting weird snapchats?
Asus g750 jw VS Lenovo y510p?
Is this a Good gaming laptop? I need one under $630!?
I want to buy a computer under rs25000 help me?
Is this site trustworthy and will this version of Windows work.?
What do you prefer? Windows 8 or Mac OS? Why?
Download Videos from websites like Nuts.co.uk and PornHub.com?
Whats better Dual GTX 660 FTW SE 3GB or Single GTX760?
Headphones part of earpiece not working?!?
New dell inpiron running very slow.....?
Youtube Help???????????
What do you think of this pc?
Is this a good minecraft computer?
Am I really using all my RAM? (more RAM installed than specs say is supported)?
Laptop keeps crashing and going to blue screen?
My nvidia graphic card gtx 650 stop working plese help?
how to ask a question in the microsoft website?
Why are some people listed in the white pages and others not?
is google trying to kill me?
Why are people so mean on omegle?
What laptop should i get?
What is the current best premium internet security suite?
The ads on Google are killing me. How can i get rid of them?
how do i close my screen and sign off?
Why torrent websites like TPB aren't banned if users can download copyrighted softwares which is illegal?
Are there any apps for saving web pages into pdf format?
Where can I find a job?
The Sony Vegas Question (HELP PLEASE) ?
What do i have to change to run bf4 on ultra 60+ FPS?
What are the things that gets affected when wordpress theme updates come?
Downloader for chrome or firefox?
Audio of a video file has a error?
My friend put up a video of my on Facebook but nothing is happening about it?
how to turn your windows 7 laptop into a wifi hotspot for android phone?
Hi..i planed to build my carrier in cyber security field.which are the courses that i should do..?
how we can make comments better ??
Are nvidia GT 640's good?
Help with excel formulas!?
Searching for an ideal laptop ...which one i should buy?
Rate my PC PLZ PLZ 10 pts!?
how do i change the format of my new mac formatted hard drive making it visible on windows?
Which computer will perform better?
How do i connect my iphone 5 to itunes?
Does Embedded Links Affect my Website?
IP address problem...Please help!?
[How to fix] PS/2 Keyboard is not working to enter setup(bios)?
hp pavillion g6 laptop wont turn on?
My laptop knows my exact address?
how can i made a approved fb id./ what to do to made my Facebook id approved by fb authority??
Where is my CD-ROM(G/:) drive?
Dual computer monitors (PC), dual tasking.?
Website to download your photos to?
Can I plug my router into an extension cable?
can i buy nvidia gt 640?
what is my PC current market value ?
Is this data transfer program valid (8086 microprocessor)?
How do I connect my Edirol FA-66 Firewire Interface to my iMac?
Hi can someone help me to extract the password from the file for motogp 2008.....?link is given below?
how does www.changeyourlifespells.com works?
I need a govt laptop can anyone tell me where to get?
What are you doing right now besides Surfing the Internet?
\about me\ in blogger?
toshiba ac100 help me please?
How do i list for free on ebay when listing a 'buy it now' item?
Help with running Crysis?
Is there a version of linux that works with touch screens?
How can make my picture to 2\x2\?
How to root samsung galaxy tab2 ?
WHAT CAMERA SHOULD I USE - YOUTUBE ADVICE - Jamie's World?
I found a laptop at best buy is it good?
Somehow I lost about 16 GB, how to I get it back?
which is the best ebook reader?
Auto cad 2014 Trail Version Installation ?
Copied my website . Is this aloud ?
Good graphics card for run gta 4 on my pc?
Why is my ASUS battery light flashing?!?
can a wireless router be the cause of a high ping test result?
I found a laptop at best buy is it good?
how to make social networking better ?
I have 3gp and mp4 file. I have to burn it through nero8. How to do that?
Help please!!! I need to recover my youtube account, but...?
any software for screen video n audio recorder for window7?
I want to copy jokes from website to whatsapp to send them to my friends i want to know how to do this?
How to recharge or get foocall.com credits?
Laptop stuck at start up!?
Why does my laptop keep switching off or crashing?
Adobe After Effects CS4 Installation Failed? PLZ HELP!!!?
My new PC makes a loud roaring noise?
Help with running Crysis on my laptop?
Who is the couple in this photo?
How to use touchwiz ui on tab 2?
My boyfriend has not friended me on facebook. is he trying to hide something?
How to make/find a template to divide a page into equal rectangles (blank note cards)?
Simple HTML stuff with Notepad qustion?
the new notepad sucks?
norton internet security 2013 vs 2014?
I need a site where I can upload files (back up) and retrieve at any time.?
Windows XP kingston memory stick problem? ***Urgent***?
Should i buy MacBook Air ?
Gaming laptop under RM 4000.?
Why is my laptop saying my DVD is empty when its not?
How do I change my defult download location on my iphone?
How can you edit an image to do this?
How to post in 700 users timeline in facebook using facebook C# SDK?
how can i have wired connection aswell as a router?
my computer does'nt enter?
Is this laptop worth £1250?
Need help with gpu!! sorry for spam?
Why Can't I Unistall Entropia Universe?
I need to know why when running google chrome it crashes.?
How to control endless scrolling in a bubble tab on Tumblr?
how to edit or update record in mysql database using php?
What are some tips to keep a Li-ion laptop battery for long period?
What is the current best premium internet security suite?
Power Point Presentation on Earthquake?
Will these parts be ok for this pc build?
Remove footer from free website?
My Laptops Cursor Won't Show Up? How Do I Get it Back?
I need help. I'm new to Macbook. Pretty please?
Any solution to this problem that EBay or my laptop may be causing ?
Problem in transfering pdf files from HP laptop to my HP tablet?
How to Change My Tumblr Cursor?
Do I need to format a new HDD before installing Win 7 for the first time or will it format itself?
Need help with gpu! !?
How to sharpen a pic in Gimp?
Why schools teach us java? i hate java!?
Does a Intel i7 950 at stock speed bottleneck Nvidia GTX 780 overclocked by 100. ?
My sister linked my iphone to her facebook?
Why is my PC rebooting and monitor turns off?
Do you think this is good price for a laptop?
My Routers extender gives me limited acces when it's on?
do you think this is good price for a laptop?
pretty good privacy ( PGP )can be used in what type of application ?
Android Programming Exercises, for beginners?
can I get adblock without having Chrome?
Alienware laptop suggestions?
Need help with gpu!!?
What is the best graphics card under £350?
Can a UK Programmer get a temporary job in the US?
How can I change my Youtube name?
How to increase twitter followers fast?
By signing into my google account, will my browsing history be saved on it too?
Do internet providers track your history?
Which distro is best for my machine?
Could I make a living as a freelance web developer?
What is an SSD used for and why would it be used at the same time with a HDD?
POF trouble uploading pictures?
'file name would be too long for the destination folder' How do I delete it?
Corel Video Studio Voice Over issue, help?
Memory upgrade on my Toshiba Satelitte?
What does the filter tool on Photoshop do?
How to share WiFi as Ethernet?
what is the best make of laptops?
My Samsung LED looks very dark around the sides?
2 sided printing on pages, the 2nd side is upside down!?
How to convert IMG to JPEG?
What is the toll free number to know about internet , softwares and about the problems I face with my tab.?
Hard burn .srt subtitles into a mp4?
can any one help me to find out my source code for c programing ?
Im looking for someone who can help me build a games website in the uk?
Will this graphics card fit in my pc?
How do i publicize my You Tube ameteur video clip?
Why does every youtube video I watch pause randomly ?
WHY is my MacBook Pro doing this and WHAT can I do?
How to publish software written with wxWidgets !License,Copyright etc.?
The best brand new sony laptop and phone?
Suggest compatiable Motherboard?'?
How to setup lan network between XP and Windows 8?
How can i send photo massege in facebook on my nokia lumia620?
Help me!!!!my computer isn't working?
Router keeps on turning off and on every 5minutes?
Someone please suggest a good torrent- downloading website?
how to recover permanently deleted hangouts (chats) from gmail ?
What is the website \backpage\ used for?
Which is latest.? Photoshop CS6 or CS8 ?
Which programing language should i learn first?
how to fix this powerpoint problem ?
Do i need a modem? (please reply quickly)?
Is this normal? I have 8GB (only 7,89 usable)?
Is a wireless router hardware or software?
gtx 670 amazon at 420$, while in india its available for 50000,which option is better,considering import duty?
my wife put accountability software on my mac-book pro without my knowledge. How do I remove it?
How to enlarge the small video of yourself in Skype?
Sims 3 Blue screen of Death Help?!?
Is there a site that assigns you a program to write in C and then checks the result?
Computer Freezes and dosn't want to load?
I want to resize image to fixed size(eg.200x200) using java..?
Please tell me a good laptop under 40000 discounted price with the following features?
Where Can I Find A \Patriot Rage XT 8 GB USB stick\ without having to pay it expensively?
How do I divide audio from multiple screens?
Is there any way to locate ios 7.0.4 \SYSTEM\ file using ifunbox?
HOW TO EXIT CONNECT TO ITUNES WITH NO COMPUTER?
What are network protocols & standards?
What are the main differences between MD5 and MD6 hash algorithms?
Laptop doesn't always turn on...?
Change custom privacy on facebook once I posted something?
What's the best Windows laptop that small, portable and packs a punch?
google chrome - help?
How to change from Linux to windows 7? anybfy help!?
Help plz my laptop compaq windows xp shows \system disabled [03137]?
I need help with Visual Basic 2010?
I had forgot my yahoo password and security question also plss help I need to unlock it as soon as possible?
Desktop computer won't boot after large power surge?
why does twitter followers increase 3 times or more when i follow someone?
Can Netgear WNDR3800 random disconnects be caused by having \turn off wireless by schedule\ enabled?
HP Probook 450G1 Problem, Help Please?
How do you screen shot on windows 8?
Downgrade toshiba laptop?
Which of these two laptops is better?
Windows won't install updates. Help?
How to make a document default open with MS Word?
how to start and stop mysql on windows?
i have made a website from sites.google.com but i am redirected to go daddy.com?
how much could I sell this computer for?
hisense tablet acting as a camera?
Does anyone Know the best sony pro solfware?
How can I get school management softwere free ?
Does this ebay item (Windows 7) look legitimate?
can insta fights get you in trouble?
My external HDD changed formats from NTFS to RAW. Is it safe to recover data by myself or consult an expert?
Error message: AMD graphics need to be updated but how?
my hard drive keeps on filling up even if I'm not downloading anything, is this normal?
Java Problem: Counting all instances of repeating fractions from a text file?
I ran ccleaner now windows wont start, what happened??
Windows 8.1 pro Ethernet Limited Weird Bugs Help?
I got may nephew a Galaxy tab 2 and he has ruined the sound card, is an external sound card any good and is i?
Flipagram, Instagram, Gif Problems?
Switching Motherboards?
Urgent Question on Website URL?
i want to uninstall whatsapp and reinstall it?
Getting an I.P address issue.?
windows 7 running slower than usual lately?
Macbook Pro *late 2013* charging issues?
Is this code the best it can be?
Regarding jobs in big data for the next two years?
Is dellsmart.com safe?
Can someone please help me find this video?
Will upgrading to windows 8 keep all my files and programs?
Asus g750jw for next gen?
does Facebook have profile layouts like myspace?
How can we edit this to get this effect using imovie software?
Alienware 17 vs MSI GT70 vs Asus G750JX?
C++ program to find the sum of first 10 natural numbers using while loop?
Hiii. Why should I have to buy a laptop online from Dell.com?
I deactivated and reactivated my Facebook account on my iPhone. When I try to log into the app it keeps tellin?
When did you last use your computer to?
Any idea 3G trick please it's to fast bt very costly?
How to create pages to facebook, instagram ect. on Tumblr?
can this laptop run tera?
Do goggle alerts actually work?
How can I click through a PP presentation while few meters form computer?
Is there a way to lock your apps in a folder?
Is there a way to lock your apps in a folder?
My YouTube video says \Demo\ on the screen?
Can i install windows 7 in my preinstalled windows 8 laptop ?
I have a compaq desktop I forgot my password and I can't get into my computer?
my s3's wifi stopped cause of ip?
My e-mail keeps timing out and asking me to sign back in every 30 seconds or so. I need this fixed. How?
is intel icore 3 4th gen good enough?
Sync cracked app ios 7.0.4?
How do I save a photo from this link? http://musclelove.com/view/58973?
which microsoft net studio is free for download?
i want to use hi-speed internet under 1000 per month?
i have login from facebook but i forgot my pasword and one of secturity question.please help me??
Is it ok to make youtube videos without microphone?
my instagram got deleted - they deserve a lawsuit?
how long will my pc run games on ultra/high?
How do I reset my samsung laptop?
Google Chrome \unable to access the network\?
Install DOS to Windows 8/8.1?
Is catalyst control center and ati radeon same thing ?
is a GTX 480 still a good graphics card?
How do I Leave the PC Setting Page on Windows 8?
Why doesn't my microphone work?
Can I make lists of friends that can see my pics?
What is a good laptop to get?
Where does Skype save contact's avatars on Windows 7?
Good YouTube Usernames?
my laptop is plugged in, charging...but it still says 0%?
please answer this question quickly?
Is it really worth to update from Windows 8 to Windows 8.1?
Why is my div not floating left like coded in my CSS?
What is a difference between terms Unicast-Multicast-Broadcast and P2P-P2M-M2M?
Thoughts on AMD processors?
please help me minecraft question?
What is Visual data manager?
iCloud Photos Backup?
What is the name of this Youtube channel?
What must I consider when buying a new motherboard for my PC?
Java Error \|| is undefined\?
Why I can't Like any statuses in my Android phone Facebook..?
how can i send a text message from another phone number?
Is app purchases made in android valid in iosdevice?
Do you know some Easter eggs present on c or php?
Can any wire work with UE 4000 Headphones?
Can I run Day Z with current Laptop?
Hi, dudes : i need some help..about gta sandreas requirements ...?
How do I get my youtube channel noticed?
which tablet is better Acer 710 or Lenovo a1000?
How can I \pin\ the screen when I'm using puffin browser on my android?
What is the maximum zoom for gimp?
wifi wlan Bluetooth driver not installing?
I am having trouble getting my laptop with windows 8 to wake up?
can you help me with my facebook group problem? ? ? please :(?
Why My Video Card Showing Error Like This?
My laptop isn't starting?
A question regarding writing footnotes in office?
I have lost all my pictures from my pc as changed my windows from 7 to 8. plz can u tell how to get them back?
Which laptop to buy hp pavilion or dell inspiron, plz answer. Thanks?
What does this GIF mean? Help?
Should I message my parent's old friend on facebook for some advice?
I think stores are lying about being hacked?
Download YouTube videos to mobile?
to make the peer to peer network successful?
are these configuration are good for gaming at 1080p....?
Laptop Screen Replacement at Ampang?
I want to see Life OK full videos on its site but my Samsung GT- S5302 didn't supports flash?
hello, are there any reasonably good graphics card for a good price?
Java programming using while loop?
how to remove the pop up of 111.com?
How do I save a pdf off a webpage?
Micro SD Card Write Protected?
How do I burn music from ITunes?
Which graphics card should I buy?
Which graphics card should I buy?
Should i make a youtube channel?
How to remove a virus? I NEED HELP!?
Is This Girl Avoiding Me On Facebook?
I want to delete twitter but...?
Can anyone help my GPU problem?
Fair Use Law Regarding Let's Plays On YouTube...?
How to reset my Dell Inspiron (N5110) Windows 7?
How to use libraries with Visual Studio 2010?
WoW Mop Disc Installation Problem?
DvD insert sample.....?
How to hack into a blocked website? HELP I'M DESPERATE?
How to reset uttorent or boost it up really?
I need to understand any pattern of asterisks?
Why is my wifi signal strength low?
Hello! can my laptop support the walking dead episode 1 game?
What's wrong with being a ghost follower on instagram?
How can there be more E-mails than internet searches?
I need a good collage app?
Why wont my Facebook work properly on my Firefox browser?
how can i change my facebook email id?
Can I use this cable alone?
not install in window xp?
Questions about Gmail on Android?
I want to find a person who monitor my system and change something in my pc . I think when in event viewer/ s?
Will dual boot Win 7 and 8.1 format my PC?
what is the problem with this access vb code?
what's the cost for hiring a webmaster?
Is there actually an Alienware laptop under $800?
Dell inspiron 1520 wont start up?
What is the default login account of play store?
namecheap web hosting own computer?
What do you think about this configuration?
Will Kaspersky Internet Security 2014 work with my existing license when I reinstall Windows?
Why Does Facebook think that I'm 12?
how to display variables in one line using visual basic?
Fun games for Facebook fandom fan pages?
javascript a bad first programming language, not sure whether!?
Tablet for college. need help?
is it bad to post this on ig?
how long would it takemtombuild a fully operable operating system?
how do you remove VPN and restore to factory default?
How do I change the security question of my Apple ID?
I have changed my monitor crt to lcd 600*900 resulation. but screen not clear & no size .ihav win 7?
I have to open Windows Task manager then end chrome processes to force open chrome is there a way to fix it?
i dont want to scroll my logo and menu of my webpage can any one suggest how can i do this...?
Can you put a PCI-E SSD on a custom-built computer or are they only available for Macs?
One of my gmail account unable to open as forgot the password and also forgot recovery mail or phone number or?
what's the best internet security software out there and is it free?
Is there a shortcut for an undo in Sony Vegas Pro 11?
Can't watch videos on iPhone?
Help with computer files?
Play phone music via bluetooth on windows 8?
Question about Facebook searching?
Is GeForce GTX 760 can fits in Hp Pavilion p7-1423w ?
Is there any way to hack wpa2 wifi on android?
I want to buy a 2gb graphic card for my hp pavilion 5340a desktop with ram 2gb and processor core 2 duo sugges?
How can I use snapchat online?
How to join a group on whatsapp ?
Is that processor (Intel PDC G3220 4th Gen.) good for gaming ?
Is this feature related to the We Chat app? If not, what other app has this ability?
Can someone help me find an AMD CPU to go with my Radeon HD 7950?
My desktop pc won't connect to my wireless interenet anymore...but it connects fine to my router? Help!?
FBI browser lock screen?
Why, When i install ATI Catalyst Control Center, does computer instantly Blue screen and shut down?
Window Vista and Airport Extreme?
which is the best graphics card for me?
Grauate with a BSc in computer science, i want to get a ORACLE and PMP certification?
Problems with my Program Files (x86) Folder.?
Tell me what i could run with this computer gaming wise :)?
What kind of laptop should I buy?
I think something in my power supply exploded?
How do you add that black line to the top of a doc in Word?
How to block my youtube videos from a country?
Wordpress blogs Auto Post to Facebook?
Spilled coffee on touchpad, now scroll is not working?
How do I fix the Windows 8 black screen at startup?
GPU and Motherboard Compatibility?
My motherboard keeps frying?
printer broke, where to print something out in public places, library closed tomorrow?
I tried to recovery my sd card with different softwares,but i cant find some deleted files,what can i do?
I tried to recovery my sd card with different softwares,but i cant find some deleted files,what can i do?
Is there anysort of external disc drive for an iPad?
Website Ideas Please Read!?
Don't you get disturbed over graphic videos on the internet?
Hard Drive not detected?
Question about WhatsApp.?
can someone tell if i viewed there followers on twitter?
I went to google images and seen russian navy fleet a bunch of rusted old ships explain?
What does \A previous instance is already running\ mean?
What is a good free video and audio downloader?
How do I write a Tilde or \~\ sign on m Texas Instrument?
Dell studio one1909 power supply?
Does Google Maps satellite edit out people?
My friend and I can't add eachother on Facebook?!?
What are databases used for? [10 points]?
Microsoft word 2007 columns problem?
How to get rid of pop up adds?
Why would he do this on facebook?
What are good editing apps for youtube? Im starting a youtube channel and i just wanna know some good apps?
How can i add an HTML Email Subscription to my website?
Is the Galaxy GEFORCE GT620 Graphics Card compatible with my computer?
how to post photos to google?
C++: How can you turn a method (not class) into separate file?
Please help with omegle experience?
How do I stop unwanted mail from unknown prisoners writing to me?
Where are internet files stored on the hard drive?
Anybody help me to learning Graphics design?
Why Is My Internet So Slow?
My computer keeps having ads pop up at the sides and bottom of the screen...?
Best gaming computer?
Touch screen computer acting weird?
best gaming computer?
can someone help me with my laptop screen?
What will happened to my money?? Help please...?
How to join a group on whatsapp?
Kindle fire hdx features?
How can i get to my email account that's with facebook?
How much data will one hour on YouTube use in 360p?
program a program to display on screen the character 'z'?
How do I get out of this!? HELP!?
Canon MP280 only printing in pink and black?
What are some good softwares to make dubstep?
Bleu screen on computer?
Alienware or Asus for a Gaming Laptop? any other suggestions would be good?
how to be anonymous on twitter when adding celebrities?
How google,youtube,facebook earn money?
I want to build a gaming desktop computer. What parts should I buy for it to be at best performance.?
Question about CPU in gaming?
Why wont my computer connect to the internet?
First Build computer:Fans not working no video?
My laptop says I Have no Cd/dvd rom drive?
is this also annoying to you?
How many max. speed Aircel 3.5G gives in Bangalore?
Which should I download?
laptop screen has distorted pixels?
How much do Apple laptops usually run for?
how do I contact yahoo about removing a link from their search?
Is apple overrated and over priced to u?
What should be my username?
My dad turns the wifi off at night. It usually doesnt bother me but my friend is going through something?
Whats wrong with my computer? small thing?
How do I remove the \Posted\ date on my blog in Blogger?
my computer is not opening any file now how can i restore it at factory condition?
Tips for building a gaming computer from a XPS 400 Dell (2005)?
GUYS HELP I INSERTED MY DVD THAT I WANT TO WATCH BUT IT DEOSNT PLAY?
Please watch my vid to win?
C# remote server connectivity?
How does bodybuilding.com sell protein powder etc online?
would this laptop play any game on the market and be good for a long time to come?
Predictions for the future?
css question - how to get footer to stick to bottom?
how many gb are in a mb?
Please need help photoshopping/editing a picture?
Should I buy the Nexus 7 Tablet?
How to login with yahoo on youtube?
Why do online buyers rarely go to page 2 of google?
Which website can I go on to watch community season 5 episode 1?
Can I run another graphics card on my current psu?
Which operating system is the best and for which reason?
do you actually use Facebook anymore?
How do I zoom out on my Chromebook?
Which browser is faster?
How do I change my age on face book to under 18?
Is lenovo a good brand for laptops?
how to make a C sharp class that will show me output in Visual Studio instead of command prompt ??
Minecraft can't log me in?
DSL light on router is blinking red?
How much should I sell my Canon PowerShot A2200 on eBay?
Is my charger dangerous?
Question about PSU wattage needed?
what are the accessories to keeping a laptop cool? i want to buy one but don't know what they're?
Help needed regarding memory card. please help?
How long will 250 MB of internet last on my laptop?
Will my posts in open groups show in my friends newsfeed?
'm looking for a software to draw smooth graph curve line. an easy one if there was. any suggestion plz...?
Help! I changed my Samsung Galaxy S3 Pin and forgot it! Please Help!?
Scared of my laptop????!!!!!!!?
My laptop is making clicking sounds??
Why cant i place anything in my recycling bin!!!?!?!?
Is the nVidia GeForce 8400GS 1GB DDR3 better or worse than the Radeon hd 6450 2gb?
What should i upgrade my laptop with?
What's the difference between m-sata and sata?
how do i unlike multiple likes on facebook?
I wanna be a computer or software engineer...?
i really need help i dont know much about html :/?
Best computer case under $150?
Are these good specs for a gaming PC?
Are these good specs for a gaming PC?
How Do I Save A Video Onto My Computer From iLivid?
Is this normal for a graphics card temp?
Does resaving a .jpeg as a .png introduce qulaity loss?
Google Play won't accept my debit card?
Adding fonts to photoshop?
Good Video Editor AMV?
If an internet provider can only provide a 50Mbps stream of data, why do I need a Gbps modem or router?
My mouse isn't registering clicks right?
My mouse isn't registering clicks right?
Any websites that have meme generators ?
What kind of awesome games aren't on YouTube?
Is Video Flow not on the appstore anymore?
How do I change my youtube username?
What music effect is this?(And how do I create/use it)?
i jailbroke my 5c an the evasion app is there but when i click on it,its a white screen and no cydia?
whats that video with that woman?
How do change Visa card information?
Can you help me decide which laptop to buy?
Which rig will preform better.?
How do you restore an Apple Mac air back to factory settings?
My computer keeps overheating?
Question on an OEM System Builder Pack?
I have a Dell XPS M140. Can I replace the default hard drive with an SSD?
HELP! In powerpoint the slide list vanished!?
What tablet should I buy?
Do people on Facebook realize there is a private message button?
what did you do today beside online?
Can I run Battlefield 3 ultra settings with Intel 286?
What do I need to upgrade on my computer to run the latest games on high settings.?
Computer trying to boot?
Internet Explorer doesn't work on my laptop?
How do i make planes for flight simulator x.?
Is there a way to contact former demonoid administrator, Deimos?
How do I edit the angel on one shoulder, devil on the other shoulder, effect on a video?
Which computer is better?
Can friends find me online?
Can I use Ubuntu in windows7 for a long time?
I have key on PC keyboard that has Prt Scrn/and under that \Sys. Rq.\?
My Pen drive Not Working Plz Help?
i have a i5-3337u cpu @ 1.80GHz i want to replace with a faster(gaming one) witch one fits an does the job?
IPAD 2 vs IPAD 4 $20 difference worth it? Whats the difference in them?
Can you help me with my computer to television DVI connection?
adobe illustrator printing problem?
My computer installs updates after every shutdown, why?
is it okay to put an unbalanced amount of ram in a laptop?
What are different between BIOS and CMOS? What is BIOS and CMOS?
windows 7 home premium product key?
How to set up modem or router in dorm room?
How much will it cost to build a decent gaming computer?
MacBook Pro warranty?
which video card is better?
Will a GeForce GTX 760 go with the rest of my computer?
I think my HDD or RAM is broken. Please see description.?
I need help with a Java program?
How do you make a cover photo what ever you want?
How to put more memory from shared system memory into my dedicated video memory?
Should I go back to Windows 8?
How to connect windows 8 laptop screen to windows 7 laptop or the other way around?
My computer turns off during gaming, not overheating?
Graphics Card Ruined My PC?
tablet/ computers for college students?
How to increase my dedicated video memory on windows 8?
Logitech unifying mouse receiver issues when left hand is on keyboard?
How much is this computer worth?
Is there a way to get a 32bit device to work on a 64bit computer?
What should i build my website with?
Getting an object to move from xy?
Do I need to backup all files in my laptop if want to update windows 7?
Can I send unique promo codes to people who join a Facebook group?
How can I tell my friends that I'm de-activating my account?
Surface Pro 2 Gaming?
Help, what is wrong with this array? =(F14*E14(ROUND,G,0))?
how do i download music for free?
How do I stop this Freemium Paperball advertisment/popup from appearing every time i start my computer?
pc wont connect to wifi?
COMPUTER EXPERTS HELP PLEASE OH GOD PLEASE HELP!?
Why won't videos on YouTube replay?
What is the best desktop under 800$ for computer science major?
I keep getting a pop up from static.thehumanallegiance.com....?
why does my computer take such a long time to download updates ?
Computer build : Am I forgetting something?
Are there any advantages of having a mac over windows?
What does :/ mean in chat?
Is minecraft compatible with windows 8?
Can a 4th Gen Intel Core i3 proccesor fit a Dell Inspiron 660s?
how do i download music for free?
how do i download music for free?
Recently as I sign in a strange symbol appears on password line - looks like an eyebrow over a dot.?
I merged MSN messenger I to skype what happens if The Messenger is removed?
Can I use this graphics card in this computer?
I want to make friends on tumblr?
Does a DDR3 1333MHz 4GB RAM Card work with an HP p7-1414?
can i install windows 7 oem on my personal computer?
Can't follow anyone on instagram?
will the ASUS MAXIMUS VI fit in my cooler master haf x?
What is a good laptop/desktop?
How to get more likes for my facebook page without paying?
WHY DONT I HAVE VIDEO ON MY COMPUTER IT TURNS ON AND FLASHES LIGHT ON POWER BUTTON AND BEEPS?
where can I get an adobe photoshop cd cheap?
I cant change my background help!?
how do i get this old wireless keyboard to work?
why wont my computer turn on?
Question about concatenation of strings in python?
Buying MacBook Pro in US?
Does This Website look legit?
can i crossfire these graphics cards?
how can you put 4 photos on 1 a 4 paper using epson printer?
printing color problem?
Which IM clients allow you to send a message to Yahoo messenger?
Could I save an entire set of articles from a blog into my computer?
How many GBs should I get.?
im gonna smoke weed yeah?
How to make twitter private?
How do I let people know I am out of town and away from Computer?
How many watts do I need for my computer?
How many people still use windows xp and will they be pushed off sooner or later due to compatibility?
Hotspot Shield VPN & Skype?
Can I have a lifetime email address?
Should I be using the same type of cable when connecting multiple computers to the router?
I would like to know if Ram is usable in computers that are made by the same company?
when i try and download a mod it says i dont have a program associated with it what does that mean?
Are most people who purchased windows 8 going back to windows 7?
Hidden \this is bob\?
My Galaxy SIII Is In A Boot Loop, And Will Not Power On. Please Help!?
is it possible to hire a team of software engineers to build a commercial operating?
Can I install Win7 on an external HDD in this way?
Laptop windows 8.1 keeps opening apps with mouse movement?
Is AT&T ripping me off?
Minecraft FPS Lowered alot?
Convert this INT to Binary?
is it possible to hire a team of software engineers to build a commercial operating?
Why does Windows 7 use significantly more memory(RAM) the first day you install it?
How much would this desktop be worth?
YouTube replay button not working?
How many GB should I get when signing up for wifi internet?
What can I do to make my android phone run smoother and freeze less often?
java msi is corrupt cant download java?
how to disable teamviewer notifications?
is Verizon high speed dsl internet really that fast?
troubleshooting procedures for problem on my computer?
im getting a new laptop, which should i get?
Can someone help me pick out a good graphic card that will fit my computer?
How do i delete my browsing history on a...?
I made a quiet good youtube Video and put some time on it but no one sees it?
LAPTOP broken help???
Java program compiles but won't run?
How to prevent hackers using BackTrack5?
Question on an OEM System Builder Pack?
How do I uninstall my AVG security program?
Is this a good build for a gaming desktop?
Is 8gb Kindle Fire enough for surfing the web and storing e-books?
How can I put my movies on my Macbook laptop?
Will a proxy protect my email?
Dumping Time Warner Cable. Need cheaper alternative. What to get?
I was hacked by a rat and did a factory resetting on my computer is there anything else I have to do?
HP Monitor Goes Black But Not Totally?
How do I move text with HTML?
Are teen chat rooms really unsafe?
Are teen chat rooms really unsafe?
which markup languages or things do i need to learn in one year to sell sites for 2000?
As a teenager, how should i stay safe? Read below...?
Buying a new Asus Laptop. Please Help !?
need new gaming pc budget $800 including monitor?
What apps can i use to get free followers?
New Convertible tablet?
is there a real time travel tracker website?
Fast laptops around $600? HELP!!?
What will happen if I put my headphones into the microphone input hole on my laptop?
Why won't IE9 download various forms from my worksite but Firefox and Chrome does?
forgot name of website? help?
Bresenham Line Algorithm in Java?
where is the security button at?
Facebook follow notifications?
How to convert MP3 to Youtube-allowed video format?
No sound from my laptop?
I want to remove the captions on the pictures that are on my blog?
Are php scripts hard to install on my own website?
How can I learn how to use WordPress for free? Is it hard to use?
Is this computer good for gaming?
Issue With Movie Maker?
How would I go about purchasing a website?
Do i have chance of getting caught for torrent downloading though i wont be doing it further?
Youtube video help? It's hard to explain but I hope you understand?
How do I copy programs from one PC to another?
Computer BSOD help please?
New to iPhone. Why did my search history show up on my iphone?
how to download tv episodes onto laptop?
macbook pro, youtube and flash player problems?
Any MS Word experts out there?
is there a software that transcribes piano music?
Why does computer storage go by exponents of 2?
please share what is meant by, 1)Bluetooth tethering, 2) USB internet, 3)wifi direct...my gratitude in advance?
PC has a black screen on start up?
hooking up a wireless dsl modem/router?
How to convert avi file to mov?
Is this Psu enough for these specs?
Basic, cheap, laptop for school?
My internet is slow, while my friends don't have this problem.?
Which of these Hp laptops specifications is better? Help really appreciated!?
When I press W and N at the same time it causes W to repeat until I press another key?
Hello everyone. Does anyone know a cheap Youtube/Twitter hacker?
how do I change my passwordchange password?
Will this run minecraft?
facebook nail salon category?
Hard drive enclosure ata vs sata, confused?
How to make a YouTube thumbnail?
The Target breach affects who?
Question about video editing?
How can i make my laptop play games better.?
Dropbox ERROR 500? HELP?
How to get rid of email address autofill on chrome?
Is there a fixer this laptop?
How much is a Twitter follower worth? Is there an industry average value per follower?
Why couldn't Anonymous hack North Korea's internet?
Computer not posting?
Free episodes of Pretty Little Liars online?
Best gaming computer under $700?
My Wifi Keeps Going Out, It Will Be On Then All Of The Sudden It Goes Out?
Screen resolution Problem?
How to get my page more likes?
Does motherboard GA-B75M-D3V supports aero theme of windows 7 64 bits?
Can This Laptop run these games?
My Mac book won't charge or respond?
my pc wont boot anymore and apparently reseting the bios will make it work i will give a shot, but it says on?
Does anybody know if this is a GOOD Gaming Computer?
How to get computer to say screen text?
How do I make it so when I click a link in Chrome it doesn't open a new tab?
How do I make it so when I click a link in Chrome it doesn't open a new tab?
In Visual Basic, how do I clear a textbox of its value, which is a double with out using \\ ?
My image won't show up when in html! (MAC)?
In Visual Basic, how do I clear a textbox of its value, which is a double with out using \\ ?
How to fix hp laptop?
What should i do about this monitor?
Someone created a twitter account using my email?
will Grand theft auto 4 run on a dell windows 8 laptop?
How can I download Google Chrome when I only have Internet Explorer?
How do I get the meters/bars to show on my OS drive and Recovery drive?
YouTube Monetization Help?
I need the cheapest motherboard?
will my daughter know if i stalk her on facebook?
Which is better bing maps or google maps?
every time i open my mail the lock on the screen goes from green to yellow?
My cell phone has \authentication problem\ with home wifi & network?
How to turn off wifi sharing on windows 8?
Instagram not compatible with 2.3.3 andorid tablet?
What kind of person constantly posts pictures of herself on facebook?
How would you do this?
how do i turn off the computer and go to sleep?
Someone help me overclocking AMD Phenom II 840 3.20 GHz?
Why am I unable to edit popular articles on Wikipedia, how do I get permission to edit these articles?
Opinions on geforce gtx 780?
&#x27; is this on purpose or accident?
Is this a good gaming computer for a beginner?
I'm trying to install ms office 365 on my computer, but it's not working.?
How do I move files into an external hard drive?
How do I change my WiFi password on a Netgear router?
Need to update drivers but?
How do you get a custom IP for a Minecraft server?
AMD vs Intel (2013) for gaming?
my videos won't play, the loading bar is loaded but the video still buffers, what do i do???
Can I upgrade the antenna on my wireless card?
I can't connect to the internet on ubuntu?
Adobe After Effects Help!!!!1!!!!! (10 Points to best answers)?
WLAN security setting?
Does 1600 Mhz memory DDR3 work on a 1866 Mhz RAM slot (upgrading from LGA1155 to LGA2011)?
The application Snapchat (process com.snapchat.android) has stopped unexpectedly Please try again,anyone help?
pc for $200 for bf4 (building is ok)?
How much does a good computer cost for an architecture student?
what is the answer to level 285 for four pics 1 word?
has a fake facebook been set up in my name?
modem can't connect to particular website?
Should I buy a refurbished computer?
How do I find sharp ended brushes in photoshop elements 9?
How do I uninstall my Samsung Galaxy S3 software update?
How can I change my cursor?
How do I switch off Commodo anti-virus?
YouTube beauty guru HELP?
Is there a drawing tablet that has a screen on it?
How do teenage youtubers get paid?
Should I Downgrade from Linux Mint 16?
how can i stop itunes from being my default player?
New computer no boot??
My LoL takedowns doesn´t update?
How much better is Laptop 2 compared to Laptop 1 on a scale of 0 to 10 if Laptop 1 is a 5?
I have an hp laptop. Would it be safe to download games like minecraft?
What do I do with manjaro linux ?
What is the song played in this part of the video? 2:21 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UJ0Abpeviec?
how do i increase my video ram capacity, its hp 650 and it uses window 8?
Computer Hardware question?
If a girl blocks me on facebook, is there a chance that they like me?
Reformat Tablet e installl win 7?
I how can I get my computer to boot again if I deleted my hatd disk?
Which video card is better?
My computer deleted itself?!?
Copy of Microsoft XP software install disc?
My mouse doesn't show on my screen?
What is the best software for electronic music creation?
How to open xlsx file corrupted?
what should I learn after core java ?
do you think the 3d printer is the machine of the future?
Internet worked, now it doesn't?
It is possible to upgrade the Asus G750JW with 8GB more RAM and 120GB SSD?
has a fake facebook been set up in my name?
Can I remove findwide?
How can I open opera mini saved pages on win7?
Can you access iTunes on other devices?
How do i download old minecraft updates?
can someone please photoshop this for me?
My mum found my private tumblr and wants to \talk\?
What's the difference between these two HP Envy Laptops?
where do people get these pictures on twitter?
How can i get more views on my channel?
Why doesn't the headphone jack in my laptop work?
android developer from India?
Why do my YouTube comments keep disappearing?
Is Freebuy.co a legit site, or is it a scam?
What is a \library\ in computer programming?
Do you refil printer ink cartridges?
https and internet information services?
Could you install windows on a steam machine?
How to get more views on Youtube?
Can't decide which laptop to buy?
Why isn't my Google Chrome working?
Are movie effects created using high-end graphic cards?
What power supply unit should I get?
does usps deliver items from ebay on saturday?
How do I successfully get my external hard drive into my laptop?
I want to make some new friends?
How does a parent spy on a 21 year old facebook?
Declaring PHP Functions? STUPID QUESTION?
only secure content displayed?
What uses my memory on my macbook?
What power supply unit should I get?
I dropped my hp Chromebook!?
Is there a program that can reduce the size of a iso down to about 1 GB from 7 or 8 GB other than dvd shrink?
how downloading a potential threat safely?
Can you get Microsoft word on MacBook?
Administrator in windows 8?
Internet explorer computer help needed?
good laptop without windows 8?
Looking to upgrade from integrated graphics card?
should i stay connected to the internet all day?
EMERGRENCY!How can i hack and click on something more times from one computer if one is limit?
Is this laptop worth getting for school work and minor gaming?
Should I delete huge file on my computer?
I dont have Microsoft Word and need to write a resume?
Need help with a Visual Basic Calculator program problem?
Why is the export function in Microsoft Access used?
How faster becomes a PC with a liquid cooling system ?
Will this ram work for my PC?
Is the nvidia 610 gt compatible with windows 8.1?
how do I run this plsql code?
I hate my laptop what do I do?
How do I make bookmark folders?
HELP! LAPTOP TURNED OFF WONT TURN ON?
May I sell on Facebook?
RZ Video Converter problem :(?
Verfication required?
Microsoft Office tabs in spanish?
Why won't uTorrent or bittorrent download properly?
Someone has been sending me the same anonymous question repeatedly on tumblr?
Laptop overheating, please help!?
no sound on google chrome?
How to uninstall adware?
is there a photoshop i can download from the web?
Need help opening multiple links all at once?
Laptop can't read DVDs ?
Computer Hardware question?
Backtrack 5 R3 error message \kernel panic not syncing- attempted to kill init\?
How to add a margin with CSS?
Is there a web page with a full tutorial on how to create a computer program using notepad?
Im having USB issues?
What's a simple computer program to verify the digits of pi?
why is my coding doing this?
I Just Downloaded Hypercam3 But, I Can't Watch My Recordings?
How can I delete my Facebook account?
PowerIso Virtual Drive Error?
External HDD Extremely Slow Write?
facebook password help.?
Why is the RAM I installed showing as installed, but not working?
Why is the RAM I installed showing as installed, but not working?
I purchased a samsung tab 3..I purchased some book..?
Pls i want the main reason.. Thank you.?
What caused my blue screen of death?
can i use 12-0-12 5 amps transformer for STK4141 ic?
Can anyone help me with Java?
How to fix \Control reaches end of non-void function\?
Trying to create an excel spread sheet, please help!!?
ASUS Q501 or HPEnvy AMD laptop?
Why does my twitter say I have had 1 tweet but I haven't tweeted at all?
Is there a mobile extension LCD monitor product?
How do I download and install Skype onto my new laptop with Windows 8.1?
Can you tell me how to fix the graphics on my computer?
Will this GPU fit this computer?
Is it bad to have a laptop in your lap?
what's screen saver do?
what is a mouse connecton called that is not a usb or wireless connetion?
i am getting some some hidden files like $RECYCLE.BIN, boot, MSOcache..... and cant remove it?
How do i change the opener for a JPEG file?
My Macbook is underlining normal words?
Why does Facebook keep asking me if I know these people?
please suggest some good c++ softwares for windows 8?
Kobian PI945GCM does this support new graphic cards?
How much is a good laptop?
In microsoft Word, how to go back to previous document?
How to make pendrive bootable?
how to optimize an Intel i7 for Windows 7?
How do I cancel a bid on eBay?
Change to my previous ip address?
What to learn in java for android?
Programming languages must i learn to become Software Engineering?
How do I get photoshop gifs to play on desktop? HELP!!?
What type of hard drive is this?
What type of hard drive is this?
What type of hard drive is this?
MFMessageErrorDomain error 1032?
My skype isn't opening! PLEASE HELP!!!?
Website-the way to go?
Someone is impersonating me on instagram please help?
My computer cant find my datamax printer?
How much would I get for my PC?
How do I change my tumblr background using urban 3 theme?
how to get my security license paid for?
Do Path users know my location if i tweet something on Tweeter?
Is view angle important?
Failed to install display driver from windows update!?
I can't log on to my computer (user profile cannot be loaded)?
I need to contact facebook?
i have to do project on swarm robots..can anybody tell me which programming language is helpfull?
some keys on my keyboard wont work?
vodly.to is not working properly?
which of these computers is best for a college student who also does minor gaming?
Can i run BF3 with these specs, urgent please help!?
Does Currys sell Acer laptop chargers?
Is This Normal Temperature for Intel i5 3570?
Twitter won't let me follow anyone?
need suggestions for a creative facebook last name for the name chanel?
How to copy a damage disc?
Is it good or bad to charge a new laptop battery for the whole night on the first day of purchasing?
which tablet should i get?
When running my Java GUI Application, some of the buttons are invisible help (10 points)?
How much graphic power does a gaming laptop need?
what is the best way to store notes ( like Notepad feature) that you can access anywhere ?
What wear level should a new laptop battery have?
could anyone make me a gaming intro?
Are Imac G3s (the ones with the colored sides) still good enough for internet, video streaming, and word?
MS word question. I wrote hundreds of worksheets for math classes for the past 6 years.?
Is the little globe on the top left corner of Wikipedia becoming more complete?
How to use a variable in C++?
Should I buy a new laptop or repair my broken one?
How do I temporariyl disable Avast Free 2014?
Is there an amplified headset for my computer?
Is this a good GPU temperature to be at?
Can you help me make an Instagram username?
I need help with my Tumblr account?
How to restore memory on windows 8?
In Java what does static mean?
Why did update 1/11/14 change the link option? It now links everything?
Why i am not able to download torrents on android more than 5 gb. please tell else mypoints got waste.help?
im a little fustrated with newegg?
Do I have a chance at getting a career in the filmmaking industry?
What is the security of matrix encryption?
is a 500 watt power supply enough?
What is the differences between normal file and PDF file?
how can I convert audio_ts and video_ts to VOB ?
Can I change my laptop's CPU?
Do you think i'm attractive?
Best Graphics Card for 300w PSU?
Are using video converters Illegal?
What keeps killing my power supply?
Making my own computer - Any advice?
What's the purpose of the item number (on eBay)?
how to delete clips from iMovie?
does a sterio headset have a microphone in it cause i want to buy one for my ps vita?
cannot upgrade android to firefox or google chrome.?
Is there a way to recover Microsoft Office after being deleted, or are the earlier versions free anywhere?
Do I get charged on ipad by mistakenly visiting Japanese porn site? It said I signed up for membership...?
I there any data center cabling web based management system ?
Where can i find sound effects?
Windows 8.1 Features Error?
EHarmony Fraud...Can you fight them?
how to resolve 8007045d ?
Microsoft Office help?
HELP?!?!?!?!?! with my kindle app on my tablet?
Can a wireless adapter be used for bluetooth?
What types of engineering doesn't contain too much programming?
Which headphone shall i buy?
Why would someone who u thought likes u, unread your facebook messages?
How to remove traces of photoshop from a picture?
what are the shortcuts for google chrome?
(I want an Answer, I hope this is the last time this goes up) My school has blocked sites while I am at home?
should i use updated drivers or reuse the old ones?
Hey, what games can my specs run on max/ high settings with 60+ FPS?
I need a skype french buddy, anyone?
I have just been given a?
How do laptop grapics perform against desktop graphics?
I find a video converter. which is support all format ?
question about arduino??? (I am a beginner)?
Is it even possible to make columns in wordpad?
How can I turn off my wifi router from my laptop?
I keep losing GB for no reason especially when I download mods of 20 mb it says I lost like 200!?
when u find trojan.generic ,do u need to worry?
Is there anyway for me to turn off my router/moderm from my laptop?
Is it true that, Facebook pays you if you Hack into thier system ?
How is sound my name ... sahil?
Youtube Release Date?
I live in R.I. I want to sell my broken laptop but I do not want to send it by mail, I want to go to that plac?
The apple computer game system question -?
How to make calls from PC using sim card ?
Trouble installing new graphics card?
can i just write main like this in java?public static void main() ?
Gaming computer build?
Are my Motherboard and Monitor compatible?
i need help with my razer kraken pro?
My whole computer lags when I open a webpage?
Why does repeat-x not work in CSS?
What are some good video editors?
Constant disconnect from games?
Windows stops responding when starting up the PC?
How to turn Bluetooth on with a windows 8.1 laptop ?
What's the most used mobile app builder?
Which is a better processor?
Question in Networking (Informatics)?
What does this error code mean?
Why wont hideman vpn work on lg optimus t?
How to print pdf text presentation that has effects like microsoft powerpoint?
incredimail not working with att.net?
Why won't she accept my Instagram follow request?
Dell XPS M1530 Battery won't charge.?
How do i send music to my htc windows phone7?
Why i am not able to download torrents on android more than 5 gb. please tell else mypoints got waste.help?
Easy bitcoin question!?
Help, need advice on a VIRUS and windows 8 reinstallation?
ADD ME AND LIKE ME ON STARGIRL :)?
Windows media library corrupted in Windows 7?
I need to insert the try and catch method to display an error message if user enters a letter instead of numb.?
Easy bitcoin question!?
which is the best recovery software?
Can I keep an Item that a bidder has won but hasn't paid for or completed checkout yet on eBay?
Is become an indie developer a lost dream?
How exactly to go about this upgrade...?
what is the use of awk command in linux?
why does Google always unstall viruses on our computer?
I will be launching a major crowdfunding website should i have it built from?
iPhone data? Current period etc?
how to play a game that's blocked by parental control?
sending message using msg.exe to a local network?
iPhone data? Current period etc?
Question for expert C programmers. Please read details...?
How do I get the most out of my graphics card?
Does this computer have wireless WIFI?
how do i install google play store from computer to emerson tablet?
How to make utorrent download speed faster?
Do trashy girls who get 100+ likes on their facebook profile generally have better personalities?
I want to remove search History that appears as Drop Down Menu in Google Chrome.?
Targetted by Hacker? Help!!?
what happens if I charge my laptop with a higher wattage charger?
A website is always opening a new tab (Google Chrome)?
Do you still update your printer software? HP, EPSON, CANON, BROTHER?
Best software to detect and download missing or outdated drivers . with download link and crack or key ??/?
DVD player has encountered a system error 69889-?
I can't get my laptop back?
a high quality high speed printer is?
My Toshiba laptop function keys won't work without pressing the FN button?
Are these laptop specs good value for money?
Acer V235HL 23\ LED Monitor DVI-D Question?
Is it okay to install 2 operating systems on SSD?
What are real time operating systems?
How come you can now upvote your own comments on youtube?
Solve this problem i don't understand clearly? program in c++?
how to take all the possibilities in arrays in c++ ?
Can any one help me to get the answer on c programing question ?
How does youtube work?
Where would you go/who would you see to have a gaming PC custom built?
Can any one help me to get the answer on c programing question ?
Speeds of programs written in interpreted vs compiled language?
I only have the bar to scroll with. Where's the arrow at the top and bottom?
When did facebook videos start playing automatically? Is that a new update that I'm not aware of?
How do I delete my snapchat account?
can I survive a month on Skype (video chat) with 7GB ?
G+ blocking a bot please help..?
Where can i find 3d models of hair?
What is a Youtube partner?
My built computer turns on and then immediately off?
Whats wrong with my Photoshop Brush?
Start up speed problems.?
Youtube won't replay videos?
Facebook saying I have more likes than I do?
Can't hide Facebook chat sidebar?
Do trashy girls who usually get 100+ likes on their facebook profile usually have good personalities?
my yahoo notepad looks very different. Where are the files?
top 5 gigabyte motherboard?
My external hard hard drive broke containing all my steam stuff how do i use steam again?
What motherboards are compatible with a Compaq Presario SR5233WM?
Should I switch to Aol from Gmail?
CPU Usage 100% In all games I play?
Can we watch Flash videos in Ipad?
Is there a way to build a homepage with my favorite sites?
How do I get access to calculate if Yes is selected? Urgent!!!!!!!?
YouTube Channels confused?
How a Project Starts?
Machine code to assembler instructions?
http://imgur.com/JyUwiCM when i try to watch a series on google drive this happen no screen audio only Help?
Windows 8.1 boot time?
$120 motherboard for i5 4670k?
How to get rid of writing on snapchat screenshot?
Help with my broken laptops?
can anyone say how to add my project in google.?
How to use JavaScript without HTML?
Real-time data aquisition?
How do i bulk unfollow on twitter?
I have a Hacker in my Yahoo mail - He re-routed payments due to me. How do I get rid of him??
When I upload a video it uploads in max settings at 480p?
How can I purchase Nexus 5 from Google Play from outside the US?
Does gigabyte z87x-oc motherboard support intel core i5 4430 processor?
if i connect an ethernet cable to a wireless repeater will it be faster?
Can I use pc keyboard on a tablet?
my downloaded files are stored in an I:\\ address, what is that?
I cant install windows XP on windows 8??? HELP !?
What's the best processor I can get for this motherboard? IPILP-LC?
I need a new GPU, Whats better Radeon R9 270x or the GeForce GTX 760?
How can I update my drivers for free?
Can people see if you view their twitter?
What is Computer Operations, and Computer Operators?
best graphic drawing tablet?
please explain what is meant by firmware?
moving photoshop to new pc?
i dont want be an admin anymore,,wha can i do?
I must have accidentally changed the settings on my computer screen. It now appears stretched out.?
is there a way to never log off from your active logins?
i want to removed windows system 32 which is show at every operation?
How do I my change password?
I hv recently purchased Samsung galaxy s2 but it has problem of lcd which freezes halfly and rest works fine?
i want to buy seagate expansion externaldrive 2tb harddisk stbv2000300.i comes with external power is it best?
good youtube intro songs?
I Can't Connect To Internet But Others Can?
WHat is a real free resume creater?
My desktop items, browser items are lost. How to get them back?
Good ISP in the Tweed heads area?
WiFi on reliance broadband?
On which web sites can I find monitors supporting Retina resolution for my Mac Mini?
How to select data for different columns in excel?
My SSD has a problem?
Cheap & best tablet which I needed?
Gaming computer under $700?
You'll be able to view this link ?
How to update onboard graphics for windows 8.?
How to get sound with Windows 7?
How to update onboard graphics for windows 8.?
I want to make YouTube videos but I don't want to show my face. What do I do?
How To Update Software For Old Mac?
How good is this gaming rig? And will everything be compatible?
how to read this excel formula?
How's this setup???
Nothing is working on my laptop!!!!?
bluetooth driver for dell studio 1537 and my os is window 7?
What graphics card does Macbook Air have ?
who assigns ip address for personal laptops?
who assigns ip address for personal laptops?
how to know the size of the motherboard is compatible to the chassis?
how much is this pc worth?
Where to my computer parts from?
would the Samsung 22 Inch Series 1 VGA Monitor S22C150N be an okay monitor for gaming?
Electronic Health Records for Hospitals?
i5-3570 Processor for Dell Inspiron 620 not compatible?
Can u guyz tell me the fps game that suits dual core processer?
Connect pc to wlan via android phone?
smart rooms for hospitals?
How the networks of the world are connected to make a Inter network or internet? And explain the speed of diff?
Is the a free online editor that allows me to change object/product colour?
database features please help.I am really stuck?
Missing or Invalid Registry/INI entry?
C++: Program too big! Can you separate methods into different CPP files? Thanks!?
How can i move friends old facebool new facebook?
while playing any movie on vlc the screen becomes pink operating system windows8?
Does youtube pay depending on viewer's/uploader's nationality?
How can i connect my pc to my tv?
Need help with my laptop.pleasee?
how do i delete my facebook page when facebook deleted my fb account?
how can i connect my pc to my tv?
best laptop to use for a software engineer?
system resevered drive question?
GTX 770 compatible with my pc?
I want to access my Home Broadband connection at my near places up-to 1-0 KM in my laptop& mob via wifi.How?
Which one is best .net or php to my career?
how can i friends move old facebook new facebook?
How can Whatsapp massage received from a friend at 8:30 and his last online status was 7!!! is this possible?
is this psu compliant with Haswell C6/C7 power states?
Can i flash my ZTE with DDWRT or any software for VPN i don't understed this thing?
What does 'full windows 8 functionality' mean?
photoshop help????????
How can i safely move my itunes library to an external hard drive making space for the main one?
I can't delete a file due to I/O device error 0x8007045D?
need help determining if power supply is failing?
Is ASUS P8H61-M LX3 rev 2.0 suport 3rd gen g2020 intel pentium dual core processor..?
PC not able to read external hard disk?
what is kernell32.dll error?
Can i use any USB 2.0 on USB 3.0 socket ?
Why does nobody watch my yuotube videos?
Are there any websites that can help grow youtube channels?
How to install Windows 7 on SSD with 24GB and HDD 500GB?
How to transfer saved game files from Mac to PC?
How to repair corrupt/damaged Priv1.edb file?
what do i need to create a gaming channel on youtube?
How to know the difference between USB 3.0 & USB 2.0 on a motherboard ?
My graphics card is causing my computer to get the BSOD?
Nortan blocked an attack by: Web Attack: Fake Application Download?
Are employers allowed to ask for your facebook password?
iPhone 4 IOS 7 crash?
office 2010 professional pro link?
Can I view all the screenshots ive ever taken on with my laptop in some folder or something?
Where can I make a business logo?
I want to buy a new assemble desktop so want to know which 3rd gen motherboad best under rs.3500 into intel or?
I cant accept facebook group requests. Dont knw y, is there any way i can correct this?
Pc repeated rebooting! Help 'windows xp?
I have an acer aspire aod257. I did a factory reset about 9 hours ago and I'm not sure what to do.?
What is the best brand for a desktop computer?
Laptop no screen after windows installation HELLLPPP!!?
how to get rid of this?
text-align is not working in my a tag in css?
I want to ask about s60v5 facebook messanger?
what graphics card is this ?
Does Dropbox sync to offline/unpowered devices?
Best free recording software for FPS (pc)?
What is wrong with my laptop's DVD player?
Worth upgrading to an i5-3570k from an i5-2320?
my laptop key struck that makes beeps on the startup of laptop so how to solve?
why cant i post or comment on a facebook page?
which pen drive is best ?
What's up with my facbook music page?
Can i add more ram to my laptop?
What causes a key to stop working?
what is the best laptop brand?
can i get a viruses from watching movies online?
Who are some good Youtube Vloggers?
How can I create images like this one?
Facebook isn't working with my home wifi?
My hp g6 2005ax wont start up, i tried to restart it after it was not detecting my external mouse.? but it is?
good laptop for sony vegas 12 and elgato that are cheap?
can anyone please help with this html and javascript code i typed i am not able to get the output please help?
Should I learn HTML&CSS or JavaScript first? Does it matter?
Do you know about latest update in SEO?
how can i change my main channel on youtube?
How to hack fb account using java mobile?
I am getting this meassge on my disk top?
which is the best graphics card under 6000rs?
youtube i sing!!!! watch and subscribe like!!?
watch my videos on youtube!!!!?
How to submit my wn photos to google photo result?
i have downloaded windows 7 from torrentz & want to install this. is this safe for my pc?
Help me find a great parody video?
What is the difference between these programming languages?
no sound while gaming help please?
i tried to create a db and table in sql and error occurs?
C++: Does a method with return bool execute during if statement?
How does all the content get input into the web?
Recover google account *HELP*?
safari on my iphone 5 ios 7 keeps crashing?
I can’t understand the Page layout>Spacing option functionality in Microsoft Office 2010?
My laptop screen turns off when I open it out fully?
How to Send MS Word documents to MS OneNote Notebook?
where can I create a website for free?
Is making money on youtube breaking the law if i show starbucks recipes in starbucks cup?
Overclocking Intel® Core™2 Quad Processor Q6600(without new cooler)?
Teamspeak split my sound?
Would it be good to develop apps by yourself?
android tab automatically starts recovery?
Recovery of google and youtube account *HELP*?
Would Microsoft ever allow a company to extensively modify the Windows platform?
I NEED TO BUY A NEW GAMING LAPTOP PLSS HELP ME?
Does anyone have experience using the Lenovo yoga 8 inch tablet ? (sometimes known as b6000)?
Which is the best laptop brand in india?
Will downloading from torrent affect my internet bill?
Is this a decent gaming computer?
Are free antiviruses on the internet good?
how to find nose beta botton on google?i couldn't find it?
Software to clean the registry and all the junk files from my pc ...?
help with new youtube account?
Avast internet security license key anyone?
How good is a 1GB GDDR5 NVIDIA® GeForce® GTX555 graphics card?
PC power supply help needed!?
iPad app purchase help?
What will happen if i take my hard drive out of my computer....?
How Is Joomla hacked Into ?
want to buy a scanner, my budget is 3000 rupees, want a heavy duty scanner?
Complete Visual C++ Tutorials?
Should I get a new computer? IT expert needed...?
Google shipped me a nexus 7. They have not charged my credit card? Over a month!?
Minecraft 1.7.4 won't open?
What is Account Validation?
Do I need more protection software than Avast, Malwarebytes, and Comodo?
how do i find out if my roommate have copied my personal files?
How to deactive facebook account?
How to cure a tumblr addiction?
Is it possible to run a MySQL Query Using jQuery?
I Want To Make My Facebook Completely Private Need Help ASAP!?
WHO HAS A PREMIUM ACCOUNT IN STUDYMODE.COM? THIS IS URGENT , I LOST MY LAPTOP AND LOST THE DOCUMENT?
How do I ask for a facebook account?
Is this graphics compatible with my pc?
Attempting to restore files from back-up.?
How can I improve my internet speed?
Facebook won't let me view my activity log?
My youtube is not running!?
does anybody knows how i do this?
Can I monetize my 'How to' video on YouTube?
Can I turn my Printer on and off from my laptop wirelessly?
Computer Gaming and Multimedia?
Problems with things not loading, google chrome installed, any help appreciated?
How do I make my message box show up correctly in Microsoft C#?
Android phone data backup?
Why can't I grow on YouTube?
galaxy s 2 ics please help?
Which is the Best Company in Ahmedabad for Java & PHP Training.?
What's Spyware?????????
How to increase the seeds value when the downloading is in progress in torrent downloader?
I need help finding the drivers for updating my BIOS version for another CPU?
Why advertisement page opens frequently?
Do memory speeds need to match?
Do RAM speeds need to match?
Why did Windows Media Player delete all my music?
Do RAM speeds need to match?
how to get rid of old myspace account?
What is the worst that could happen if copyrighted material is used for commercial use on youtube?
I said \Stop\ in my minecraft server console now it wont start up again? HELP!!?
Facebook problem! Please help?!?
How do I look up a website like this?
How to fix bot infection?
83% of file downloaded using torrent in 1 hr but now in 3 days there is no download in progress?
if you change the product key in windows 8 is the old one stored?
How to transfer(convert) pdf file into word file?
Is there anyway to turn down the volume of the person im talking to when recording gameplay?
Which computer combo is better?
what is safer to get from inboxdollars cheek or visa card for payment?
5MB connection, stuck at 3mb? Modem issues?
To many things conected to internet?
How do I get the Install program for windows xp service pack 3?
Have Google Change there Policy for 2014?
Windows 7: mouse highlights everything and uncontrollable scrolling then it freezes?
What's the deal with Steam Machines?
How could I tutor/help someone with homework over the computer?
gaming specifications????
A good videocorder software to record videos?
can i sli 2 gtx 760 in ASRock B85M Pro4..?
How can i do seo after hummingbird update?
AVS video editor - how to blur private parts?
Intel Core i7-4700MQ Please Help?
windows 8 restart help?
why is both a user name and password need?
I need overclocking help on my PC asap?
How to recover emails that are manually deleted from gmail thrash?
Windows cannot find any networks?
Is there any way to watch a movie online without using up the gigs on your laptop?
Is this a legit site?
Why wont my computer recognize my webcam?
I need help on PC parts. I have 2 GPUs to choose from but I need help due to my tight budget?
gaming specifications????
Re-Install Windows 8?
what's wrong with my laptop!?
How to connect mob to lap top via data cable?
How to get rid of popups?
How to get rid of the Sircam worm?
help..can anybody tell me how to find the network card make? I formatted my PC and obviously I lost everythi?
can someone help me with this..?
What is Wrong With My Fraps?
Do you know of any screen recording software that allows you to record part of your screen?
What can i do for to improve my memory power?
How to connect & play Multiplayer-games within two laptops with one windows 7 & other windows 8?
Which CPU is better Intel Core i7 3770K or PowerPC G5?
Is it GIF, JIF, or G-I-F?
What does ADSL modem means?
What basic knowlege and qualification required for sql server and oracle?
My monitors go black randomly like its reseting the monitors?
If a Hard Drive is Locked, can i just replace it?
we are ten people using a router, how can i increase my bandwith?
Why does my 5GHz wifi suddenly drop and then recover?
I Want to get my Youtube Channel Noticed But how?
Should I have opened a button store?
How to check for any important missing files Windows 8?
How to fix pirated windows xp?
How to downgrade from ios 7.0.4 to 6.1.3?
Question about Port Forwarding?
How do I get more views on my YouTube gaming channel?
Is this a good gaming build?
How do I reset my Nobis 9 tablet?
How does having a spare HDD work?
Can my computer run Far Cry 3?
What is wrong with my laptop?
How to delete the first 10 or 15 Row, and duplicate on SQL server management studio?
What is the best gif making website?
HOW DO I TURN MY CAPS LOCK OFF?
amd drivers not... IDk HELP?
Can I set Google+ to not show anybody my email?
Can you put music from a USB flash drive onto a Microsoft surface RT?
Why Can't I Watch Videos?
Dell computer won't load up?
Is it possible to know which country's citizens visit your blog at Blogpot?
How to add a video player to my blog?
Should i get a facebook?
why abadanian are so cool but maeshur is not?
Can someone send me a link to the izanami hartbig fanfic?
I need some second opinions on my computer build, will all the parts work good together?
Laptop Won't Stop Going Off While Gaming?
Best free video editing software?
my cpu temp low but fan high?
So Me and my Bro youtube channel has already hit 100 views. Is there any way to make it go up.?
How to clean an iPad's data and viruses?
Computer buying advice?
Can you give me your opinions on getting the MacBook Air 2013?
How can i connect two computers?
Which Browser Do You Use?
Google, Bing, Yahoo, or Ask? Which search engine would you prefer?
I just turned 18 and I want to buy a new laptop.?
Why is it hard for an apple computer to catch a virus?
Why won't my iMac fan stop running?
Is possible for an operating system to be designed to run both OSX and Windows programs?
I have uploaded the wrong image of my signature in my form and would like to change it.How can I do it?
C++: You can't call a method written AFTER the one you're in? WHY?!?
how do I mute HTML on my website?
Easy to use video editor?
Slow Internet speed (not from ISP)?
What should I Snapchat my friend?
Do they allow online collaboration? (online collaboration means that people can work on the same document at?
Do they allow synchronous (immediate) or asynchronous (there’s a lag between a comment and reply) communicatio?
Why do websites do this?
Does the way you place your mouse pad matter?
Not really sure about the right computer?
What can cause no sound from computer?
Mac book pro upgrading?
My GTA 4 does not work.Please help me in solving this error.It shows xnet startup failed(read for more details?
Unable to watch iTunes movies?
Need help creating a c++ program!?
How was building your first computer?
PHP mail() doesn't work on xampp localhost?
Facebook,,,I sent a message to someone who is not?
can u photo comme t on facebook with the mobile app for an android ?? and if u can how do u do it?
what is the best voice recording app in iphone?
What is the time span of the Middle Ages?
Why does Google Street View censor some faces of statues and billboards?
WD Smartware not on my computer?
What is wrong with Google search?
For John: Can you tell me where or how i can fix it? If Yahoo is the reason the internet freezes?
How can i get more like in http://m.facebook.com/khalekbd14?
Why does my laptop overheat? What is malfunctioning inside?
I have brodband internet connection in my office. And my home is 2KM from office.?
How Much Time take Serch Engine For Indesking changing web address?
FREE instagram bot!?!?
When I like a picture on Instagram it automatically unlikes it.?
Is there any way to do multiple web searches at once? (see details)?
What is the best way to combine a lot of gifs into one video?
Why did my PC lose 168GB's when I didn't even do anything?
Whats the universal definition for a variable in scripting?
how to get job in google?
Good laptop for gaming?
Can I run DayZ Standalone w/ this computer?
Is there a program to know if DRIVERS installed are compatible with your PC?
Please share your opinion if u have hp or dell laptop.?
Need help picking the right computer?
What is function of kernel in os?
Anyone having hp pavilion or dell laptop, please do share your opinion?
Why can't my old Windows XP (pc games) be played on the new Windows 8?
Mencari pusat repair komputer di sekitar ampang..laptop kena virus?
2 computers and one host dedicated server?
I am looking for an Internet service provider that isn't connected to a television contract?
What parts should I use to build a high performance gaming PC?
Any famous youtube gaming channel that speaks malay?
Why can't I play my old WinXP game's on the new Windows8?
Can you put programs on a USB flash drive then put them on the Microsoft surface rt?
How to use recivery disks for Windows 8 hp computer?
When you buy Microsoft Office, do you have to pay for it more than once?
Can i change my graphic card?
How to get wifi signal from far away?
How can I delete linux(utuntu) in windows vista?
# Div disappears? CSS Anyone?
I need a laptop/ultrabook that...?
how do I know if I have 32 or 64 bit for IE 11 download?
Can I upgrade from Intel T6500 to T9900?
Where to get Outlook extraction tool for corrupted .dbx files ?
Can my computer run DayZ Standalone with these specs?
looking for good wireless router for home 3 computers, which is the cheap and best?
Asus G750 won't turn on?
Why gaming pc were defeated by ps4 or xbox one ?
When using Wi Fi in a house, would the house owner see the websites you are viewing? Is what you see recorded?
Does My Old Battery Make My Laptop Overheat?
If i create a quickfilmz account, but did not verify is it still there?
My msi gd-65 gaming is givving me error code \66\ which means late cpu initialization. What do i do?
Where is Avatar Prom?
Why is my graphics not improving?
why can't i put in my passwod?
Possible HP Envy Desktop Upgrades?
what computer program?
Use two different inputs on the same line with java scanner?
Making a picutre a better wallpaper?
Someone keeps going into my boyfriend's facebook?
10PTS! Noria Chromo android tablet: need factory reset image!?!?
why do some people on facebook hide their friend list for everyone including their friends on facebook?
Easy to understand video or links on these topics?
Windows 7 to Windows 8.1 for laptop gaming?
Why does Google show different numbers of hits with different browsers?
Motom history problem?
Is my computer being hacked?
Average usage of internet for a month?
How do i \activate\ my graphics card?
laptop says i have...?
If I get a dual monitor, what kind of model would be the best?
I need help with my computer?
where can I get a free gaming laptop?
problem login into my facebook account. after, reset so many passwords, again asking for birthday repeatedly!?
Does anybody feel a bit lonely after going through Facebook?
Blue Screen and Freezing computer!?
How can completely wipe my Asus windows 8 school laptop?
What device combo should i get?
How do i re-enable my hardline connection after disabling it?
Why doesn't every laptop have bluetooth?
My Sony Vaio Fit battery won't charge even when it's plugged in.?
Programs that won't uninstall?
factory reset hp compaq cq58?
Do any girls have an old minecraft account that they dont use anymore?
Can I reformat this computer to make it Windows 7?
Can this my pc handle ultra settings on bf4 and dayz?
Add new folder icon does not work!!?
A legit way to hack Facebook?
Is this laptop good for gaming?
Dont know how to get drivers.?
What sound card fits my Desktop?
How do I get usb portable apps to run from my android on my computer?
Can my computer run Minecraft with fairly high settings?
How can I work for Google?
How do viruses work and why do they exist?
how can i find out if someone has a fake facebook?
Help with simple C Program. thank you!?
How do I get kicked from a Minecraft PC server that I hate?
I've lost my overlcock?
Downloading gmail attachments?
How can I make things go on D Drive?
how do i find out who this ip 76.77.213.236 address belongs to? i keep getting messages on my Facebook from it?
iPhone app for photos slideshow?
How do you get around your security questions for iTunes?
can I use Office 2007 on Microsoft 8?
Can someone help me solve this programming error? Please Help?
Is comcast performance starter much slower than performance?
Is a motherboard on a computer important and what's its job?
Can Copper and Aluminum Co-Exist in a Cooling Loop?
how many times would a 50000 mah external battery charge up my iphone 5?
Why can I not reformat my new hard drive?
gigaware usb keyboard 26-460 keeps disconnecting and reconnecting windows 7?
I want to run Planetside 2 on High, what needs upgrading?
what is the difference between cat5 and cat5e?
malwarebytes trouble?
does anyone know if norton internet security system is free other than the trial versions? can an?
Audio editing program?
Video Upload Speed Formula?
Acer v5 552 8404- can it play League of Legends smoothly?
I put in my RAM stick backwards, I need help?
my T43p IBM ThinkPad screen keeps going black how do i fix this problem?
Need a photoshop or edit app?
How do i update the bios on hp probook 4520s?
google is not working on my computer?
Does an Intel Core i7 4820K pair well with a GTX680? will there be bottlenecks?
Hi guys, I can't neither install Hotspot shield nor remove from the panel control?
I have a copy of Adobe Photoshop and trying to install it on my laptop but it won't open. why?
How to fix really slow laptop! (Very laggy)?
what is use of Microsoft Visual Studio ? Thanks?
What's wrong with my internet connection?
I forget the password of my yahoo wifi modem, How can I find it back?
How to share a video on a Facebook Page?
Help with getting duplicates on iTunes?
Is ibuypower a good company for gameing pcs and also has anyone ordered from there and what would you rate it?
Webcam on alienware M14x?
Will dual monitors affect my FPS or any aspects of gaming performance?
My hotmail is not working right. I can get on but i can't do anything.?
How to find someone on Facebook?
i donot no how to unlock my google account on my lg phone?
Should we start a class action lawsuit against Apple?
is it possible to set a limited download time on utorrent?
I have blue screen of death and black screen of death?
Is it circular reasoning or reasoning, circular?
live wallpaper slowdown computer?
i think i just got a hoax letter?
Laptop wifi range decreased?
what to do with a broken wireless router?
Good gaming cable internet service provider?
how how do i change language?
My new computer is running really slow?
Saving Powerpoint Slides?
is this a good laptop for everyday use?
Will Incompatible RAM cause the BIOS not to start up?
How do I upload a video, like: save it to my computer like a image/picture (not from Youtube)?
sometimes my computer ,(not laptop), screen goes really bright when I don't want it to! How do I dim it?
I have a copy of Adobe Photoshop and trying to install it on my laptop but it won't open. why?
How can I burn ccd, img and sub files on windows 7, easily?
Google is not working on my computer?
Best/safe photoshop software right now?
Unable to recover deleted files from a USB?
Windows Install Question?
why can't I log in to facebook?
Windows Vista upgrade questions?
How can I do this???
excel spreadshead question?
Does updating my iPhone to ios 7 use my memory?
My gpu is very loud when in utorrent,please help?
What's the best word processing software for windows 8?
are steam servers down right now because i try to click on team fortress two and it wont even leave a message?
Why do many architects use many softwares?
Broken caps in a monitor?
How do you backup your computer to an external without having to highlight every file?
How can I delete my Piczo website?
how can i delete this?
How can you change the email adress to install microsoft office student 2013?
How can you change the email adress to install microsoft office student 2013?
Are the iPad mini with retina display….?
PewDiePie Youtuber Opinions.?
how do you check for virus on phone?
What should I do about selling PC programs from Windows XP?
If I pay $1 to send a message on FB, can that person tell I paid?
Is this motherboard compatible with this case?
Which video card should I buy?
i got a random gmail chat request?
Does Xfinity Blast Plus have a cap on usage?
how do i look up follow requests i have already denied on instagram?
How to reffer to the third argument of the script using the variable V if V was previously declared as V=2?
Youtube replay button wont work?
Am I getting scammed on PayPal?
How to delete empty cell in excel?
how can I write in hindi online and offline on my pc?
Facebook profile picture?
How can I promote my YouTube video and get 10,000 real views in a month?
sysctl.conf wont save in lubuntu linux?
Why aren't my Facebook posts showing up on other pages?
My Galaxy S3 suddenly turned off! What should i do?
BATCH file code help?
IS THIS POSSIBLE TO FIX?!?
I need help on C++ questions...?
MacBook Pro got water spilled on it….?
How to change your new tab?
Can I Put This RAM In My Computer?
Help Lightroom 5 Brushes?
What are some good photo editing apps?
Temporarily locked out of Facebook?
Would updating drivers help?
I need a operating system :(?
Why is there no Sonos for Linux?
Why do hackers ruin our lives and why are they still out there?
Computer Science or Computer Engineering? Your insight Please?
how to install windows?
How To Connect My PS3 To My Monitor?
Should I try hypnosis for curing the fear or public speaking?
PS4 Wont Go 1080p and the screen goes blank if i turn it on ???
How is this website doing that?
Do the public speaking hypnosis on YouTube work?
For a couple of months I've been trying to download YouTube videos in high quality in WMV format, help?
Computer Hardware Question.?
I can't connect to my minecraft server?
Affordable but Good Quality printer?
Can i run bf3 on low settings? I can run MW3 on high settings '' No lag ''?
Is it possible to increase internet upload speed?
Why won't my computer boot?
How to post submissions i recieve anonymously on tumblr?
Why did I receive a message in my Swagbucks gift card asking to email them for Approval?
Can I legally monetize my videos with creative commons audio in it?
Why did I receive a message in my gift card asking to email them for Approval?
How do I remove \safesaver\ from my computer?
What is a good but cheap Graphics card i can get?
Query about Intel Core2Duo?
I can't see who's on Mobile or Web next to their name on chat. Help?
what can the Maximus VI Hero Handle?
my iphone 5s internt wont work with out wi-fi?
Is there an app to see who views my Facebook page?
Programming Tips & Guide?
Addicted to computer programming, but anxious towards it?
PS4 Wont Go 1080p and the screen goes blank if i turn it on ??
Java - is Else if a separate thing?
Question about Facebook Photo Privacy?
YouTube Monetization question (Did I spell that right?)?
i saved my wordpad documents but can't find them?
Computer having power issues?
I imported some pictures from my mac book pro to my iPhone 4s but now it won't let me delete them.?
Is it true that the Facebook chat on the left side is people who have recently looked at your profile?
i got a mac, i cant play any games on it, im missing a program, what programs do i need?
How do I take everything off of my Acer laptop?
How indestructible is the internet?
Chrome is my default browser, but outside links open in internet explorer?
Google Chrome trouble how to fix.?
Which tablet is best?
How to redirect web traffic to backup server?
How to write a simple addition problem in Visual Logic?
chromebooks good or bad give reasons for and against getting one?
How do i change my rescue email adress for iTunes?
How do I remove a line from Microsoft Word 2010?
how do i delte me facebook email of the home page?
Keep an Excel formula connected when copying the cells it uses originally?
Am I losing money I should be getting through my youtube partnership?
How can I find Web Design Clients?
Will this have control over my computer?
Would there be Laptops with Touchscreen keyboard ?
question about windows 8 and how to install solitaire?
Turning off FB notifications for replies?
Cant have Facebook :(?
Can your boss monitor your emails on a google work domain account?
Problem when rooting GS4?
How weak is a Nvidia GT 240 compared to Intel integrated graphics?
I have not that that old laptop but i cant watch youtube HD videos,what's the problem?
how do i make my yahoo qestion history private ?
Keep old Mac air or get a refurbished one?
Can you please compare these laptops?
How can I stream .ISO movies from my hard drive to t.v. Without a computer?
Feedback on my first vlog?
do I need to learn both ASP and PHP?
Is the following HDD compatible to my laptop?
Need a laptop to play minecraft help?
Monetizing YouTube videos?
Does Hotspot Shield work on Skype too?
what is my confirmation code of my facebook acount?
USB ports don't work HELP!?
I am running DDR3 1333mhz , Would I notice any improvement if I upgraded to 1600mhz or 1866mhz ram?
How do i like a video on the youtube ios app?
when I sync my iphone it wont update my playlists?
webcam quality is bad.?
how to set imageicon on label in java swing?
Can I put Program Files onto an External Hard Drive?
what the cheapest grahpics card what plays 1080p great?
How to make image stable?
Facebook password email confirmation ?
Hai i wona know how to conect free with another pc using remote desktop connection without using internet or e?
what is mlmqynjx.dll it says its missing from my laptop but malwarebytes said it was malware please help???
Can someone explain to me exactly what is going on with YouTube? Every time I try to post?
Where can I find all knowledge recorded by humans online and can I download it?
Just got my working papers.. soo..where can i work?
what is my confirmation code of my facebook acount?
My iPhone 5 won't let me rearrange a playlist?
What is good free movie making software?
Is it possible to completely teach myself C++ to a level where I could genuinely use it to program?
What are the 5 best things about cloud storage?
Can I install windows 8 after ubuntu and windows 7?
What is Ping? And What Makes it high? read down?
a?x?b - how should I write this in c++ ?
my laptop has a black screen?
my laptop is 32bit dell mini , can i install window 8 (64bit) or (86bit) , and if no how to fix the problem?
Why can't I edit word document (deleted it and got it back using Recuva)?
How do I add members to my primary Tumblr blog?
How can i completely remove a google play device?
What size SD card should i use?
What do i need to upgrade to be able to record without fps drop?
what does it mean when your twitter is suspended?
Why is my internet so slow?
Cannt connect to the serve?
remind me how I change the appearance of the control panel?
why is my html coding doing this?
Wanting to upgrade my processor?
hello i need help thinking of a youtube name it has to have josh in it and it has to be short catchy and somet?
Help!!! I spilled water on my laptop keyboard!?
where is the internet?
Windows system recovery help?
how to do that on sony vegas?
how can i confirm my account?
Anyone use a Password Vault app?
Which programme should I use to make iOS 8 concept?
Which programme should I use to make iPhone 6 concept?
Updating my Windows 8 laptop do Windows 8.1?
Can someone help me with blog name ideas?
Norton internet is messing with me?
I found out I have a fake profile of me, what should I do?
Text to Speech E-book integration?
how far can norton internet security support windows xp when microsoft stop its support in April?
Which CPU should I buy?
How do I format this Hard Drive?
(Plugged in, Charging) 0 percent battery life...?
Which RAM(s) are faster? Both 1600 Mhz 1x CL10 8GB or 2x CL9 4 GB?
Is it possible to use my laptop to connect my PC to the internet?
Emergency! Can a person please help me with my laptop problem!?
help i lost my tumblr e-mail?
Is there any way I can get a lost windows key?
Which CPU should I buy?
Should i get a MacBook Air now or wait?
Why does my laptop suddenly and unexpectedly restarts while its plugged in?
I really new to UNIX please help for floating points?
What tablet should I get?
How Do I take A Snapshot From/On The Laptop?
does anyone know who I can make my yahoo questions private please ?
is my cpu temperature sensor broken?
Can I get better playback of YouTube videos on my PC or is this hopeless?
Setting a start point for audio files in Audacity.?
does anyone know of a free place to learn game development in 3d?
How to sync iBooks PDFs from my MacBook to my iPhone?
What is error code1111?
Computer won't connect to internet?
What are the benefits of having a membership website?
How bad is Windows 8?
How to write excel if statement?
Okay computer people I know this might sound weird?
which programming lanuage is good for high packages and also used in government sectors in india. plz help me.?
Blue Snowball mic isn't recognized by laptop, any suggestions?
Is this tha new site for tumblr?
How to ping everything on a network continuously?
Unstable pc MEMORY_MANAGEMENT BSOD and Frezzing?
reinstalling windows 7?
I need a computer expert plz plz plz? 10 pts plz?
Is Asus S550C S Series Laptop Compatible with Windows 7?
My old Toshiba laptop won't turn on.?
Sign in on my laptop running Windows 8 has become difficult. Help?
Why computer turn off without warning?
Whats a good graphics card to game with a 430 Watt cosair psu?
Visual basic download?
How much is this pc worth?
How to reset password for hp g50 laptop?
are microsoft engineers actually retarded?
did he block me from snapchat???
Build a mobile website?
I bought a used laptop sound works except when playing DVDs. Do you know what the problem is. I updated driver?
I want to add something at the end of my program that asks the user if they want to run it again.?
HELP before I install Windows 7 Premium 64-bit to a new SSD 256GB PLEASE HELP?
Indents/Margins trouble in MS 2010?
My Dell Studio Desktop won't turn on?
Someone help me please i am unable to click on this site :/?
How can I transfer the fonts from one computer (w/Word 97) to another (w/Word 2007)?
why cant i upload my youtube vids?
How many Mbps do I need?
Are friends list we create on Facebook private?
Black screen when laptop turned on?
Profile picture not appearing on Facebook timeline?
Need help with audio drivers please....?
Should I install Linux?
linux vs windows for new pc?
Need help choosing a Graphics Card?
Is it safe to end explorer.exe?
Having problems with my samsung GT S5301?
How can I get the options of bolding, italisizing, underlining words in my emails to work?
Toshiba Satellite L500-19x not charging?
My converter file for my word program got deleted?
I need to replace the power port for my laptop?
How to remove Linux Puppy from my computer?
Using my GOOGLE CHROME BROWSER, is there a way for me to make a custom size...?
My Laptop is not properly shutting down, can someone help?
How fast does a laptop CPU need to be for games?
New monitor sujustion under 200 dollars?
Finding longer of two strings in java?
All browsers slow load right after startup?
i can't download anything with chrome?
Opinions and changes for my gaming pc build?
How do you make 2 pictures look like one?
Does anyone know a real spellcaster?
how do i get to youtube inbox?
Can I make Microsoft Office stop asking for activation whilst I have the free trial?
what can I do as a programmer?
Hi im looking for a way to stop myself from looking at some \embrarasing\ pics on the web?
How to press enter in Facebook Chat Message?
Just built a new pc and display is weird?
transfer dropbox to another computer?
How can i, by clicking on a comandbuton on excel vba, open another userform with other commandbuttons?
I'm having a hard time trying to solve this Programming problem that uses pascal?
how do i open windows movie maker on my laptop?
How to create Blog - what is best WordPress or Blogger?
how to create my web page?
23inch monitor sujustion?
I need to record a video WITHOUT my FACE being SHOWN!?
\You have an IP address of 165.100.32.35/27. What are the valid host addresses for the network?\?
does anyone know of a computer i can buy that is around 450 pounds? it has to be a gaming computer?
My profile picture on Facebook doesn't show on my wall when I change it?
Will documents saved in Pages open up in Word?
Will documents saved in Pages open up in Word?
Is it advisable to buy tata photon max wifi?
Can anyone suggest me good project ideas for 8th semester information Science Engineering?
How to end turns in Excel?
How can I enable this?
WTH?AM I BEING HACKED?
I wants Paypal Money Adder 100 % working?
What are the main companies that manufacture Amazon's servers?
What is so useful about a 'Full Adder' circuit?
I am having an idea to develop one big technology in software how can i send it to Google ?
i DON'T KNOW HOW TO FIX THE STUPID EASY PROBLEM?
Is there an online forum where users can add global tags to their profiles?
How do I change my email address to my old domain address?
Please help on graphics card NVIDIA GeForce N15S-GV?
Every web page I open is flagging up an Avast warning?
How Do I Temporarily Disable Norton 360 ?
I accidently deleted a important message on facebook, i know the new facebook system now is different?
which laptop between these two should i buy?
How can I stop getting notifications about other people's posts on Facebook?
How to find a provider of only internet?
New built custom PC won't show display unless i take out the GPU?
Will this crossfire work?
Will my ASUS X502CA be able to use the Roxio game capture HD Pro?
Does this laptop have good specs for price?
Audio reduces automatically volume?
Why doesn't sound play on my computer?
Is this a good graphics card?
Is this a good enough graphics card?
Is this a good way to make a 3d head?
Conversation Threads?
low space on my new laptop?
Is there a way to watch Netflix on Linux?
How can I get Framework 4.0 on a computer without an internet connection?
Where Google Failed and Where it suceeded?
My tab is dead and what is the reason?
can anyone explain the network needs on the cloud?
How to repair memory card, which is not recognized by PC or Camera?
What app do people use for edits on Instagram?
suggest some nice laptops till 45000/-?
How do you make videos automatically play off of internet/youtube?
Why does my computer shut off automatically when I Lock my computer?
Is this laptop good enough to play battlefield 4?
Linux Mint 16 Failed to Download All Repository Indexes?
google play store won't open?
what's app available for windows8 pc?
How to you copy a post from facebook to a personal file?
problem with google chrome.?
What is the best asus gaming laptop for £1000?
Once sent, can you delete whatsapp message before the other person reads?
Ebay buyer asking to send two invoices?
Ebay buyer asking to send two invoices?
How to retrieve a lost password to open my PC?
intel db75en motherboard grachis support?
hosting server,cheaper hosting?
please tell me how are where do i enter my code?
YouTube Username help?!?1?
when i try to print single email i get microsoft box closing box?
how do I install blacberry desktop manager?
Please answer, why is this error showng?
Why is my window switching monitors? Windows 7 OS?
Good YouTube video ideas?
best graphics card for my pc?
How do you convert GBP to USD in MS Excel?
Which is the best ISP in India and USA?
How to secure web sites from hackers?
How can I fix screen resolution on my emails?
Is it possible to connect to the internet via my laptop?
Whats the best and safest site to buy laptop replacement parts?
Can i do M.Tech in electrical after doing B.tech in computer?
guys i have to create a web site for my project.i have to upload it....?
can somone provide me bluestack app player for windows 7 version 0.6 ?
Yahoo News videos won't run. YouTube etc no problem....how to fix?
Website Part Selector?
2000mAh USB Backup External Battery Power Bank Pack Charger?
Should I cancel my Netflix account before moving?
How to send mail containing a Image so that it is password protected?
Need help with GPU and PSU Compatibility!!!?
How do I connect my macbook to a Lenovo?
Excel: How to make column a put a number in each cell?
Need a business logo design?
What is the average salary for this IT role?
does my motherboard support new graphic cards?
Display turning off....?
I have a toshiba laptop and after I restarted to an earlier it wont go back on.. it says that the user profile?
What laptop battery does this laptop have?
How do i get a new tumblr cursor?
How to get Windows 8?
Is it ok to have Microsoft Security Essentials and Mal Ware Bytes both on your PC ?
why does someone poke u on facebook?
what is the best site for downloading porn games for windows 7 ultimate?
SUSE linux enterprise server 11?
Need to contact help me?
Best way of creating a 3D game for iOS?
Please help me guys????
help me! i have a laptop problem :s?
G105 Gaming keyboard?
Microsoft Word: Content get unorganized?
Why my laptop still gets 20 Mbps download speed?
gaming pc for next gen games?
No internet access with my netgear wireless router on my laptop?
Is this PC good for gaming?
how to reformat a seagate freeagent goflex hard drive without deleting files?
What website would you recommend for a personal blog/portfolio?
how can i retrieve deleted songs?
how do i make a program that saves data?
Website Bandwidth/ with forum?
ok im having a problem on this adobe plug in . . . .and its pissing me off . . .?
Chrome vs Firefox, which one should I go for?
How will this laptop perform at the native resolution on Very High?
how to type a square root symbol?
What is the average salary for this IT role?
is this PSU (SMPS) Worth?
Need help Managing a Facebook Page?
did my computer get hacked?
How do I get loads of followers on ask.fm?
I have a problem with the audio on my Sony Vaio laptop.?
Is there a website where I can find a lot of friends?
Any suggestion for gaming laptop, especially thin and less weight? (not included Razer)?
How do I remove Apple's DRM (FairPlay) from books purchased on iTunes?
I need help from a Samsung Expert?
How to disconnect facebook page from my twitter?
I'm having trouble with NI Massive on Ableton?
PC Problem :( Help please.. Advises?
Price of asus/msi amd r9 280x in delhi?
how to reverse tether in android?
Does youtube pay depending on likes, subscribers or views?
What is a good simple free easy to use e-mail service?
are there any free or cheap websites to watch new tv series?
Whats the problem with my internet connection?
Safari download manager for ios 7?
DATABASE KNOWLADGE NEEDED?
\Your IP address has changed. Please log in again\ message on my cpanel HELP?
What program is used to create images like this?
Modem to router via coaxial cable ?
I forgot my gmail id?
what does header files do in C language?
Ip address and modem question?
How to block a Word Form from printing if a field is left blank?
What reasonably priced services are out there for logo designing?
My laptop wont start?
Why are the videos I watch on YouTube so blurry?
How to add an extra hd drive on hp compaq dc7600?
What is eating up all that space in my Local Disk C?
Software for storing names, details and information on customers?
Is there an Excel VBA editor and compiler in Android?
i want to change a switch statement to if statement if java?
Software for storing names, details and information on customers?
How to save a page in chrome such that all its links are working offline?
What is the best current windows tablet under 300 and can run photoshop.?
MP4s gradually slow to a stop?
Video/Audio conversion tool/software?
my account has been hacked?
How to plot a shorter path graph?
Email read receipt came up with Microsoft's IP instead of the person's IP?
want help with my faceboook account?
EBAY Newbie: Why are there listing fees?
Is there a software which is able to recognize a language (audio not text) ?
how to make faster performance in i3 processor?
Free webcam emulator for Windows?
My acer aspire e1-570 doesn't have a built-in cd/dvd drive even though it said so?
How to get more subscribers on youtube?
Is this 13\ Macbook Pro Retina enough?
Is there a way to make a tweet private?
In iMovie, when I publish my project as .mov not all of my clips are published. What could be wrong?
no download of images & no search mail facility?
i am interested in a tablet that has g3?
I am a kitchen equipments manufacturer.I need a software which gives 3d views dimensions and realistic.?
can anyone please tell me what app this is for instagram? Thanks.?
A link, that check your location, when opening it?
How can I use screen (Good condition) of broken laptop?
Can't connect to Omegle!!?
Are my computer specs good?
Who is more annoying in Facebook? Girls or Boys?
Win 8, Can someone hack computer, if they know User Account name?
Can someone tell me some good mobile browser based online games?
Why i am getting negative ranking if i submit articles....???? Plz help me?
The best option for 2 in 1 Tablet/Laptop?
snapchat question? snaps not going thru?
There any option available to run windows phone 8 in windows 7 or 8/8.1?
Vlookup? How to pull data from a third column in excel?
How can I have dual monitors and a TV on the same computer?
on ur local profile can u get perma perks?
Vlookup? How to pull data from a third column in excel?
computer easy problem?
I can't update my galaxy s4?
Program to build App like WhatsApp for Android, IOS etc ?
Is it Possible to use free net in India?
vb chapter 5 UniqueRandomNumbers?
how to correct this.. ?
Can i get caught stealing wifi?
How to convert video without quality decreases ?
can anyone help me understand the .class in java?
Youtube Video Freezes A Lot?
Any software to detect lies by audio or skype?
Can I print to a wifi wireless printer from my wifi tablet IF I have no router?
do you think that website designer is a good job?
Intel Pentium Extreme Edition or Intel Core 2 Duo ?
Intel Pentium Extreme Edition or Intel Core 2 Duo ?
plz how can i get a laptop so that i can go back to school?
Why can't my laptop find my wifi?
I forgot my answers of apple's security questions, what can I do :( ?
Is a Intel Core-i5 3350P Quad-Core Processor 3.1 Ghz 6 MB Cache LGA 1155 - BX80637i53350P good for pc gaming?
is my new ram is defected?
Messages sent to non friends on facebook?
From where can i download mac os x bootable iso?
Windows XP 32 Bit ISO?
Can I change my wd hdd 1tb from ntfs to fat32 without losing my data or having to format the hdd?
hi everyone i want to make some money as a teen . Do you know any method ?
Explain This Simple Javascript Statement?
Database experts opinion needed?
What games can my laptop support?
Can anyone help with Excel formulas?
What is the procedure to install window8 on my h.p mini laptop?
I'm having trouble with my FaceTime on MacBook Pro?
Suggestions needed for a printer for home needs.(India)?
I want to earn from YouTube, please explain steps?
Does a PC keep track of Internet service providers you connect to AND if so how do you view the list?
Does a PC keep track of Internet service providers you connect to AND if so how do you view the list?
How good is my laptop for gaming?
Problems with IE version 11?
Why does using my computer cause nausea and is there a remedy?
che antivirus usate? ?
How to unlock tata photon max wifi?
when i wacth movies on my laptop, after 15 min my laptop makes 7 beeps sound and than shut down. What can the?
How much bandwidth required for voice call on gsm?
can you check if a weebly site has been edited?
Similar FREE font types?
Is 16GB internet speed a lot slower/faster than 60MB?
what will happen to the bettery of my laptop if i accedentally dropped it?
I need some help with my new computer?
Are there any significant differences between Quickbooks 2004 and the newest version of Quickbooks?
How to troubleshoot this?
I need a quiet computer keyboard to write my books and play my video games. Options?
Best Free Blu-ray Playing Software for PC?
video editing problems?
How does someone cancel relationship requests on facebook?
what dj software should i get?
Can i use google ads to More blogs,?
Are my specs good to play games on ultra.cpu-amd phenom IIx4 980 be 3.7ghz,gpu-nvidia gtx 760 2gb,ram-4gb?
Who is tracling my computor online?
Instagram account help?
Please help ABOUT ACCESS 2007?
how to close a fake account on fb which uses my name and info?
download stuffs from torrent makes LAPTOP slow?
windows 8 update stuck. cannot reboot?
30 fps and below on Minecraft and 60 fps stable on Battlefield 3, why?
How To Upgrade Torrent speed?
Need HTML help. I'll sure vote for best answer?
Best 300$ to 650$ Gaming Graphics card.?
Is it compatible with windows 8?
i still know my first pasword in facebook, but i changed it recently now i want my old pasword back can it be?
Help when i play minecraft I cant hit when i left click (well i can but only every 20-30 seconds)?
My final PC build...any suggestions, comments?
who is searching my profile on facebook?
converting video files?
Microsoft Word - is there a way to do this?
Where can I download free books for my Samsung tab 3?
How do I transfer YouTube videos into my camera roll with an iPhone?
Looking for computer purhase recommendation...?
copyright issues with youtube?
Would you recommend TUMBLR for a personal website?
how many views on youtube lead to a thousand dollars?
My graphics card is causing problems?
Fake videos on Youtube earn money?
windows 7 doesn't detect my laptop's wireless(wifi) card?
Desktop disapeared how do i restore??
Cheap iPad air online?
Is it safe to move files from 'recovered' computer to clean one?
My laptop has been shutting down for no reason?
How to tell if you have a SSD on your laptop?
Is wordpress a good option for a blog/portfolio?
What is the reason of not copying file in pendrive.???
How can i solve the problem?
is adblock secure and safe to purchase? (google chrome)?
How do you know how fast your internet connection is?
Temporary error: ymws:Server.MailboxOpenFailed?
Is 1GB/month internet data for my phone enough?
Labtop Or Tablet,? which is more recommended?
Is there a way to know if someone has read my message on Facebook and then marked it as unread?
What is the most powerful internet search engine?
Can my Msi gt780x still survive and play this years upcoming pc games?
Computer troubles!!!!?
Is there a way to know if someone has read my message on Facebook and then marked it as unread?
Which is a better video card for gaming: NVIDIA or Intel?
On Excel, how would I use the IF function to count contents of a cell?
How long should my specs last for?
If I ask a question on here does it expose my identity? Because I signed in via Facebook.?
How do I create this formula in the simplest method.?
can i connect 2 dial up connection at same time to one system?
Want some friends...for YouTube gaming channel?
Why is google banned in China?
Can I install Windows 8 with one DVD on more computers?
downside to partitioning hdd to work on mac and windows?
Puchasing app from the App Store?
Errorsicould not access my notepad data?
How does bookmyshow gets it's info?
laptop cannot maintain internet connection?
Will a 780 Graphics card fit or be compatible with my case/motherboard?
Why cant i see someones mutual friends on Facebook anymore, does this guy think im stalkin /am i blocked?
A tree structure in C++?
how do you publish and upload your website without using filezilla?
every time I type I get the blue screen error?
Really this Works, http://tasktojob.com/index.php?task=30026?
Can you get in trouble for downloading a video from pornhub through google chrome's developer tools?
Why my Internet won't work without hotspot proxy software ?
I am 20 years old young man and I am B.C.A. Graduate. I want to do work in Dubai how much salary i can get.?
what is the background music song of this YouTube video?
Forgotten my WiFi password?
CCTV is installed in India can it be viewed from USA?
can someone help me find computer parts?
Now a day current computer viruse?
Why cant i see someones mutual friends on Facebook anymore, am i blocked?
Can my former landlord see what I'm doing on my laptop if we shared wireless at one point?
How to copy the music in my phone to my computer?
Design a form which accepts a radius of a circle and calculate area and circumference?
Could my former landlord see what I am doing on my computer if we shared wireless at one point?
reset my sony vaio and now i lost all my programs?
How can I make my Facebook private so only my friends can read my timelines?
my screen on my rca 7 in tablet is cracked where can i get one?
My iPad isn't charging?
i need help with nigerian scamers?
What is the size in GB for an Intel(R) HD Graphics 4000?
can i change my product key?
how to unblock websites from my computer?
Please help me with this Dos-Box stuff!?
How can I reset my gmail password when I don't know the original password and have a new cell number?
WINDOWS 7 WDDM AERO AND TRANSPARENCY PROBLUM?
When do you send out kickstarter 'thank you's?
can someone please help me make an instagram name? i want it to involve my name and my name is maizie..thanks!?
How to unregister an executable file?
Do I believe Norton, is bloodhound.boot.string really a threat?
How can i make link in content after hummingbird update,can i use keyword in anchor text?
how i log out from viber?
How to delete a hotmail even though i cant log in?
When you change your quotes on facebook does it appear on news feed?
Should I get the current iMac or just wait for the new one?
Only oracle or sql server certification help me to get job?
How do I record my screen with MSI afterburner?
Which server widely used in india linux or microsoft window?
How to Make a program run on only one or two computer?
Need crysis 3 part20.rar?
How do I avoid geting DDossed?
On Excel, how do you get to work an IF calculation with letters in a selected field?
how to download from a blocked site?
Can you upload and make videos/channel if you're 13 on YouTube?
I need help in Youtube?
I made the mistake of buying Windows 8. I'm stuck with it. Anyone know a way I can?
which email sending software is best?
Why do I get the message \ Your PC can't project to another screen.\?
Good lighting for videos?
What porn site was that?
What is wrong with my parents? rofl?
New wacom intuos worth 100$?
Good laptop for game development?
How to delete Instagram with no password?
Facebook page category help?
Find the Best Web Design Studio in India ?
The File is Corrupted?
Java Graphics and AWT are applet programming and don't require main() Whether it can done with main()?
How can i join a facebook page privately?
What to look for in cooling fans for CPU heatsinks?
Things to take into consideration when ggetting a new graphics card?
Which 3G WiFi Router is compatible with unlocked Micromax 3G Universal Dongle MMX353G?
What is the best format for self-publishing my ebook?
Free YouTube Channel Icon creator?
can i connect with a wifi and a dongle at the same time?
Excel function (if i have a negative answer ,how do i change it to not valid\ instead ?
my laptop key board half not working and some keys function has been changed after bios flashed please help me?
what is the back ground size image on twitter?
Why don't social networking sites give you privacy?
What is a good calendar software to be used in my project ?
Is 4chan full of nasty things?
What web browser do you use?
2.20ghz(oc to 2.8) VS. 2.66ghz(oc to 3.26)?
The application won't start correctly.. PLZ HELP !!?
Any benefit in upgrading 2.2ghz cpu to a 2.66ghz?
Any benefit in upgrading 2.2ghz cpu to a 2.66ghz?
Which case do you think is better looking?
Which G41 Mother board Of Asus Or ASRock Should I Buy For Intel Pentium Dual Core E5500 2.86 ghz?
I tried copy dvd movie to blank dvd, but I failed at lat but why ?
i am locked out of my microsoft word, excel, and i need it working again, can you help?
How much does Best Buy charge to expand more RAM on your PC?
####### show in excel .How do i use a function to name it \late date\ instead ?
How to download an iOS 7 or later app without updating phone?
Software for storing names, details and information on banned customers?
Ebates question about getting cashback?
i want to know about how to watch 3D movie with interactive 3D glass at pc using samsung LED monitor?
where can i get (essentially) a battery pack with a wall outlet for plugging in and charging my surface pro?
Need name for Youtube beauty channel my name is Paige. maybe BrownSugarBeauty, ForgetMeNot,& North2Beauty?
Hello everyone! how to use facebook and youtube for free in china?
Is software testing a cool and relaxing job as compared to development?
can you give me some steps on how to code a smtp mail function in php?
What is the point of BitCoin mining?
Why do people take Facebook so seriously?
Is Facebook Sponsored Advertising worth for B2B Business?
I have al aplay sslcmark sheet nat res?
May I have a bitcoin?
what is a third party browser extension and should I allow it?
my new Samsung chrome notebook froze during a movie and its really hot but it won't shut down help please?
Any one know specs for a good gaming computer?
Which tablet should I get?
why cant i comment on YouTube videos through my android?
I have an external hard drive that powers on,spins but is not detected?is it just the logic board?
Problems locating Word Doc - can you save into a zip folder?
I need an internet filter that WILL BLOCK ADULT CONTENT WITHIN websites, not necessarily block the whole site?
How to reduce the file size of scanned documents?
I need an internet filter that WILL BLOCK ADULT CONTENT WITHIN websites, not necessarily block the whole site?
I need an internet filter that WILL BLOCK ADULT CONTENT WITHIN websites, not necessarily block the whole site?
Is there big changes from Photoshop cs2 and cs6 or cc?
How does you tube influence America??????????????????????
will a Radeon HD 7790 2GB work with this motherboard?
YouTube video lags every few seconds?
Program Files and download folders?
Computer internet problems?
How do i get rid of random ad's on my computer without the CD?
Facebook relationship status?
I need to design a diagram of a circle with holes spaced out in an even manner.?
Can i sell my 1.5 years old CPU at Nehru place or anywhere else in delhi?
How To Fix Asus Laptop Black Screen ???
Laptop performance issues?
What is the close button for the ASUS essentio Windows8 dvd tray?
Is there a way to get rid of those dotted line in Photoshop when using the marquee tool?
Guys I have a friend who run a call center and he said need someone who can run his dialer system and server?
Is https://www.bongoutlet.ca a safe place to buy things from?
I use Google XML Sitemaps plugin for my wordpress blog, Will i have to submit my sitemap daily?
when im trying to open router configratn it showng conectn reffered?
Internet Explorer going not respond mode?
Wifi connection problem (between pc and android phone.)?
Need freeware video & photo editing software for windows 8/32 bit?
Pros and Cons of a Home Server?
Why do videos have to completely load before playing?
Windows explorer problem?
please help with c++ programming to use virtual function?
Google Chrome Won't Open?
How do i fix my isp, ip and overall internet issue? (this s MY issue my not be yours)?
Can someone help me fix facebook on google chrome?
Does anyone use a registry cleaner on a windows phone?
Should I change my tumblr URL?
I have a Toshiba laptop from 1995. Is this worth anything, or will it every be worth anything? It works still.?
Can i sell my 1.5 years old CPU at Nehru place?
Planned to return laptop to Best Buy then it got scratched, will they still take it back?
Laptop help, games like Skyrim?
Looking to get a desktop computer for gaming?
Would this graphics card work?
How do I make a Links Page on Tumblr?
Mobile App Development - Can you help me get started?
How can I improve my youtube channel?
Google Chrome is Not Responding?
Is this a Good PC Build?
Audio Interface Problems?
Is there an easy way to save an entire Facebook conversation?
How do I get the Install program for windows 8 service pack 3?
I erased my laptop's hard drive, is it possible to redownload the memory and have it the way I bought it?
Where / how and why should I begin posting SELFIES?
how to check warranty on surface pro?
when i turn on my hp inspiron a430n message comes up reboot and select proper boot device?
Reformatting Macbook Pro Harddrive Question?
Just received and opened, acer iconia w3 tablet, turned it on and my account has been disabled?
This one's for photo editors! I need your help?
y isnt my notpad coming on?
Which Computer Case should i get?
Changing computer country?
Why am I not able to view my facebook page when I click on my page profile?? PLEASE HELP!?
Getting around that annoying Youtube copyright block?
Why did Google not approve AdSense on my blog?
Upgrade My Pre-Built PC?
Should I get my Bachelors first or training for Job?
How do i get only a clip of someone else's youtube video.?
How to transfer files from an infected computer?
DayZ freezes when I alt tab?
Scene last names for Facebook?
What's It Like At Vidcon?
does anyone know where i can find a windows 7 ultimate product key FREE!!!!!!!!?
format dell another window 7 CD with same product key?
what is the best way to reverse a linked list?
I need advance php pdf books?
Questions about Bill Gates and Steve Jobs?
Can you have more than one account on Youtube? If so how do you do this?
How do I t rid of pop ups adds on my laptop?
Please tell some latest Input/Output devices?
Please Suggest Me A Good Gpu?
How to get my computer to surf the web when I'm not around, and record what it finds?
Is Radeon R7 250 compatible with my rig?!?
Are laptops bought from Walmart as good quality as those bought from Best Buy and etc?
Whats needede to make my TV into my computer screen?
my andriod has a virus. how do i get ride of it?
Windows 7 wifi troubleshooting.?
Does downloading wow slow internet?
Good gaming computer?
can you help me get my windows vista computer starting up normally?
Doubt about gaming on my laptop?
Changing over device on itunes?
M minecraft server stopped working after update plz help?
Cannot connect to AppStore?
Pc resolution messed up?
facebook won't let me create a page?
how do i fix this problem with powerpoint?
Does IBuyPower charge sales tax if I was wanting to make a purchase in texas?
Why is my PC freexing up?
How to disable Safe Mode on a Galaxy S4 Active?
Why are all videos online ( especially porn videos ) appear encrypted or distorted ??
Can anyone help with my calculator issues?
AMD Athlon 64 X2 4600+ AM2 HELP!!!!!!!!!?
How to remove Better surf, when you cant find it in the control panel, or in the programs folders?
Building a gaming pc?
I had a J-tube removed 3months ago and now Im having Pain on tha same place the tube was at an in the middle?
What does this mean?
What's the best laptop for video editing??
Any Good youtubers off hand? 10 PTS best answer?
Google Search entry question out of curiousity?
Anyone else getting an annoying ad on google?
can i use my need for speed run product key again ?
My friend and I made a you tube show, but both of us are bad at artwork. It would be graciously appreciated?
My computer processor speed is 2.80GHz but it's only running 1.57GHz. What can I do to fix this?
Adobe Flashplayer on Kindle Fire or iPhone 4S!! please help!!!?
My windows 8 laptop has black screen?
how to know if you have been hacked on facebook?
what is the lastest build of windows 7 home premium sp1?
I heard I should get an SSD for my gaming pc. Which of these two is best for my system?
Windows 7 Services error. Pl help !!?
Should I go back to Watching this?
Help with HDD boot problems?
What do i need to increase my GHz?
Gifs on tumblr not working?
With this setup, should I opt for a Samsung Pro 256GB SSD for better performance?
Any porn websites not classified as porn?
What is a good note taking app that I can transfer the notes to my laptop?
what is the best video converter software for burning movies?
Computer PC Build HELP!?
HDD Not showing in linux?
Does a coaxle cable to goes to the telephone pole also act as an antenna? click plz?
Can I Use A Wired Pelican AfterGlow PS3 Controller On PC?
Is powercolour amd/ati radeon hd 5570 1gb ddr3 a good option?
I need help with a VPN?
someone please tell me how this works!!!?
I need help with a miniITX case. will these dementions work with this card?
All the websites on my Google Chrome are working except one that I need to use.Page is not loading.How to fix?
Android samsung device to Epson LX PRINTER?
How do I change the link to a Wikipedia Article in a paragraph?
atrocious download speeds but high internet speed test results.?
all desktop icons turned off on Windows?
How can I fix this next to the website entry?
Why is my font size shrinking in and out when I use my mouse?
How do I remove the magnifying glass and ad that pops up?
how can i use noskipws and skipws to read a sentence entered by the user and output it?
stop someone from adding me to Facebook's Close friends list?
Help MacBook Pro froze and now grey screen with flashing question mark folder?
What's A Safe & Simple DVD Ripper For Windows 8?
How do I get to my Modem's configuration page?
Where to download Windows 8(x64 bit)? Plz help...?
What CPU should I get for my computer build?
How do I deal with computer memory?
In linux console, what is the command to connect to a wireless access point?
why this software is installed on a different place?
How do i add music to my Tumblr?
Do fake and mistitled videos on Youtube earn money from Adsense?
how to edit joomla template information?
Anyone know where to buy windows 7 professional key cheapst?
How to get un-banned from a website?
Why are my AMD Drivers constantly shutting down and resetting?
what would be a good channel name for YouTube?
What is the best cloud online storage site?
Microsoft Access for Mac?
Is Nvidia GeForce GT 640 2gb good for gaming?
Is Nvidia GeForce GT 640 2gb good for gaming?
uTorrent Downloading INSANELY Slow!?
how to restore a stolen iPad?
Youtube Watch History Problem?
How does ebay and all those similar websites work?
Any relatively cheap laptops that meet the requirements of Planetside 2?
How to install Adobe CS6 on Windows 7?
Good gaming computers.?
Help me with my Computer start up? White screen!?
Are these good Fans for my PC?
After the 7-day free trial of Hulu+, will I automatically be charged for the month of it?
MacBook Air review, how much memory?
Are there any good c++ programing books for beginners?
Im attemting to use port forwarding to run MovieBox on my iPad. Which port should i use?
Will I Get Bullied At School If I Make Youtube Videos?
Crazy lunatic on Facebook. Two questions?
Youtube Advertisements?
Can I put this graphics card in my HP G62 Laptop?
KasperSky antivirus 6 password to stop update ?!?
I have a Samsung notebook, how do I make it faster?
Group Youtube Channel Names?
My computer shut downs when i try to access a website to download files!!?
Can someone explain in plain english the cause & meaning of an error message that says FOOTPRINT 4.8 FPMCP?
How come I can't contatenate strings in c++ this way?
how do you deltlete you facebook email off the home page?
I cannot backup my laptop?
My computer became slow, I don't know the problem? no HD?
Problem with Photoshop CS6 Serial Number?
can you help me :)Slow upload?
Excel date function: I have 2 dates and i get a negative answer .how to change it to positive ?
Any pro computer hackers? (experience)?
The pressure sensitivity on my Bamboo tablet isn't working.?
How to create subfolders?
How to protect my android phone from virus?
Will Arma 3/DayZ run on a inspiron one 2020?
Is there an NSA backdoor in Windows 8?
i have a windows 8 laptop and i cant hear anything except my apps restarting it didn't work what do i do?
do spammers still disguise URLs?
how do i clear this flash drives that wont let u delete stuff on it?
Can I block someone from subscribing to me on youtube?
Upgrading my PC to Sli Cards?
Is it true that Twitter now notifies you when your profile is viewed?
I'm in dire need of laptop buying advice please?
my computer spec good enough for 3ds max with rayfire large objects?
Popup ads and such everywhere on internet?
Youtuber obsession. I need help.?
Windows XP is still loading then restarts suddenly?
Should I buy a laptop or not and sell my Xbox One? What should I buy?
Would resetting an iPhone wipe out everything on my YouTube acct?
Invalid security id windows 7?
Couldn't connect my laptop to the internet. How?
How to get more channel views?
Is there a way to make VGA or DVI-D convert to HDMI?
Can someone change the text of messages or anything online using a plug in on chrome?
How can I tell if I want to make a certain person an admin in my group?
HOW do i get past blocked website's on my phone?
What is my computer worth?
Why is my internet so slow?
How to remove people from Skype call when not the host?
Is there any free dubstep-making software?
How to turn off my webcam light?
my mouse pad on my laptop quit working. how do I restore/reset it?
Deleted outlook folder (pst)?
Could i have Comcast Business?
What will happen when I change my facebook username?
how do you take the case off an asus x551?
Free WordPress Themes Designer?
Free, message only, chat site ideas?
Is there a website that reads the size of my computer screen and gives me HD wallpapers?
Why does my CPU always have high usage?
Why do my videos(I upload) on youtube have such poor quality?
How do I not get hacked? (read details)?
Do you need a bank account for Paypal?
How can i report this guy on google+?
cant find music vid on youtube :c?
I while back i watched a video on youtube, tried finding it in my history, it want there. music vid. btw?
does any one know the advance tagging settings on fb page?
Is this gaming computer a good deal?
how do i re set my password?
If you post or ask a question on yahoo, will it share personal information?
Is my graphics card integrated or dedicated?
Is it worth getting the corsair vengeance 32gb?
Java Game Mouse Cursor Problem?
Why does my computer shut down?
Why does my computer shut down?
ugh my last question wouldn't work....?
ugh my last question wouldn't work....?
If one of ThatGuy's nipples is a laser,?
How to stop internet access in my friends laptop?
Visual Basic 2010 functions?
Phonto or Puffin? Apps that support flash?
I accidentally downloaded something and now I have tons of adds!!!?
Is it true that Twitter tells you everytime someone views your profile?
does anyone know where I can go and see the internet is kept?
Battery life on Dell Inspiron 910?
HELP ASAP!! FACEBOOK RELATED QUESTION?
YouTube channel name ideas?
How to Write a program which will cause a robot to move back and forth?
How do employeers and college admissions officers look at facebook profiles?
I have to commentate on a 1-2 min youtube clip HELP.?
Why won't my computer buffer videos properly?
I cannot remove Win32/Rovnix.gen!B, tried M.S. Defender offline and Malicious. says its off, but not.?
windows startup issues...?
I am trying to install Skype on Linux Fedora but there's an error. What should I do?
Why won't Windows Movie Maker work?
I'm looking for a mini-ITX case?
Looking to upgrade my video card?
Can I run a program from my flash drive?
Can't see facebook messages, anyone can help?
How can i email this movie file?
my mac10.5.8 will not play utube viedo?
i was hacked on fb? I have ip address?
Computer help. Computed turns on, nothing on monitors.?
Can a wired computer be adapted to use wireless?
youtube channel glitched . help!!!?
Can you put a new CPU in an old motherboard?
Can I have a Facebook business page without linking to my personal page?
My computer's network adapter is completely missing?!?
Chrome keeps crashing and I have ads everywhere. Help?
When i play a video on youtube on my computer, it freezes every 5 seconds. Why?
Getting BSOD After Installing New Graphics Card.?
How can I get work with staff.com when it thinks my salary needs are \unrealistic\?
What adapters can i use to connect from a scsi-2 50 pin to usb ?
How to get \Avatara\?
what adapters can i use to connect from a scsi-2 50 pin to usb ?
what adapters can i use to connect from a scsi-2 50 pin to usb ?
why do spammers or bots use spaces in words?
So If i mess up on an RMA, then what?
I want to write a multiplication table for numbers from 1 to 10 in c++ ?
How do trace someones IP Address on ask.fm?
How do I make a Google+ account without making a new YouTube address?
Computer won't eject disc!?
Are there any good c++ programing books for beginners??
Computer Help For a Noob!?
how do you search for someone on FB if you know their location and 1st name?
Brand new laptop corrupted hard drive?
PLEASE HELP ASAP MY LAPTOP WONT HELP ME LOG ON?
how do i change this?
Should my computer be this slow?
How to find out what unlabeled places are on google maps/earth?
Failed to Load Resource Javascript?
Videos won't import to computer?
is ram cleaner safe or is it virus infested?
How can i save a .gif file from a Url?
How can I select parts of an email and copy to clipboard.?
SD card recovery help?
What's up with Youtube Ads now?
where is the wikipedia rating?
Hey guys what is in this deep web?
Hey guys what is in this deep web?
SSD on Ps4 how do i erase all the data?
Can somebody help me speed up my visual boy advance?
How does icloud for pages work?
What was the name of the YouTube video where...?
Will these parts for my new PC fit together?
how to do the counting up method?
How to switch on the wireless assistant?
What is wrong with my wifi?
can you record a computer screen with an easy cap?
Windows XP and 8GB of RAM?
Favorite Youtuber(s)?
Good YouTube name for two girls?
How to get heaps of likes and followers on instagram??
Im 13 i want to become a computer programmer,I want to learn C++ for app development,are there any good books?
My snapchat wont let me add peole?
cant connect to the internet help!!!?
How do you make window's paint's frame bigger?
My computer randomly outputs like police radio like every 2 weeks? Nothing is open in task manager.?
Computer networking degree?
What do you think of my YouTube video?
What is it called when you have multi videos in separate boxes or sections but all in the same screen playing?
Anonymous online chatting sites?
How do I video chat on skype?
What am I doing wrong in this program?
why does my laptop do this?
Best cloud storage service?
Once a day on YouTube there a vid that has like over 1 million views?
Gaming PC build. Where to reduce costs?
would this help speed up windows 7 boot?
Recommendations for a budget-friendly laptop?
I upgraded the RAM on my daughter's laptop, will it say somewhere on computer what the NEW RAM is?
YouTube Channel name?
how to delete multible emails?
Headphones just stopped working, I don't know why?
Recommendations for a budget-friendly laptop?
What do you think about the specs of this laptop and its field of application?
What mid-range laptop should i buy?
can I use the same router and create a seperate network for only my bro to connect to?
YouTube username crisis?
Why does my VPN keep disconnecting while torrenting?
Any free, good quality \Text Editors\?
What happens if i report someone on facebook? PLEASE HELP?
what happens if i report someone on facebook?
How much can I pawn my gateway laptop for?
Hey Guys... Can any body help me about nested for loop program just show numbers and asteriks in given order?
IPhone 5S IOS 7 froze at Apple logo (power button broke)?
How much information on my computer activity does Yahoo share with business and government?
How do I build a customer drag and drop HTML website template editor?
Can i make computer sound come out of usb headset AND headphone jack?
how can I find an instagram user by their picture?
will a xbox360 ethernet cable work on a computer for internet access?
Is the Intel Core i7 4820K a good budget CPU?
Why don't videos work on my Laptop?
deleted from friend, then they either blocked or deactivated account?
how to uninstall tool bars on my browser?
I installed Ubuntu and I can't download anything?!?
Best way to recover deleted partition on hard drive?
Oops! I Deleted Computer Wallpaper?
HOW DO I GET RID OF WINDOWS 8 I HAVE HAD MY COMPUTRT FOR 2HRS AND I CANT F******u STAND IT ANYMORE?
Just saw something shocking on Facebook?
What is the best Video Downloader?
Why are there so few Windows updates for Windows 8.1?
How to test a PSU (without power button) with a tester?
Followers on Instagram without following and liking ect ?! PLEASE HELP?
Where are my UltraViolet movies stored? (WINDOWS 7)?
When you delete history on google and explorer is there any other way to find it?
Facebook help please???
Hiding posts on facebook...?
Are these okay jokes for my YouTube video?
Can i use this RAM with my i7 2600k?
My current cpu is:Pentium Dual-Core E5700 and gpu is:zotac geforce gtx 650 2gb,will buying g2030 increase fps?
unable to find windows 8.1 in windows store?
how can i use COLORINDEX stucture from a bmp image?
Who to give a Kindle Fire to.?
What is the highest amount of likes a Facebook page and witch one?
How do you make a paper evenly double-spaced between paragraphs on Microsoft Word 2010?
How do I sync my Twitter account to my blog?
MySql Help - Change Password?
Can you explain this to me?
Broke up, I defriended him on facebook, now his is deactivated?
Seriously mind boggled facebook question?
How do I repeat a sentence on Microsoft word?
What's the best plug/mini computer to run Linux server?
my samsung galaxy s3 won't charge.?
What can I put a mouse (computer) on so it's in a comfortable position?
Is this a good Computer 10 pts?
-poll- Do you have any suggestions for a realiable and descent laptop around 500 US Dollars?
Plz recommend a wireless router based on my needs?
Can my parents see my conversations on facebook with norton family?
Looking for Laptop, no idea specs I should look for in a pc?
How to remove bios password from my PC?
what size is my macbook?
how do I get union j to follow me on twitter?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Js0kjmEmchk how called this music ?
does it use data to put music on your htc from your computer?
Guys I need help as soon as possible about Microsoft Word?
Nexus 7 anything better/comparable?
Is 8GB of RAM enough for the following usage plus 2GB of virtual RAM?
What is the most \universal\ video codec I can use for my movie collection?
Can this laptop play games on steam on low?
What's the better graphics card and by how much?
Why does my phone finish charge when not on it?
Can someone help me fix this error in Java?
can i fit hp 2530p laptop screen fit to the hp 2540p laptop screen?
My youtube channel has suddenly been removed from the search?
Can you make an old computer wireless-capable?
Whats a really good gaming desktop under 700 or 800 Dollars.?
Does my computer have a problem.?
On Facebook, can people see content from pages you have liked on their feed?
Are these Gaming Computer specs okay?
Does yahoo have Javascript or do I need to download?
is AMD 290 good for BF4?
how to fill the screen with resolution 1600X900?
Does a system image include the operating system?
Is my laptoo still hacked?
Did you know there are only 1 0 types of people in the world?
I recently bought a kindle paperwhite with 3G and I have a question about the internet...?
Do you guys like youtube?
my computer does not charge when on but charges fine when off?
why is the old MySpace gone?
How much should I look yo be spending on a laptop like this?
Places to get cute laptop sleeves?
Amazon \Buy 1 Get 1 free\?
Amd or intel for my pc?
Is it cyber bullying if people on facebook post pictures making fun of you?
which is better for gaming hp probok or dell inspiron?
cant click an email link to send email?
Is this spec good for a Gaming PC build?
What is the best laptop/tablet for a student?
can a intel pentium G2020 processor run new games?
How will upgrading my video card improve playing video games.?
How do i play video on Youtube while surfing?
What is the html code to overline a word or characters?
verification codes for Facebook password . 2.8.9?
My internet is not connecting to my laptop?
Would this Graphics card work be the best option?
Best architecture, easy softwares?
I was trying to burn a disk with my LG BD Rom/DVD Rewriter but after a weird noise it wont work/read anything?
Website not showing in mobile version for all phones?
where is the volume control on kindle fire hdx?
Why does Facebook hide messages from others?
Is Skype only video chatting ?
What is fm_bug[1].gif?
if you delete one of your posts on Facebook, do all it's shares get deleted too?
Intel or Amd for my pc?
What can i do if track motion on vegas pro isn't working?
How to connect wifi to my tablet?
How to make a collage of audio clips from youtube? 10 points?
Acidentally flipped laptop screen and now it is lop sided?
Not really had phones like iphone before but thinking of buying 4s or s3 which one?
What should i respond?
Snapchat is ruining my relationship! Can you clarify?
Youtube views not updating?
i want to creat a wifi network when i start virtual router plus sharing turned off pleas help me to solve it?
Would it be possible to make a 3d scanned video?
anyone know of a good user guid to ubuntu?
How can i solve this problem on ubuntu dev/disk/by-uuid/63ceaf3e-7692-4d38-b896-7a39b010d745 does not exist ?
Is there a way to prevent a new tab OR a new window from opening every time I enter a?
How Do I Fix My Battery Issue?
Using Excel other than do a filter how could you find what numbers are called most frequently.?
I did not receive an email receipt from Facebook after reporting an impostor account. Is Facebook ignoring me?
how to separate spam comments from original comments?
Windows media player isn't working?
Can you name me some encryption methods that I can write in my essay?
my laptop keeps freezing ive tried everything?
Is there a way to access the wifi password through ethernet cable?
How do I get a video from Facebook to my computer?
I can not change my IP Address?
Headphones not working?
Does anyone know anything about color grading/correction on iMovie?
Is there a documented software to produce Bitcoins?
how I can set a specific ip to my internet browser (not proxy) ?
I want to make a click to call function on my webpage. How to do that?
facebook my account has been hacked, fb not offering any direct answers? just FAQ's?
How to upgrade my internet?
Computer froze while wiping drive ?
Worried geek squad messed up my computer--don't know what to do next?
ubuntu and tf2 problem?
Disc Drive not working? =[?
Internal WiFi and bluetooth?
Skyrim keeps crashing when it loads?
How can I get my PC to go faster?
If you subscribe to someone's channel on YouTube, can they see all your activities, including?
How much will the alienware steambox be (about)?
Motherboard USB issues?
excel macro to hide rows based upon all columns being zero or no value?
When saving green it only a black screen i can hear audio can't see video?
google is not giving me any results when i search?
my laptop freezeup what can i do tired of restart?
When jail breaking your iPhone do you lose all you messages & stuff?
How to get rid of a virus on your windows 8?
IOS 7 Jailbreak (Evasi0n) HELP!?
How do you remove Do searches?
Dell inspiron don't start no display no fan or Harddisk sound but the power key lights and the three keys?
My port is closed, no matter what I do.?
what should i name my website?
My YouTube is lagging wierdly!!!HELP!!!?
how to remove my pic from google?
PC boot problems after tweaking in BIOS?
Need help with my Dell Laptop PLEASE?
Why won't my emails go out to people with gmail ?
How do I access my site I pay for?
will an i7 860 @ cpu, bottleneck An GTX 780ti?
Enabeling Bluetooth on my Sony Vaio?
Is the Gtx 560ti compatible whit my Gigabyte G31M-S2C motherboard?
Is this good gaming pc?
why is my Yahoo Question not researchable on Google?
Transferring Data from Old Hard Drive into New?
Free Pascal compiler for mac?
How do i link HTML thumbnail photos to other HTML pages?
How can i redownload HD webcam on my Windows 8 laptop?
Do you know everyone on your Facebook or other social networking sites?
First PC Build, More Help Please!?
how do i delete my advert on Facebook?
my videos on you tube wont load ?
Why would anyone buy apple's macbooks?
Will my overclocked CPU survive?
why can't my computer play flac songs anymore?
Question about working in the video gaming industry as a level designer, can anyone help me please?
how do I find out my IP address?
Windows Task Manager-Do I need these programs?
how do i encode notepad?
my computer's screen doesnt want yo turn on?
Windows XP professional not starting up.?
I need help - How do I make my photos FullScreen in Movie Maker?
High Performance Computer Question.?
Does LG 27EA63V-P have sound?
how to encode notepad?
HTML picture links are not working and i need some help!!!?
Network setup question?
how to have a lower ping reply ?
What (minimum/cheapest) video card do i need PciE to play youtube 1080 and use win 8.1 with a Intel E5400 cpu?
is my computer good for gameing?
the letters on my screen are partially faded out?
Why cant i own microsoft office university?
Can i run Dayz Standalone on max settings?
can i upgrade my laptop ?
How do i make my task bar go back to the bottom of my screen???
Why won't they accept me on FB?
Why smooth fps on Farcry 3?
Is 760 tf 2gd5/oc 2gb a good graphic card?
Did youtube get rid of the inbox?
Which is a better graphics card, dedicated memory, shared memory, dual graphics?
How to underclock a CPU? (Detail explained)?
Youtube Videos Freeze every ten seconds or so?
What GPU should i used to pair it up with my AMD A8 660k apu?
why can't I change my twitter user?
Laptop overheating while playing games?
Can my laptop run Watch Dogs ?
How can I download this song?
How do you Twerk the right way?
Is it possible to make a java application your mac screen saver?
How do I get all the formulas to print out on excel spreadsheets . . .?
Older dell laptop need to connect it to the internet for school. Help!?
how do you calculate hours in excel spreadhseet?
Is 2gb AMD mobility radeon hd 7670m enough to play watchdogs or crysis 3?
can my laptop be saved?
How to fix 6snap for windows phone? It won't work :(?
how do i install a game that i bought on a different computer?
I am really , really starting to hate my laptop PLEASE HELP?
I can't download a survey please help !?
30-39% RAM usage while idle?
How can I make a non repeating bingo random number generator on Visual Basic?
10 POINTS FOR THE BEST & HONEST ANSWER!!!!!?
i am on my companys internal network,can i create a vpn connect while connected to the network?
CAN NOT CONETCT TO MY INTERNET EXOLORER?
Switching computer case help needed.?
I did a google image search of silly nudist?
Security issues? A message, with a link says there is a problem?
Will my PSU support the GTX 780ti?
Help please! First answer that is good will get points?
I need Tumblr Theme help?
What is my security answer?
Caps, A, S and D Don't work on my keyboard?
What is the Top Rate Free Slide Show Maker?
Can i connect nokia 201 to laptop for using internet in pc ?
How to make everyone on my network use a username and password?
i REALLY need some java (.jar) help?
How can i make my computer fast again?
How can I contact someone who doesn't follow me on Twitter?
My computer keeps freezing its been 3 hours?
Is Microsoft Security essentials good?
My PC starts up in VGA but when I put it to HDMI the screen goes black?
is the actual internal memory of galaxy grand quattro 5.sumthing gb?
my laptop wont let me log on?
rich text formatting not working?
Hayday Game on phone?
I bought a printer that doesn't support windows 7. Is there a way to remedy that and make it work