I don't know if i'm taking this class for no reason!! HELP ME PLEASE!!?
Am I using correct punctuation in this sentence?
how should i study for geography if its mostly about Canada's population and how its changing?
Essay on Shakesper PLEASE HELP I REALLY NEED HELP?
Help with solving expressions?
When can we leave out \do\ as an auxiliary verb?
Why did Jack Dawson have to die in titanic?!:(?
Graduation theme? Thank you!?
Should students be forced to do volunteer work?
A recursive sequence start with the value 2 and the nth term is equal to the (n-1)th term + n.?
Is this sentence correct?
Should I take the SAT or ACT?
Suggest a name for seminar on how to be an entrepreneur?
French or Spanish as a 2nd Language?
What do you want to do that you never did before?
What does phrase \if you are into that sort of thing\ mean?
Can you help me with English please?
How useless is a Bachelor's degree in English Literature?
After BBA what jobs i can do ?
what do English people call the noise a phone makes?
MBA in IIM is diploma not degree is it true?
Hello i am a BBA student ,when to start prep for CAT?
math question help:)?
Math help plzz i need it to break the code?
Can I still transfer to UCR from a CA community college?
Being older in college?
What is the date may 24 , 2008 in Roman numeral ?
Do you have to be intelligent to be a teacher?
is a master's degree worth it?
Algebraic expressions- order of operations. Check my work?
I need help with this trig problem?
What should I do for my schools ACT/4 year plan?
What does this quote mean?
On a scale of 1-10, how hard is highschool? 1 being the easiest and 10 being the hardest.?
How to graph this system of inequalities and label the vertices?
can anyone help me writ a intro and first body of an essay?
i am looking into york university, i cannot figure out what the requirments are for the business program.?
What was the original English version of the Bible called?
If I leave a 4 year university, then go to a community college, can I transfer out to a different university?
Need a debatable topic for church school?
Do you take algebra in college?
A kid in my class cussed to my teacher and the teacher just laughed?
Do high school teachers just stop caring after awhile?
Why do people like night clubs so much?
Should I pull an all nighter or wing it?
Can you help me with my sorry please?
Would I be considered as a transfer student?
What college degree is the one for me?
Is this an appropriate use for a semicolon?
Physics help for midterm?
Geography Question plz help!!?
Is a Marketing Degree better than a Communications Degree?
What is a two syllable or two-word answer that rhymes with the following?
Algebre 2 Math Help! Solve the equation.?
Help with Algebra !! Read!?
Proper adjectives help?
When writing on an envelope to send out does handwriting matter or not?
Did human behavioral studies suggest people who use alot if swear words tend to be more honest abd trustworthy?
How to become a primary school teacher in Mexico?
Is this a good paragraph for a school English assignment?
Is It Me Or The Teacher At Fault?
How do you do find a perpendicular equation if the slope is already negative?
I do not know what this word?
How to put an ellipse in general form?
Who could I interview about how the PlayStation one affected the game world in the 90's?
how much do pharmacists get paid in the usa?
What is a good transition for this paragraph?
Which of the following is used as a clue word for advantages and disadvantages?
Financial aid refund?
i need help with ideas for a paper?
Question about Power Point?
Help with USF Admission status?
Please Solve Algebraically?
Is this sentence awkward?
Why is it necessary for someone who is highly intelligent to go to college?
What is a good science project for a 3rd grader?
Can you be successful in life without college?
What are some similarities between shelter-wood, selective-cutting and clear-cutting logging?
why do the 8th graders do STUFF to me?
Evaluate the itegral ?3(sec(x))2tan(x) dx answer in simplest form?
Will I regret my High School years?
i am planning on volunteering and one of the questions on the application forms says?
What does the Literary Canon mean?
how to talk yout teacher out of giving you a 0 on a final?
AP Government Question(s) Best Answer Rewarded?
Math homework help!? Please answer, I will give (10 POINTS!!)?
quadratic formula problem help?
Define the word define.?
Math homework help!? Please answer, I will give (10 POINTS!!!!!!)?
Do you believe the Asian academic culture is wrong?
english help please.......................................?
athletic scholarship?
Can you help me with English please?
I need some math homework help...?
I just want to hear crazy words from you guys, tell me some made up ones.?
what was the purpose of the gemini project?
How do student loans work in the UK?
What connotations does the word \lord\ have?
Physics Questions Please help!?
How to do this derivative?
how do you turn percents inot fractions ? Manily a decimal as in , 62 . 3 % or the like?
But these students are anything but typical. What does this sentence mean?
I need to learn how to annotate?
does this sentance make sence to you?
GCSE: Business Studies or Economics?
4pic 1 word need help I'm stuck on level 803?
4pic 1 word need help I'm stuck on level 803?
i have straight f's and 2nd semester is starting?
HELP!!! My teacher is going to tell my mom I skipped class?
How study one month before boards ?
Anatomy Questions - Please Help!?
if i did HOSPITALITY MANAGEMENT WITH MBA what is mydesignation and work?
Your cream always rises to the top?
I am at a 11th grade reading level, what books would you recommend for me?
A broken heart has brought you much wisdom?
Can I still live on campus although I'm married ?
What is a favorited phrase you have coined?
What do you think of this quote?
is 109 a good score for TOEFL?
Why is spelling so much harder than reading?
what does \because with acocmplishment\ mean?
what does the intro from from Marry the night mean?
Can anyone help me with a love essay?
Grammar Check Please! Thank you so much!?
Hello, any idea about where to get a pharmaceutical industry industrial placement in the UK? Thank you?
HW HELP! Factorising quadratics?
outline the type of work a primary school teacher would be doing ? 3 statements?
is this sentence grammatically right?
In a college admissions essay, is it better to end your conclusion with something like....?
Waiting 4 your valuable suggestions ! I am a final year aeronautical engineering student.?
Can anyone make this quote sound better?
What does \the loss of potential gain from other alternatives when one alternative is chosen mean\?
For those who graduated from a very large high school in the USA (800+ students in your graduating class)...?
Ten points! What is it meant by 'pitch' here in this context?
What does 'puppies on ice' have to do with frozen semen?
How can I study better?
Please, in the text below, what are the meaning of 'robust form' and 'in the tenuity'?
What do 'financial risk' and 'reward' mean in the sentence?
Difference between 'time' and 'times'?
Ten points! What is it meant by 'furnished' here in this context?
how many of the following words do you know?
Trigonometric Verifying Equation (help needed)?
How badly does a call-out effect you?
What does 'beatmalls' mean?
French class at American Public University System?
Whose work is Hujjatullahil Balighah?
Is hotel management good choice?
Which is best for me.?
what does it mean by 'good folder'?
What do these things have in common?
What do these things have in common?
Is this sentence correct? Please confirm. Thanks?
How do i avoid offensive teacher?
Impressive words to use in a uni essay ?
How 'Mathematical' is A Level Physics?
What’s meant by “a power tripper”?
Should I take any high school AP classes?
Dice probability help?
What courses should I major in if I don't know what to do ?
My teacher wants to speak to me about my attendance?
COMPOSITION OF FUNTIONS -- PLEASE HELP ME :(?
would someone check my grammar if there is any correction?
please help to explain the sentence,thanks?
How to have equivalent academic credentials as a person in Ivy league universities or at least be known and?
Ten points! What is it meant by 'capable' here in this context?
Who is the founder of Darul Uloom Deoband and Mazahir Uloom, Saharanpur?
Naming your CV to make it stand out?
What is the meaning of ???? ??????? ???????.?
What is the meaning of System.out.println?
Can anyone give me a list of Caribbean Medical Schools that offer pre-med and med programs together?
What should I do about this, my exam is tomorrow?
Harry potter and philospher stone question?
What grabs a 17 year olds attention ?
\why can't I...\ vs. \why can I not...\: are these both grammatically correct?
Need Help with a Couple of Accounting review Questions?
What is continuous writing? homework please help! urgent!?
Is a fortnight 2 weeks?
Exam fear... help !!!!!!!?
Are there any nursery or creche workers on here from the caerphilly county borough?
Solve this mathematical question. I have been struggling through it since morning?
illustrate the structure and function of two major body systems and how they interrelate?
What is minecraft???? i dont anything about this...help me plzzzz?
identify and explain the role players of community structures?
Can you transfer from A two year college to another in a different state?
Which sentence is correct?
Do you think School sucks?
Are my ACT practice scores considered high? Are the ACT practice tests similar to the real thing?
How do my highschool stats look for college?
Do these sentences sound natural and correct to native speakers?
What is the meaning of the below Kannada sentense ?
Could native English speakers fill in the following questionnaire?
How do you pronounce cumin?
English is so hard to master?
How to write a dream sequence?
Can some body verify these college?
Is Cambridge a very good MBA school?
Solving problems involving quadratics?
how to score high marks in exams without studying much?
Review my high school resume?
Is this a marketing technique for a business??
Please someone help me with my Anatomy homework!! Please?
Solve the triangle using the law of sin, and find the area?
Which is Better - MBA or PMP?
solving systems of equations word problems!! please help?
How to find the period, phase shift , and amplitude?
Do all high schools teach people about smoking and drugs and stuff like that?
Need help with math problem?
how do you Communicate with others?
Explain this quote? Disney quote.?
How to solve x^2-6x+9=4?
The Legend of Korra: Avatar Wan is...?
What about the second person point of view and the third person?
what does this sentence mean?
What is the point of view ?
What can i write about for my personal statement?
What do these things have in common?
Homeschool diploma legal?
Did I solve this differential equation correctly?
What to choose?? Actually im filling a form in which i have to select CBSE, ICSE, State board or other options?
If A(0,0), B(3,5), C(r,s), and D(7,0) are the vertices of a parallelogram, mathematically determine r and s.?
Gap Year Student Loan Question ????
Use the graph question?
What's meant by \carry extra weight\?
Does Morse alphabet is being used ?
systems of equations word problems!! please help??!!!?
Will there be school tommorow?
whats a scientific way to say...?
High school people are so.....?
Algebra. 10 pts the best answer?
A.A vs A.S in Natural Science?
Need answer In 1 minute- ' Hoards ' is an example of a?
Can I get into Pepperdine university?
Is going to community college part time and working full time a good idea?
Born in spain but with dutch parents?
Question on English grammar and stuff?
Could I Get Into An Ivy league School?
Could I Get Into an Ivy League School?
Could I Get Into an Ivy League School?
How do I tell my parents I want to go to an Online school?
how many ap classes do most people take?
Why do I let bullies bully me?
Need help with a math question?
Are my grades good enough to get into a prestigious school?
Is skipping the first day of class bad?
reword this sentence please?
Great schism was... And caused by?
Do student loans cover all books and tuition?
Why do symbols/words sometimes change into a bunch of random mumbo jumbo when someone answers your question?
If my father ruined my credit does this mean I can't go to college?
What is meaning of 'There's More To It'?
How many litres of alcohol are contained in 465 litres of a gasohol mixture that is 5.3% alcohol by volume?
How do you correctly correct someone's spelling?
find differential equation?
My school gives to much homework?
Pre-AP class before AP class?
what does enormity mean?
can you fix up my writing?
Is it harder or easier for transfer students to get accepted into a university?
is there difference between \all the boys\ and \all of the boys\?
I need help on math homework?
University of Cincinnati?
Is there a way i can go to college without taking the college board test ?
Math questions help please?
When to use everyone and everybody in a sentence?
I need help in my educational level?
How do i know if i took the college board test ?
Can I use the word thereafter in an essay?
Where can I buy a studentmössa in the United States?
What does \Hours: 32F/11P-7A/EOW/EOH\ mean?
Math homework help?!?
Cheating on Spanish exam (8th grade)?
Did Lawrence Ferlinghetti say that the automobile was a fad and if so when?
Listening comprehension problems. Will you help?
How could you re word this?
Geometry Question- Freshman, Please help!?
Can you help me with these questions ?
Is it possible to have a passion for a sport that you never participated in?
Am I screwed for the semester?
what makes bridges strong?
Primary sources for the Battle of Stalingrad?
please help me with my English.?
Would this question be grammatically correct?
Can I still get into a good college without taking a foreign language in high school?
Should I take college morning or evening classes?
I need help with my thesis statement?
What part of speech is \Make me your Aphrodite\?
Are these sentences correct? ?
I have to find an event in the book, Night, by Elie Wiesel, that I can relate to. Any suggestions?
Did Mrs. Dalloway, 1997 film, recieve any awards?
I cheated on a science test and now I feel guilty?
what does it mean by this quote?
what math classes in high school would be considered college level math?
Best place to go for study abroad?
Help! Question about china for homework!!?
How to graph the quadratic function? 10 points?
help with this physics problem?
Please need help with 2 logic problems:?
Girls gym class (beep test)?
How do you find a function given its local min. and max.?
would someone check my grammar?
I don't want to graduate high school?
What's Penn State Fayette?
Best locations in France to study abroad?
Trigonometry math class?
Help with math questions?
Can someone help me? (language arts)?
\i was robbed\ and \i have been robbed\ differences?
How long does it take for Global Forever Stamps on letter to arrive?
Confusing trig function problem?
What are some similarities between the European explorers and the Native Americans?
find degrees in right angle triangle?
Is this a good science project for Junior High?
what is the definition of wide shot?
How many Females had surgery to \become\ Barbie?
Can someone help me with math please?
Help! College tuition is listed per semester or academic year (spring and fall semesters)?
what is goood moral value?
Classify the life of a typical star from birth to death?
Could native English speakers fill in the following questionnaire?
Do you \make do\ or \make due?\?
What does this quote mean?
please help differentiate this with steps?
School Project Ideas?
The points scored by a baseball player have an approximately normal distribution with a mean of 16. What..?
How much is a meal plan at ucf?
paying for school online but i only have a debit card?
Do I need to take placement test for a community college?
Can you just quit school and homeschool just like that or do you have to have a certain thing?
How to determine semester hours?
Solve 3/4(d-8)=2/3(d+1)?
Will a B+ affect my future?
Good excuses as to why I didn't finish my homework?
another way to reword this sentence?
Urgent - maths help please!?
Is there a single word that describes story-writing, like the idea of writing your own life story?
how to be a smart business man?
my college application/ just curious?
What coulf i be when im older?
Find the height of a right square pyramid ?
In the state of Ohio, are there any additional requirements IEP students must fulfill in order to graduate?
Should Smoking Be Banned? Persuasive Essay Help I will give points to first good answer!?
What is wrong with this sentence?
another way to reword this sentence?
Are Regular Bees more dangerous than Killer Bees, Another Question as well!?
What does the 7th Cent. A.D. mean?
A levels or CADET Scheme for a nursing career?
Another Word Problem Linear System Help?
Look at these sentence: He has his passport in his hand. If want to change the above sentence into a questio?
what does 'charge of energy' mean?
Help with writing an essay? I don't fully understand what I should talk about..?
History, Hitler question?
Solve the following equation for x?
Please help! I need some advice about my GCSE's?
Different ways to spell the name Calin?
$43.68532 rounded to the nearest dollar is?
Is this grammatically correct: \Everybody shall sat down\!?
Will william and mary accept me?
Is getting a 2:2 for University...really bad? Like won't u go far in life?
I don't even know anymore?
What is a good name for a fictional steroid?
What type of three-dimensional drawing is depicted?
What GCSE's should I take to be a Lawyer?
What does as mean here?
What animal represents England?
english help please............... ....?
Where can I find primary sources on imperialism in India?
Is there a word for the literary device whereby a character's name reflects their personality?
How do you MLA cite an online journal article?
What choices for GCSE should I make to become a Lawyer?
What did Patrick Jane mean by 'tessled loafers?'?
In flvs(florida virtual school), can I submit a blank assignment to take a zero?
A curve has the equation x^3y^2 + x^3 -y^3 +9y = 0 . Find the coordinates of the three points at which dy/dx=0?
What is the world hardest word?
How can I improve this introduction?
Colleges better than IU but worse than Ivy League?
PLEASE HELP ME WITH MY MATH! I CANT FIGURE THIS STUFF OUT TO SAVE MY LIFE!????
what is a word for cave dwellers?
What does the \c\ mean in (c. 124-40BC)?
Is this sentence correct?how can I fix it?(10 points)?
what does the fox say?
limiting reactant chemistry homework please help?
how important is foreign language class to colleges?
Is putting a comma before \and\ optional?
Add the same suffix to these three words. hope,pain,wish?
How to get good grades?
what are some online courses I can take?
do you think my gym teacher was flirting with me?:/?
meaning of ''who even are you?''?
should i go back to public school or stay home schooled?
is it ok for a teacher to call me this?
Where can i find scholarships?
i need to get my ged can i do it online?
do you think I am I dyslexic?
What does darko and dorky mean?
what are the subjects in uk? Birmingham? I'm 15?
How to fin inflation for next year. Finance help. 10 points.?
List all the ways we use rivers for enjoyment and leisure?
does education play a major part in unemployment?
Should I begin my college essay as a sophmore in high school?
GCSE Probability Questions? HELP!?
SO STRESSED! HELP TEN POINTS?
If A U B = empty set, what is the relationship between sets A and B?
Math Help!!! Find the discriminant of 3X^2+2=-62?
can someone send me some resources to help me with romeo and juliet please?
Does college prowler have accurate nightlife rankings?
Can a Nurse please answer these questions for me?
ESL: \If he comes in now would you help him?\ or \If he come in now would you help him?\?
Should I give college one more shot?
I have a serious crush on my teacher??? Help!?
The great gasby character help!! Semester exam tomorrow!!?
What should I do if college is already burning me out?
can someone please help me figure this math problem out?
Elect on something...?
Help rewording \I do not appreciate your humor in this\?
Worried/scared about going back to school?
Homework help please?
would someone check my grammar if correct?
How can i thank a teacher through words?
Writing an article on cyber bullying?
I am a resident of which state? Applying as a transfer student to a state I previously lived in (residency)?
I’m always on four. ---What does it mean?
Should I attend college to become a dental hygienest?
English help please!?
I missed around 35-40 days of school! Please help!?
Hook me up? Your package?
Math homework helpppp please :)?
Don't know how to sum it up in a question?
what does \ i am chilling \ mean?
Does it mean something?
Is the ACT Hard? will it help me figure out what colleges for me?
Trigonometry Identity Help: cos^2 3x - cos^2 x= - sin2xsin4x?
Should I drop Math Analysis class?
Help with Algebra II please?
Who knows that how can you get in top colleges in US like harvard, yale, or stanford?
How to concentrate or get focused on studies ?
why is science needful for us?
would someone check my grammar?
How to make my vocabulary stronger?
English homework! Due tomorrow!! HELP!!?
Can I schedule a tour around NYU?
Do collages look at your grades for 9th grade?
region bounded by y=x^2-4 ,x=2 ,x=-2 and x-axis . find the area?
Can you help me to understand this text please?
Pls help to make the correct sentence?
Pls help to make the correct sentence.?
My son who is in kindergarten was taken to the library by his School.?
Which sentence is grammatically correct(English)?
What do u need to be a nursery teacher?
I have a few questions of my physics home work. I am in grade 7 please help me.?
whats the right word to calla work plan a rota or a roster or are they the same?
Taking AP Physics in high school for engineering?
i go to a all boys school 10 points for hectic answer?
In chennai is it better to choose home tuition or aakash for std 11th and 12th?
What does \call in a prescription to the pharmacy\ mean?
I just felt a drop, I think it is raining or I just felt a drop, I think it is going to rain?
What do you think of my post about being sad?
Is it bad that I'll be placed in beginning Algebra in college?
how do i find my student ID number?
what does full time tuition fee per year mean for graduate program in USA? does it take 1 year to complete MS?
I'm totally confuse please i need someone to articulate on this sentence?
How much is it for a UK student to study medicine in Canada?
can someone explain me the meaning of decadence in easy to understand? xD?
Please what is the real meaning of scenario?
Which sentence is grammatically correct? (English)?
I get distracted when trying to revise for anymore than 5 mins HELP?
Question to Inequality?
Can someone please refer me a good site where I can seek environmental injustice examples?
Pls help.. I don't want to go to class (tuitions) tday..!?
I want to improve my communication skills.. how?
Aviation management after B.Tech in aeronautical engineering ?
I want to study abroad and i have 2 options. Should i pick Germany or America/Canada?
Statistical question! Help!?
Do you have to pay for homeschooling?
Accounting Questions?
Could native English speakers fill in the following questionnaire?
Hello everyone! I am a final year aeronautical engineering student. I Need great suggestions regarding career.?
Kindergarten Teachers!! ideas for introducing numbers 21 to 30 plsss.. for kindergarten.?
Should I say something to this teacher?
How can I fix this sentence(10 points)?
need help with class 12th biology.?
What is the full form of SEX?
College Professor Gave Me Passing Grade By Mistake?
What uni course would be best?
How do you pronounce the word 'subtle'?
Is The SAT Hard? please answer I need help!?!?
I need some help with Algebra please! ASAP?
Overall 6.0 in IELTS?
What does \Let us not behave as if we were strangers in our own land-Jose Rizal\ means?
How to score better in SAT?
Pleae help with accounting problem?
I need help explaining a quote by Plato?
Of Mice and Men homework help?
What are some big, cool words?
Help with student loans?
is it better to go to a community college or a 4 year university?
Anyone that has done an internship - how was your experience?
Two lines cut by a transversal????? 10 POINTS?
I NEED HELP STUDYING!!?
Human Interest Story?
How can i improve my score on the SAT?
how do you choose what to major in college?
How many numbers in pi can you remember?
What does \a lush woman\ means physically speaking?
What can i possible get the topic of my group discussion tomorrow?
How to have the patience to study for a long time?
I have the flu and might miss first day of college?
is it \i accept your apology\ or \i accept your apologize\?
Can a hockey stick and a lacrosse stick be used as weapons?
Is the word dime short for dime a dozen? If so does if mean youre a 10 on 100 if someone calls you that?
Which degree(s) would be better to have, in your opinion?
How can I move to canada for senior year of high school?
Why was the constitution important in the time period in which it was created?
Transferring college because it's too easy?
Public speaking tips?
Is homeschooling right for me?
What are the Preparations ??????
Is getting in trouble with your teacher for doing something the teacher did bad?
What's meant by \keep up to date\?
I need help with possessive forms...?
How can I make my grammer perfect, without a teacher ?
x+y=0 write the equation in slope intercept form?
I need help writing this as formally and professionally as possible.?
How likely am I to be rejected to all of the UC schools that I applied to?
high school student in Florida. thinking about Online school. help?
social work or teaching? 10 points!!?
Is this a good essay? has to relate to a chosen quote.?
How can u explain density in one small paragraph? PLEASE HELP?
How many hours a day is med school?
I need help I am terribly lost on this problem below?
Why am i treated differently?
whats the meaning of??
Is this a good research question?
Simplifying rational expressions help?
What are descriptive words that start with the letter Y that could describe a family?
What song should i use on my power point about the state of Indiana? ASAP?
How to solve tanx=?1-x^2?
What is a simple predicate?
What is a simple predicate?
Listening comprehension problems. Will you help?
How to teach a class the 13 colonies, in the order in which they ratified the Constitution?
find differential equation?
How do you find the PERFECT college?
Find two points that have distance 3 from the origin and distance 2 from (2,0)?
Need help with English homework.?
Ten points! What is it meant by 'qualified' here in this context?
MATH HW Help! How many pieces of material, each 50 cm long, can be cut from a bolt of fabric that is 2 m long?
What AP classes should I take ?
How to study and be ready for midterms?
Any advice concerning autodidactism?
How can I bring my grades up?
How can I bring my grades up?
What were the three important cities of Edo Japan and what functions did they have?
How to correct this sentence?
determine the amplitude and period for the function. Sketch the graph of the function over one period. Y=cos^2?
Instead of saying \conquer yourself\ how can that be said in a more positive way?
How to solve this equation using logs?
Should I do electrical or petroleum engineering?
is online school better for people who don't learn the same?
A woman is a widow, a man is a ...?
Suppose $400 is deposited in an account on the first day of the year 2000. This same amount is deposited each?
University of Ottawa Re-registering in a course question.?
PLEASE HELP!!! I need algebra help?
Is the word \alien\ used for saying \foreigner\ or \weird\?
link words quiz can anyone help me please?
Are community service hours really important to Universities?
how many licks dose it take to get to the center of a tootsie pop?
Can teens with special education still get into a good university?
what is the most common isotope of Selenium (Se)? Se-34, Se-45, Se-78, or Se-79?
High school physics question. Please help!?
Which should I go for, Pharmacist, Teacher, Therapist or Speech Pathologist. (Im a SR. In High School)?
What do people do during med school?
Help with alegebra questions?
Desribe a person you know?
Please help with my homework .. HELP !! Please and thanks !!!(:?
CAN I GET OUT OF THIS?!?!?! PLEASE PLEASE ANSWER!?
Biological Science Degree to BSN?
Why do people use the word hence?
How to turn a story into an activity (ESL)?
did I do this trig question correctly?
Is it illegal for my mom to keep my financial aid from me? And what can I do about it?
Argumentative essay/speech topic?
Is this a simple random sample?
Is there a word that means: You as a person?
I don't want to go to college.?
I need help editing this paragraph (grammar punctuation spelling)?
What are the educational and skill requirements to be a Veterinary Pharmacist?
help me with a name for my story?
I owe $20k in school loans. Don't have associates degree?
specific steps to becoming a plastic surgeon?
How to get good handwriting?
What Are Some Good Words For The Word Sad Or Mad?
What is the height of big show?
What is the full form of hspa?
What do I need to get in order to pass the semester?
Have a crush on a teacher?
What does it mean when a guy ask you if you drink ?
Can you have 2 major careers?
Are these considered/counted as girlfights?
Who does Stanford interview?
Why is Christmas greeted as \Merry Christmas\ instead of \Happy Christmas\?
what does conditionally accepted into an apartmemt mean?
ASAP SSAT HELP PLEASE?
***10 PTS!*** Topic Sentence for Personal Narrative?
What is the slant length of this pyramid?
Fill-in-the-blanks of the following two-column proof?
Grammar help please? 10 pts to best answer!?
Confused about going to college(s) for a Family Nurse Practitioner?
Help needed urgently!! Algebra 1 question?
How do I do the MLA Works Cited page?
why do only some schools close on martin luther king junior day?
Would you apply as a transfer student if you already graduated at another school with a degree?
Can you go all the way through college just once, but get more than one degree?
how soon can my son start homeschooling? please read info?
What am I gonna do now?
Does this sound like a good middle school love letter?
would someone check my grammar?
College and transcripts?
how do i turn in my subject selection sheet if im going to a new high school?
Examples for a Proposal Memo?
Is the following sentence correct grammatically? \How is to work as a freelancer??\?
Find the radius of a circle that has circumference 20 more than its diameter.?
What is \financial need\?
I need help with my pre-calc homework...?
How to say \it is no longer relevant.\?
Help with science need to explain to my sister?
do you have to attend school to become a pharmacy tech? (in las vegas)?
Thoughts on University Majors?
GED/ ACT/ SAT help please!?
Set up system of equations that would model/represent the following situation and solve.?
What's a good and efficient way to study for high school finals?
How do I politely remind my professor about a reference letter that she said she would write?
What does any mean in this sentence?
Would I be considered a transfer student or a new student?
How do I solve this math problem Please help!!!!?
What grades are needed to attend Cambridge for a medicine course, in terms of GCSE?
events in the last 100 years where ignorance is the result of conflict?
I really really hate writing essays!?!?!?
I really really hate writing essays!?!?!?
Is a GED/Highschool Diploma really necessary for success?
Which one is easier? Chemistry, biology, or psychology major?
Will I receive financial aid if I drop a class?
US naval academy questions?
please only grammar experts help me.?
what is 24.583 rounded to the nearest tenth?
How cold does it have to be for school to be canceled?
What does demographic information mean?
Find the zeroes of the following polynomial?
whats CCCP stand for?
science project ideas please!!?
Please help me with my math h.w!!!!?
Are there any jobs that pay good without a college degree?
Where to study italian in Italy?
Ard these grades good for year 10?
Looking for the vocabulary words that means \The words a person uses in his/her speech\?
Can some one give me an example of objective?
What a 'stereo pimped out' is?
Getting along with roomates?
Anyone have tips for midterms? I have 6 this week?
Steichometric equation,please help?
Should I continue Civil Engineering or become a fireman or airplane mechanic?
How do I find the new amount?
how do i solve ln (1/radical(e^7))=x?
Need help with this math h.w!!!!!!?
calculate the surface area of a cone?
What was I gonna say?
Did I write this sentence right?
Whacking it means what?
Clever title for science fair boards?
The umbrella's have arrived at the factory?
What Dose this line mean?
You have added words to your picture what do they say?
How do you get your GED in Florida?
What are my chances for getting into the US naval academy.?
what symbols mean love, beautify, joy & intelligence?
How do i know what i want to be in life?
Probably easy Maths question! Help please?
Is there such things as a pretest for the 2014 GED?
best way to plan to pay down or off your student loans before you get in debt for college?
Is there an online middle school I can join anytime? How do I ask my mom and convince her to let me go?
If 3a - b + 12 = 0 and 4a -3 = 2b, what is the value of b?
What Impacts did the refugee migration have on both the source country and the host country?
english help please.......................?
UCBerkeley Requirments?
Grade 9 Academic Math?
I need elp with ratios?
Funny Milk Slogans/Puns?
Please help me with one of my homework?
How to Change standard form to y=mx+b form?
I got moved up a class/set in school?
Is it true that graduate schools only look at your last two years?
What grade do you need to make the deans list?
Can I sue my school's Spanish honors society club?
Can i go to a University in London and come back to the U.S for med school?
Science research paper ideas?
When a single work that someone makes becomes more popular than all their other works, it's called what?
What is you favorite Quote OR poem :)?
Solving Inequalities Algebraically Help?
How to write a complete combustion equation?
In private high school, do you have to take religion?
Is this punctuated correctly? Any suggestions for improvement?
Is this punctuated correctly? Any suggestions for improvement?
Can I go to college with a 3.2 gpa as a junior?
what is with the flame at top?
I can't get good grades in exams?
I got Deffered by Ohio State University my #1?
Romeo and Juliet - why does juliet want to hold hands instead of kiss?
How to convince my dad into letting me attend Connections Academy?
Can I become a Physician Assistant with a Bachelors in Biology?
Is a primary school teacher a good career?
Will state college be better than community college?
2. From the given names, write the formulas for the following compounds.?
Which of the following is named incorrectly? What should its name be?
What do you think of this quote by Stephen King?
How to find the height of a cylinder?
I neeed some grammar help please?
What can you major in, if you have an associate arts degree that's useful?
Need Homework Help! I am having trouble with math?
If a person volunteers at a food bank or an animal shelter will they receive forgiveness on their student Loan?
Help with natural log question. Estimate the value of x.?
What kind of accreditation should a pharmacy tech program have in FL?
How can I fix this sentence(10 points)?
How should I study for SAT in 2 months or should I take it sometime else?
Is it correct to say this?
URGENT SCIENCE FAIR PROJECT HELP?!?!?!?
How does Juliet feel when she says these quote? and explain the quotes further?
l'm in my 2nd year of college and this semester I failed all of my exams because of my bad IBS.?
In which sentence does the underlined objective complement function as a noun?
In which sentence is the underlined infinitive or infinitive phrase functioning as a direct object?
How many hours of do you practice per day on the piano and what is your level?
How good is my IQ? IQ-127 Age-14?
Age of US college students? (International student looking to go on exchange)?
Is this a good English essay paragraph for GCSE prep?
(a) What is the midpoint of segment ST? (b) What is the length of segment ST?
What does \hand-tooled\ mean?
Can you apply for a pell grant before you are accepted to college?
\would have been nothing to keep\ and \would be nothing to have kept\?
I am going to college soon, I want to go for a Pharmacist, Speech pathologist, Physical Therapist or Teacher.?
Please help with simplifying equations?
The width of a rectangle is 15 cm. less than 3 times the length. If the area is 42 square cm find the dimensio?
Is February/March too late to apply for college? (for fall semester)?
Hi i got a marks of 30% 40% and 12%. i want to know how many i got for 100% out of the three marks.?
Can I say \Ihre Eltern war sehr musikalisch\?
Can someone assist me in structuring this quote to be grammatically correct?
Could I Get Into an Ivy League School?
Could I Get Into an Ivy League School?
How do you solve this?
what is the difference between 'mercy' and 'sacrificing' according to Christianity?
How many subjects should you revise a night?
In a ppt presentation,is it correct to put an abstract??Tomorrow I have to submit my ppt..Ill answer urz?
what does this quote mean??
The hypotenuse of a right triangle is 5cm long. Find the lengths of the two legs if their sum is 6cm?
find the value of x and the measure of each are?
what can you learn in college? im only 13?
Help! I couldnt submit a coursework on time at Uni and I applied for an MC but I got rejected!?
list of all the physics practical experiments cbse class 12 2013-14!!! urgent!!!please!!!!!!!!!!?
Please help with real roots!?
My violin teacher doesn't understand how stressful school can be for me?
Mandatory training for Secret SOS?
should I go to school tomorrow ?difficult situation please help,.?
Can this sentence be a theses?
What is the correct order for high school math?
Please help me think of an imaginary produk (its for english) we need to advertise a imaginary produk?
College reviews please! 10 pts best answer!?
phd after online masters?
Afraid to tell my friend of my disorder?
Pls help to make the correct sentence..?
Double Major...Nursing and Communications?
Is there college in Martin Luther Kings Day?
Pls help to make the correct sentence..?
Pls help to make the correct sentence..?
I get good grades at tests, but bad grades on my report card?
Hello everyone !! I am a final year aeronautical engineering student. I am planning for MS in USA?
I've passed 10th standard from ICSE board.Do i need to do TOEFL or IELET to study abroad.?
Past tense of 'sit'? 'Sat' or 'seated'?
Pls help to make the correct sentence..?
College and what I want to major in.?
Pls help to make the currect sentence..?
Accredited online university with bachelor's of business and accepts community college?
meaning of 'in nature' in the sentence?
What does it mean when someone says californicate me?
I don't want to dance!, help?
meaning of 'as if' in the sentence?
Swiss & Dutch Case Law on Euthanasia?
Steps for applying in GRE?
Question about university fees and accommodation etc? (UK)?
Best co-ed private schools in Melbourne?
I have a few questions for my maths homework. I am in grade 7.?
hi i got a marks of 30% 40% and 69%. i want to know how many i got for 100% out of the three marks.?
Senior student bullying me?
I'm planning to do my ms computer Engineering in delft university of technology,Netherlands...?
Need a PowerPoint presentation idea?
How can you stop yourself getting disheartened when training to be a teacher?
How can you stop yourself getting disheartened when training to be a teacher?
Can anyone understand this handwriting please?
If my course for Uni in UK starts in September 2015 , when should I apply for the course from Australia?
Im nearly 19 and middle of college but want to drop out?
What is the difference between android / symbian / windows / iPhone / bada?
i want to a book.help me plese to solve this problem?
Who are rajbongshi? community from India..?
Factor the polynomial using the greatest common binomial factor 10x(x+y) - (x+y)?
Factor the polynomial using the greatest common binomial factor 10x(x+y) - (x+y)?
Can someone help me please ? any ideas ?
Math homework help? (easy)?
Does every studen get the higher one card on their first semester? or what?
how do I do this problem?
Which of the following is correct ?
What does it mean if your university application is reinstated?
every thing I need to know about medical school (details please help) 10pts?
what does prodigy mean??
i got this essay hw on a topic help pls?
What is urbanisation?
What does the Kanji mean on my umbrella?
is this sentence correct\The book has myriads of lessons that we can imply to our own lives\?
Is this a good score?
Hardly month left for my boards and i havent started practicing yet? Need help :(?
What is best name to call a today's teen girls?
I'm scared of school?
Find the mistake in this sentence?
I am a simple boy.can i get admission in kendriya vidyalaya?
Please tell me what does 'never one for false modesty' mean in the following:?
some grammar experts help me.?
I want to drop out of college?
What is wrong with my sons english teacher?
Help!! Finding a QUOTE!?
going to college in japan?
Electron configuration?
I Am so confuse on this???
What Is My New GPA for the Semester?
Bad semester freshman year in highschool?
What is the best tablet for college students?
should i get a BA or BS, im not really sure. I want to get a PharmD degree. Please answer.?
How likely am I to get rejected to all the UC schools that I applied to?
What is something you have wanted to say to somebody?
I am stuck, I really need help Please.?
Should high schools encourage students to use pornography?
I want to move to out of state college from nyc?
Is August 26, 2032 really the end of the world?
Is there a difference between unshakable and unshakeable ?
How to Get into Top Colleges in UK for MS in Computer Science?
Write the decimal in fractional notation : 0.097?
I am confuse? Please help.?
What squeaks?????????????
WHILE ADDING FOR A CLASS IN COLLEGE IT SAYS \UNIT LIMIT EXCEED ERROR FOR APPOINTMENT PERIOD !!!!!!!!?
What does this mean..................?
Please help with school problems!!?
What's a word that means using diff words?
What to do if a non-custodial parent is not invited to an initial IEP meeting?
Philosophy homework help.?
What does this quote mean?
Meaning of 'simulate' in the sentence?
Should I walk at my HS graduation or not?
What is considered original research in a term paper?
Meaning of 'flip' in the sentence?
What Shall I do ?! Please help me as soon as possible ?! I need ideas... :'(?
I can't get in the zone! SAT in 1 week!?
What does any mean in this sentence?
What is nanomagnetism?
What does masterbath mean?
Do you know how hard i should study for a ged?
General eligibility criterion for most companies is 60% aggregate, i.e., your average percentage score in all?
Threatened by a teacher.?
why do people say human that's not the correct term for us?
Is it true that every girl who has aspergers syndrome is asexual?
What should I put as my hobbies, if I don't have any?
Any Idea to get CTET Admit Card after forgot registration ID?
What major should I choose for Community College?! 10 points for best answer! Please read the whole question.?
I need help with a instruction in college application?
My little sister needs essay help bad!?
What is the average number of words on a page?
I need an answer quick- Which of the five is least like the other four?
What is the difference between war crimes and crimes against humanity?
What is the full form of Gk?
What is the difference between lying and telling the truth?
is there a pre veterinarian course in wayne state university?
Is there a mathematical theorem stating that a line that pass through the center of a shape divides it equally?
How many candidate get selected for IAS? Is it a tough work?
Am I still Able To Get My Diploma And Get Into College?
what would the x-intercept be of the line x+3y+10=0?
What was the last thing you thought to yourself?
Grade 11 Chemistry question?
is this good enough to get into NYU??
Are you allowed to send SAT Subject Test scores after you submit an application?
Is there any way to get a full ride scholarship to boarding school?
What is the mean by NDA?
\Settle for a draw\ Where did this expression come from?
What is the different between LIE and DECEPTION ?
What is the linguistic term for this?
Can anyone please help me with the equation below?
Please help with graphing functions?
What's a \flopping\? Can you guess what this sentence means?
I want to go to college but I'm worried about student loans?
How would you phrase this?
Romeo and Juliet essay question help? 10 points?
How likely am I to get rejected to every UC school I applied to?
I can't focus on my homework. What should I do?
Mythology & Allusion Help?
I can't get financial aid for the CNA program. What should I do?
What does the prefix \tele\ mean in telemagenta or telegray?
I can't focus on my homework. What should I do?
SSAT vocabulary help asap?
University of Sydney? Please help?
Should I take some time off or go straight to college?
I am stuck on this problem, I don't know how to find the inverse?
Is it competitive nature or competitive nature's?
I'm nervous about my shsat?
What are some limitations on the ability of cases to reach the Supreme Court?
College Physics Hardness?
I am planning on getting a tablet for college, I am stuck between an Ipad Air and an Ipad Mini with Retina?
Exemption or Exception? Does this sentence make sense?
I am confused. What is the exact meaning of this sentence?
What is the oral equivalent of 'visualise'?
What are my chances of getting into Cal Poly San Luis Obispo?
Can you give me a list of all the colleges Gpa and Sat score?
Is it better to save money for college or pull out loans?
Length of line joining A(2,-1) and B(5,y) is 5 units . Find y?
I'm doing an essay to kill amocking bird and im at the part of the conclusion topic about racism?
Who was the first person to make paper?
Feel guilty about extra time in exams?
Find the equation of the line which passed through the point of intersection of the lines y=x and x+y=6?
Same sex marriage reasearch paper?
What creature lurks for prey ?
University Admissions?
Do you feel teachers are no longer teaching students, only testing them and then labeling?
Find the solution of the logarithmic equation log2(x2–6x–23)=2?
What college major is right for someone with these interests?
Your opinions on \cramming\ related to studies?
What does the word few mean?
How do you find log^2(x^2–6x–23)=2?
Which major is best for me?
Am I allowed to bring a kayak to college with me? And if so, where would I keep it?
How do i start a judgement?
Do you have to be a genius to become a doctor?
A good thesis statement on giant pandas?
Would you rather take a class with a group presentation or an essay component?
can I get a minor when going for my masters?
How long should I study for my final math exam?
How can i finish high school faster?
Help. Divide. Round your answer to the nearest hundredth 1 divided by 3?
How do I do an APA intext citation?
Is there a website to find online study partners?
What grade/year would I be in an american or japanese highschool ?
College Dorm, Roommates & Supplies?
If I want to be a doctor or vet what high school courses should I take?
What are the causes of the following strikes?
I need some Geometry homework help?
what are work of literature?
what are some examples of kids today being manipulated into doing things they dont want to do that are wrong?
Does this sound like a good college major choice?
How to do physics homework?
Would you rather take a class with a group presentation or an essay component?
What does it mean when a guy says........?
Is there a rule in New York City saying that former teachers cannot be friends with former students?
Does Freshman year matter when applying to universities?
word for someone who acts friendly/nice for bad ulterior motives?
What should I do??? help with marks...?
Alpha level help????
Does anyone know this parable about teaching?
Which is more correct? NOTICE FOR TERMINATION OF APPOINTMENT or NOTICE OF TERMINATION OF APPOINTMENT?
Which test of significance is most appropriate?
Please help I do not know how to solve this chem problem?
If you have five minutes, please complete my university survey :)?
other ways to say: \they were two wanted, runaway thieves\?
is this definition right ?
Substitution method problem?
whats the word that mean \other stuffs\ or \other types of thing\?
can i get three days off school if i get permission from my head teacher?
Help with this definition ?
meaning of 'jointly' in the sentence?
What excuses will get me out of a French GCSE Speaking?
How do I find critical values using a TI-83?
What is a good gift to give a student?
Please help me with this problem: 5x^2+x^3-14x?
How would you describe something 'vintage'?
'to' or 'that'...........?
How can I get out of this place?
Physics help??? Train traveling along a horizontal track?
best way to cheat on a controlled french assessment?!?
I need help with easy questions about the urinary system?
how to solve this math problem?
Stuck on igcse chemistry question!!?
What state does diary of a wimpy kid take place in, in your opinion? Bet answer for Most convincing answer?
What kinds of information to provide my teacher who will write a letter of recommendation for me?
How many of hours will I have if I take these AP classes?
Please i need your help :)?
In Ontario for high school can you take summer school for open courses?
sketch the graph of y=x^2+6x+11?
Is A.P. Calculus in High School divided into two year?
Mnemonic device to remember the word Aphorism?
Help with School (Low Grades)?
Argument topic for English?
Please share a few math study tips?
OPINION: What are some of the WORST 4 year colleges/universities that a person can choose to attend?
What does \turn out to be the case\ mean?
How can i persuade my parents to let me skip school on Thursday?
What should I take for Gcse?
I cannot specify the definition of the word \practical\ I just do not get it? Help??
what GCSE results does a carpenter need?
How many roots does this function have? (Math help please!)?
Meaning of this quote?
Should I take summer school?
What does it mean if I have international texting included?
Astronomy or Meteorology?
'to take someone seriously' in french?
Help please! Is this sentence correct?
what does 'bring the gun up to fire' means?
please help math question??!!!?
So what does this mean?
Need help with homework for English class?
Help with radicals and i?
what can i major in?...am i useless?
Find the area between the curve?
i need help editing this paragraph (grammar punctuation spelling)?
What is at least 1 similarity between an isobar and isotherm?
what is the difference between thanks and thank you?
Is this correct, need opinions?
Is business administration B Tech degree equivalent to Business administration Bachelor degree.?
Why am I so not used to doing work?
Could my OCD and Anxiety Disorders be linked ot my hyperactivity as a kid?
If I start with 25.0 grams of lead nitrate?
math survey help? (need more data)?
going to a new school ??
What is the Reichtag in Berlin, Germany?
Binomial distribution question...?
Application for grad school question on paper spacing?
Can the definition of a midpoint be shortened to this and why or why not?
Another way to say someone don't like to work(College wise)?
can someone help me write and equation but explain the steps.?
SCIENCE FAIR PROJECT HELPP?
Teasing at school, should I do something about it now?
highschool and essays?
What a thesis statement for Anne frank ? The theme is good v evil?
Are these GCSE grades good enough to get into Oxford?
How do I convince my uncle to help me with my CNA classes?
For p(x) = x^2 + 8x, find and simplify p(a+1).?
Is there a name for the house that the help would live in?
What does \run in\ mean in this sentence?
Where would the commas go around the colon in this title?
Do what you love in life?
Please explain what you think this means?
is petroleum engineering hard.?
What do i need on my exam to pass?
Do you think moving out for college would be the right thing for me?
are for-profit colleges a bad choice?
Why is their scool..?
\ No gains no pains\., write a paragraph on this proverb.?
How to prevent myself from using my cellphone?
Does the SAT honesty statement have to be in cursive?
What AP classes should I take next year?
Describe the interval(s) on which the function is continuous. (Enter your answer using interval notation.)?
Other words for procrastination?
Please help solve this question!?
how to fake sick to get off school?
Listening comprehension problems. Will you help?
Why say never say never when saying so means you should never say never?
I scored a 64% in B.A.(Hons.) n a 57% M.A.For a Phd from a good US university,how good or bad are these marks?
College problems?! HELP?
which sentence is correct: I though tomorrow is Sunday or I though tomorrow was Sunday??? LOL.?
Laptop for Computer Science degree?
Are there any accredited colleges that accept government financial aid and don't involve academics?
Chances of getting into Rutgers Pharmacy Program?
Is 23 too old to be a junior in college?
Can you repeat a course you've passed (in summer school)?
What are some examples of personal values?
Read the sentence. Hikers can escape the noise of the city. Which word is the direct object?
What are some current events in chemistry rigjt now?
What is the name for this symbol \ / \?
Americans:why do people say Jersey for New Jersey but don't say York for New York or Mexico for New Mexico?
Are IQ tests a valid measurement for intelligence?
I've recently started to receive messages from?
I have accomplished nothing and feel blocked at 23, what to do?
Writing mathematical equation?
Do I apply as a freshman or transfer student?
What kind of Reputation does DeVry univeristy have?
I Need help on my persuasive speech (about social media use) Need help!?
What are these cities/countries best known for?
Is Howard University worth it?
What are some positive and negative things on Homeschooling?
Will this career plan work (Wildlife Career) Please Advice! thank you :)?
But the people who come from the city of Qikiqtarjuaq, are European or Eskimo?
how do you say this correctly, these I've always found a little tricky?
Maths homework, similar shapes?
Relative pronouns pleasee?
Cardiovascular Surgeon Education. HELP!?
If you are in Grade 10, what phase are you in? (senior, Junior, sophmore)?
Teachers have no sympathy for students?
Martin Luther King Jr?
Should I drop an a-level?
I need a 5 minute speech?
Will I Still Be Able to Take an Honors Class?
Do colleges care if you took \special\ classes in high school?
i need a word to describe a person who doesn't take crap from anyone or anything?
Why doesn't my library card work?
which is the best consulting center in chennai for studying abroad especially for Europe countries?
Please explain for me the following text?
Gap year question: If i go to canada for a year could i spend most of it in america?
how to prepare for KCET?
How do you write this in roman numerals?
MAD LIBS / Alternate phrasing: Put your _________ where your __________is!?
What does the word rest mean in this phisics problem?
What does \ not live to finish\ mean?
What does \run in to bowl\ mean in this sentence.?
Do you learn about Northern Lights in physics or chemistry class?
Can you help me with English please?
How do you describe \bitching\ polietly?
How to simplify this fraction?
\asap\ means what?
Which's the correct way to say it?
How to understand this sentence?
Football scholarship from outside of the states?
need help with math problems?
I was prepared or i have prepared, what the difference between them ?
Possessive Apostrophe Question - Please Help!!?
Switching from banking industry to a consultant?
What do with this major?
what does odd day mean?
explain how two operator operate?
What does this symboles mean?
I really want to get into an Ivy League school. I have solid A's and B's. What are my chances?
What does aspects of Mechanics mean?
meaning of 'fascination' in the sentence?
Is it possible to pay college tuition fee with part time job?
Female Secondary Teaching?
what do u think about school? important or not? should I stay or drop out?
If you were at the DMV, is it customary to be asked to be sat down while your partner is taking a