Does anyone know this song??
what movie you watching/last watched?
What does this mean with my cat?
Amy willertons po box /address !! Please hurry !!?
What did you think of the New Superman Movie?
Poll: Have you ever felt that there was something missing in your life?
Labyrinth, The Dark Crystal, Legend or The Neverending Story?
Poll: How long is your hair?
Did you ever realize how dark children's movies were back in the 90's and further back?
What's your favourite David Bowie song?
Poll. Obama or Cameron?
Would you think less of a girl?
Do you miss George W Bush?
Was it wrong to criticize my brother?
Guys what is your opinion on a girl who cuss... alot?
What are your thoughts on Justin Beiber getting arrested in Miami?
is it ok for a man to hit his wife if she's the whiny type?
which ethnicity can Nicolas Gabriel Echard be?
haveing problems controlling psychic predictions.?
Poll: Do you hate anyone in your family...?
Survey:What was the best year of your life?
Pancakes, waffles, or french toast?
Where can I learn to play the electric guitar?
Marvel Comics Fans, question on Skrulls?
Do you ever wonder about old users here?
Which one do you use to eat..right hand or left hand?
Do you shower with your current partner or intend to shower with your future partner? Please do say why?
Would the immigration issue be solved if the United States bought Mexico?
name some of your secret indulgences...?
Ok, Cancer Men...seriously?!?
Does anyone remember the first?
Do Leos make the best actors in film and in life ? What is the most common theme among them?
justin bieber got aressted?
what do you think is the weirdest fetish?
Poll: What is something you are giving up....?
Dont you think for men love grows from his genital coz if we cut it,he will never think loving any girl?
Is it too cold to wear a mini dress and peep toes?
Only Fools And Horses Returning?
Was Frank Zappa Good?
The Beatles or The Doors?
How did you meet the love of your life?
Why do people deny the Moon Landing?
Who is the hottest girl in history?
Who is the hottest girl on the planet?
Who is the most attractive actress in history?
Who is the best actor of all time?
Poll: Do you believe in God?
Who is the evilest villain?
Who is your favorite villain?
What is my zodiac sign?
Who was your favorite superhero?
Whats your favorite 3 shows?
Is dappy still in celebrity big brother?
What scenes did you like in Behind The Candelabra Movie?
Fall Out Boy The Phoenix?
Why Do I Think Sandra Bullock Shouldn’t Be Alive in Gravity?
Emmerdale: Is This Slightly Unfair ?
have you ever tried vegetarian indian food?
Is it ok for a white guy to use the n-word singing a song?
i may be dumb but what does staring a question do?
when drinking tea, do you leave tea bag in cup or do you take it out?
How would you rate your literature skills on a scale of 1-10 ?
Help! What movie am I thinking of?
Has 'Dj' got 'lost again' ?
A list of your favorite anime..?
What is your opinion on The Big Bang Theory TV Series.?
Has anyone partied so hard the night before that they woke up married to a stranger?
What are the things that cause your food lust lost..?
do you thank people on here for ba?
Did my first date go okay? I thought things went well, but the pepper spray in my eyes made it?
Girls only why did he look back after seeing me speak to my friend?
randumb poll who, what,where and when?
if you have naughty pictures of your 13 yearsold self, is that considered possession of child porn0?
super hero Group name ideas?
Do you ever think about some of the users who don't show up anymore?
What is your favorite anime opening + animation?
Are there any songs of these bands about...?
Have you ever tried ''Chili con carne''?
What do you think of, Here Comes Honey Boo Boo?
Does anyone know this anime and it's name?
Now that George Zimmerman has become a painter is he going to canvas the neighborhood and paint all?
What can you say to this video?
Anime/Manga where main character has amnesia?
Someone tell me a good anime to watch please!!?
Poll-Yes or No: Are going to watch the Grammys this Sunday?
Poll - Favourite simple plan song?
Someone tell me a good anime to watch please!!?
Why is lesbianism with women the soft option?
Good Sherlock BBC fanfiction (not Johnlock)?
Can you describe your current mood by posting a picture that reflects it?
Have you ever made a friendship that went sour?
Guys: Describe the perfect female body?
P?LL:What has 8 eyes but can't see ?
?Survey: If you could erase anything you ever said to anyone, what would it be?
10 EASY POINTS IF YOU ARE CORRECT!!!!?
?Poll:What will u save time or money?
What hair color do you like on girls?
Why do people who wrong know how to defend themselves?
how are you at debating?
When Harry met Sally is such a lame @$$ movie. agree/disagree?
Now that Chuck Norris is 73 is he toning down his image? Will his new TV show be Walker, Texas Mall Cop?
Girls: have you ever fallen in love with another girl?
Poll: What dipping sauce goes best with boneless wings?
What is this cartoon?
is it weird i like to watch myself?
I broke up with my boyfriend...did I do the right thing! 10 Points!?
Should I do this or I will appear stupid? ( I will ans yours?
What do you do when you are home alone?
What does it mean \master of their fate\?
what are words that start with mo?
FREE Adult Manga App - Where can I get good Hentai Comic / Anime Android App?
What is the most awkward place to have sex ?
Can't remember what movie this is?
Which one sounds scarier? An alien invasion or a zombie apocalypse?
What are some short cowboy western movies?
Poll: Do you like Drakes music?
If you had 3 wishes what would they be?
Do you wish sometimes you could just disappear forever?
A thousand paper cuts, orone quick slice across the jugular with a Samuri sword?
Need help deciding which college to go to?! What do you think?
what are you guys upto at the moment?
Any percussion help?
Who made you mosh hardest in the mosh pit of doom: INXS; XTC; FYC; U2 or REM?
What's your favorite Steve Martin and Bill Murray movie?
poll 10 points for females only?
Is it worth driving an hour and 40 minutes to negotiate a car at a dealership?
Love letters for boyfriend?
What is your favorite quote of all time?
does your mom cook disgusting food?
Did Bill Clinton change the definition of Sex?
The Captain and Tennille are getting divorced after 39 years of marriage. Is this a sign of the Apocalypse?
If you could live in any other state, where would that be?
Would you be mad if she wore your boxers?
How many of the Brady Bunch kids are still alive?
What is your top 5 favorite songs by Prince?
Has anyone ever stolen your heart?
Tell me something that can be used as a weapon that is close to you?
What is the longest you've ever heard of a married couple being separated before completing the divorce?
if bruno mars asked you to makeout with him in his music video, would you?
What's something you refuse to share?
Survey - How many times do you yawn per day?
do you take long to reply to people's text /calls and pretend you're busy...?
What are some good flying pokemon in x and y?
MY Ascendant is Taurus. My sun is Virgo- and moon is Capricorn. how is this combination. 1st-september?
RHH : Which number would you put BIG PUN on your top rappers list?
are you quiet when alone, but loud when with friends?
What pop song goes \go aaahhh\?
Guys and girls why do you smirk at girls?
Will you still be a fan of American of Idol or have you had it with them ?
daridra yoga is present in my kundli ?
I want to rewatch DBZ where should i start?
Is it just me but i can't stand these female artist rihanna, lady gaga, and christina from the voice.?
Poll: What's your favorite...?
Looking For A 1990s Sci-Fi TV Movie?
Why is my boyfriend using a fake online dating profile?
what's this music name? from NFS Carbon?
Help i want to know her name!!?
What are things that people pop?
POLL: How on Earth do you go back to the old GREEN YAHOO PAGE?
How do I unbake a cake?
what of the t.v show regenesis?
Do you think that death note was kinda Soviet?
What age do you consider \old\?
Looking for a gender bend manga with deaf girl?
tell me all the things that annoy you.......?
Have you ever fell in public?
Advice on Home Recording?
Are you sad or happy I cannot answer any more questions for the day..i reached the limit?
Do u watch anime on netflix?
What do you do for the N word during karaoke?
poll, if animals could talk do you think you would have any animal friends or just socialize with humans?
Poll: Do you have someone who you generally don't like at school?
i need help naming a movie it was on vhs tapes?
Survey -What do you think about what I think?
Poll: What would you do if...?
Poll: What would you do if...?
Did you grow up super rich and your daddy used to buy you Cadillac Escalades all pimped out?
Poll: Pizza or fried chicken or ribs or chicken tenders or subs?
Rate my rap flow. I'm gonna be a white(Aussie) rapper?
Are you healthy or unhealthy?
Would you buy an original George Zimmerman painting for $100,000? Someone bid that much on?
What are you going to buy with all these points you have?
What do non-muslims think about muslims?
When people say I'm going round the corner to the shop, are they referring to the fact that you have....?
Did you ever had that awkward moment of TV with family and comes the S E X scene when you were growing up?
poll, would you feel bad if you found out your granma had ran an adult store?
-poll- What is your favourite scene from The Shawshank Redemption?
Survey: Which time period would you want to live in the most?
Poll: what do you think?
poll, if you could freeze time for other people for a few hours, would you run naked in the streets?
Have you ever built someone up just to tear them down?
Did you know the wheels on the bus go round and round, round and round round and round?
How do you explain skid marks and that hardened stuff on your underwear to mum?
Girl : would you give him a chance?
Is $20 reasonable in this situation?
Will my idea for a daytime soap opera titled General Pet Hospital be successful?
POLLS: Why does physics ask stupid questions?
poll, what's the 1st thing you'd do if you saw a monkey hand reaching out from the kitchen sink drain?
What are some good revolution movies or series?
poll, do/would you feel awkward walking into an adult store, (assuming you're an adult now)?
What is your favourite Denzel Washington movie?
Is the wrecking ball YouTube video starring porn star Ron Jeremy better than the Miley Cyrus Video?
What is the movie My Own Private Idaho about?
Where can i watch american horror story?
Poll: What are you scared of?
Do you know \ masha and bear\?
How many people in your house right now?
What do you do when you get angry?
does orihime give up on liking ichigo!? #Ichiruki?
Will a heavy metal orchestra ever happen?
Poll: What is your least favorite tv show?
Which is your favourite song out of the Backstreet Boys \In A World Like This\ album?
POLL: Do anyone feel it would improve this site if we could choose more than one best answer?
what are some of the most embarrassing body flaws?
Do you blow your nose before leaving the house?
When you listen to some songs... it is pausible to say some people have rocked it out so much that?
Poll: whats your favorite tv show?
Girls are you personally high maintenance?
Have you ever broke a bone?
Is it true that people have unique fart sounds?
Poll: did you like the tv show drake and josh? EASY 2 POINTS?
Looking for some breakup help. I am so heartbroken. Any advice?
What is something that might be shallow?
Poll: What's the oddest/funniest thing you heard a small child say?
Do you prefer having candy or soda?
Which album is better drakes nothing was the same or kanyes yeezus?
Do you think this is gross?
Poll: Do you watch hentai?
Was Kurdt Cobain wrong? Are there bands even more subversive than Devo?
What horror movie is?
Girls-would you date a guy who's shorter than you?
Poll: What if I told you that I made some coffee?
What is the loudest animal you've ever heard?
Which web mail do you use most?
Is Real Dope Soap a good Brand name for organic soap?
What are your favorite high school movies?
How did you cure homesickness..?
What kind of picture should I use for my profile?
What is the most attractive quality a guy could have?
What are some common and not so common stereotypes about Catholics?
Can somebody predict my future?
Poll: Should I put my profile pic back the way it was and my username?
help me .. tell me whats wrong with me?
What is the oldest thing in your refrigerator?
What should I do if I don't like where I live?
What are some common and not so common stereotypes about lesbians?
Would you women ask another man if he had a gf if you yourself already had a bf?
Which movie is better: Avatar or Titanic?
What is something people fight about with their next-door neighbors?
Do you care about levels?
Are you able to distinguish between gay and straight man just by looking at him?
Will I get the job if u keep calling every couple if days? Please answer!!!!!!?
Poll: When did you joined Y!A?
Poll: Which celebrity do you think is a role model for the youngsters.?
Poll:Do you cry when you're super angry?
Poll: do you think justin Bieber farts a lot?
Can you help make organic soaps with me and we can sell them on the beach?
Survey: The teacher yells at you for your incompetence over a piece of work. What do you do ?
Science or Religion, what do you depend on?
Poll: do you think Patrick star farts alot?
Have you been to the beach bali?
Poll: what do you think?
hey can anyone tell me what are the best animes that are old in sub only to watch?and tell me some animes that?
You know what I'm talking about, right?
Will you stop your car to help a man lying on road in the middle of night on an empty road?
I was always wondering something how can Dr.Phil give marriage advice?
do you want the D...?
Do you believe in Bigfoot?
If your BF/GF wanted to videotape yourselves being intimate is that something you would ever consider?
What sounds more catchy and rhymes better... Garrett McDoob or Katie McDoobie?
What is your mind thinking when you see a FAT man ordering BIG MAC meal at McDonalds?
Teens: Do you sometimes/all the time feel like High school is/was useless?
What would you do if I handed you a card with my phone number?
Does this seem fair to you?
What college do you go to?
Why is the TV show Arrow trying to give Roy Harper super powers?
What topic questions gain maximum answers do you think?
am i the itch you love to stratch?
which is better big family or small family (your personal opinion) i like big families?
Do you follow the rules or break the rules?
Is this a cute way to meet my ldr bf?!?!?
Poll: What is something that other people can do but you can?
Need relatable music..?
if you could punch a horse with no consequences would you do it?
Has this ever happened to you?
People honestly , who do you prefer Miley Cyrus or Kristen Stewart?
What is your religion?What are your beliefs?
How to make a well website that is PR2 or higher?
I want a sports bike in second hand condition?
I want an antivirus which can protect my computer?
What is something a cheerleader has lots of?
I want a special name for facebook?
Was Boy George the most subversive punk or new wave artist of the 80s?
Do you clean up nice when you get all dressed up?
Has anyone ever tried to convert you to Clausianity?
poll: what's your religion?
Do I Still Say Hi to Her?
can we all laugh at manchester united?
Look how cold and stupid it is here in Buffalo ok?
Who wants the green layout back?
How would you react if you saw a bird's head on a horse?
What is something a person might get caught in?
Is it more silent before or after the storm..................?
The new Y!A layout is coming to Canada and other countries...what are we to do now?
YOUR top ten romance anime?
Do you know who I am?
What scenes did you like in Dumb and Dumber?
How many of my blu-rays have you seen?
What are some foods you eat by the handful?
What was the career you wanted in high school?
How do I hire paparazzi for one night so I could show off to my enemy?? Help me?
Any good songs? I need some new ones?
Why didn't Campbell Saunders return home? Degrassi?
Is listening to music all the time a bad habit?
did they ever make or are they in the making of a mrs. doubtfire 2?
Why do you give so much trouble?
What should I name these anime characters?
what are some good ipod touch apps?
Would it be weird to name a Baby Baybee?
POLL: What would you do if someone screamed out your user name?
Poll: What kind of youtube comments do you not like?
Poll: Your thoughts on this....?
Mood poll: What's your current mood right now?
What age you do think you look?
Tell me something you remember when you were super little?
Why is so hard to find some people on fb because their first name and last name is so common?
Do you get jealous is your boyfriend has fun every night?
Why is Nelson Mandela death a big deal and Paul walker isn't a big deal?
Would you be scared to...?
Are you gonna redeem your Yahoo answer stars for Amazon.com gift cards it's only for a limited time?
Poll: Is Richard Sherman a thug?
Poll - Have you ever flirted with your own best friend?
Poll: Are you scared to click on links on here?
Is there something really physically unattractive about Tay Swift?
Can you lick your nose if you push your nose down a little?
Who was your first Celebrity love?
Do you think homework is a good idea?
Survey:What's the best thing that ever happened to you*?
Can you come over and drink Steaz organic iced teas me with me super fruit flavor?
Poll: Make up a fake news headline that would definitely grab your attention?
Do You Have To Be Gay To Go To Gay Bar?
POLL: What would you do if you saw me pull the fire alarm?
True or false Nutella is overrated?
Poll: What will you never forget...?
Poll: Do you ever find that a room seems more dusty shortly after vacuuming?
When the moon hits your eye like a big pizza pie...?
POLL: Would you just smile...for once?
Why is everyone so two-faced nowadays?
Have you ever gotten bullied in school?
Why didnt showtime air the movie back to the future part III in 1991?
Poll: What's your favorite pizza topping?
Why are Disney's shows so childish lately?
Do you think in the dream world sometimes you can enter another realm/world?
Dairy Queen or Baskin-Robins?
POLL: Your White or Black?
What books should everyone read for their own edification and why?
poll: Do you make a wish when you blow your candles out?
POLL: So...how are the twins?
True or False: You have school tomorrow?
How do I know what zodiac someone is if I don't know their birthday?
What happened to the green layout?
Do you prefer regular cake or ice cream cake?
Poll: Cooked dog, get your cooked dog here!!?
What are some good films to make on Christmas of family?
What do you want to do when you die?
What one Came Out With It First ? So Cold By Breaking Benjamin Or So Cold By Three Days Grace?
Why is there like almost no pleople on the yahoo answers now?
why didnt showtime air the movie back to the future part III in 1991?
Who do you think is the most good looking person in the world?
What causes a man to see visions like these sometimes?
Would you rather sleep alone or with someone?
Poll: Do you think this will scare the dog army?
Out Of These Disney Princesses, Which One Do You Think Is The Prettiest?
Poll what is your favourite?
Poll - What is your favorite flavor of chewing gum?
Check This Out If You Like Electronic Music! Spread Good Music Please!?
Survey: Which of the following would you do if I challenged you to a duel?
Poll - Do you ever like to share your food/drinks with any of your friends?
What is a random fact about yourself?
Poll: What should I give him for Valentine's day?
Does Shonda Rhimes also write the teleplay for the shows she creates or does she create the concept only?
Good Romantic Dubbed anime?
Should I watch 'Drive' or 'The Hunt'?
Good action TV Shows to watch?
Poll: I don't when, I don't how?
What are you think about this?
old programme help. please?
What happens next...I sent my tagline to an up and coming production company at their request?
Can someone help me think of a nickname?
What are the best cookies, snickerdoodles, ginger snaps, peanut butter cookies or butter cookies ?
Poll - In your opinion, What are signs that someone really really hates/dislikes you?
Poll - In your opinion, What are signs that someone really really likes you?
Survey: Would you love to get 99 red ballons and let them go one by one?
Poll: What annoys you about your hair?
when is the next Taylor Swift album?
What must we do in order to have another Woodstock?
Do you ever hear your neighbors arguing?
Name your favorite word that ends in \asm\?
Why do classical guitar use nylon strings and not steel?
POLL: Why do celebrities want to win Big Brother when they get paid for it?
Give me a good excuse to leave work early?
What's a good way to combine music and jokes?
when is the next Taylor Swift album?
Can you remember a joke to save your life?
Did the new ScHoolboy Q album Oxymoron leak? What songs can I listen to from the album now?
Do I Look Mestizo or Eurasian?10PTS?
POLL: Have you ever felt defeat was nearing?
Is it normal that I'm watching wedding videos on YouTube and crying my eyes out with pure happiness?
Poll: Do you have acne?
Poll: Have you accidentally clicked on any ads today?
My moon sign describes me better?
POll A Random Fun Poll for all?
I want to be a supermodel like the next Kate Moss but I'm short?
Who is your favorite Uchiha and why?
Hellsing series order?
What is your funniest memory related to a hair salon?
Are you human or animal?
Why do hairdressers ask so many questions?
Do you think 5sos is stealing 1Ds fans?
What is your favorite song right now?
Poll: Has a troll ever impersonated you?
Real spuds or TINED................?
Savaged by the attack dogs, or smothered to death by an avalanche of endearing, big eyed, fluffy kittens?
Any good (comedy?) Netflix recommendations?
Poll: Have you kept up with your new years resolutions?
Are there any other good shows on Netlfix?
When you are sent to the hospital do you hope for the best but expect the nurse?
help me think of what song this is?
Is peter parker still alive in any marvel comics?
I watched breaking bad on netflix and Walt didn't die, but everyone is saying he died?
How do you feel when someone who blocked you asks a good question and you cant answer it?
Real men wear pink: Agree or No?
How much would someone have to pay you to spend a year in Syria?
Should i go to the mall or library?
What is your favorite 'Live from Daryl's House' performance?
ladies, do you mess up your nails within 24 hours of painting them?
POLL: You are going on a red eye flight on a Boeing 747?
Poll: Have you opened your eyes and really saw, not looked?
Poll: Do you even life bro?
What do you think of these lyrics?
How many oxymorons can you name?
Why is the band TOOL not on I-tunes?
I'm a fan of Captain Jack Sparrow, savvy?
Poll: What is something you realized you look horrible in?
What would happen if you were punched by Superman?
POLL: If you could have a different name, what would it be?
What does it mean if a girl winked twice, scratched her head and then twitched her nose at me?
Polls and Surveys: What would you change about?
Is 35 seconds too long for a theme song?
POLL: Would you say you are an open person or more of a closed person?
P&S: If Polls & Surveys was a pirate crew...?
Did you ever thumb up a boxer's punch? I didn't but I would like to, wouldn't you?
Can someone find me a clip of a person telling someone not to jump? Any movies you can refer me to?
Polls and Surveys: What did you last eat?
RHH: Why Is Eminem So Underrated?
Do you believe the Asian academic culture is wrong?
What is your favourite Hoax?
Is E3 an impossible note for a soprano?
If you could be any fictional character, who would you choose?
Name of kpop song!?!?
How do you meet a singer in concert?
What's the most number of answers you got for a question here?
Who saw the movie \Drive\?
Star Wars fans, would you want to see a Black Hole in Episode VII (or VIII or IX)?
Why are tape measures not allowed in nudist camps?
Who do you think is the sexiest person in the world? Dead or alive.?
Should I Stop Watching Emmerdale?
What could you say to prevent a visit from your mother?
Watch TV or read a book?
Who is the most important person in your life?
Poll and Survey: Do you know any mnemonic?
Is the Lonely Sheepherder's Song also known by the title, \There will never be another ewe.\?
Star Wars fans, would you want to see a Black Hole in Episode VII (or VIII or IX)?
So you ever use a piece of wadded up chewing gum to plug up a runny nose, or is it just me?
is waiting for your results just like?
Funny pranks to pull in the locker room?
Would you ever put frozen mice in the microwave and....?
Plz rate my rap lyrics?
How important is protecting the bottom line for manufacturers of toilet fixtures?
anime battle who would win.....?
Americans, does it bother you that you live in a nation where people start yelling \Jesus\?
whats your favourite black veil bride song?
Poll: Like or Dislike - People using your name a lot during conversations?
The Dark Tower series by Stephen King graphic novels?
What is the average cost of a CHIN IMPLANT? Doesnt anybody know for Gods sake?
Do real men carry European handbags while wearing a pair of Crocs?
Poll and Surveys: Do lose interest in things/people easily?
In your opinion what is the smuggiest hobby?
Who's your favorite frontman (fave to least fave) from this list?
Poll: British men or Russian men?
What are some songs with \slip\ and/or \slide\ in the title?
What is something that you want to change about your country?
Poll: how to survive Bieber fever?
Were beans not served in convents during the Middle Ages because the nuns took a vow of silence?
What's with all of this nonsense?
Poll: How to survive bibber fever?
Do members of the Hell's Angels wear leather because chiffon wrinkles too easily?
Is a woman employee entitled to a full year of maternity leave if the baby resembles the boss?
What is the name of the song in the video?
I'm really intrested in that senran kagura anime. is it going to be dubbed ?
I worked for 60 hours and only got paid 460 dollars?
What was the last youtube video you watched?
What (Name one) is something that people get stuck in...?
do you love to fight?
What was the worst misspelling you've ever witnessed?
Do you prefer to be alone or surrounded by people?
RHH: Eminem has 4 classic albums buy or sell?
Agree or disagree- the office idiot is always the manager?
How is my singing?(Video link attached)?
Would I get in trouble for using a scythe to cut my lawn in the suburbs?
Which Celebrities Do You Prefer Over The Other, and BQ?
Will my idea of coating skis and snowboards with Teflon catch on?
poll: ya momma watches them stupid indian dramas?
in starship troopers, how many rounds do their guns have?
want anime like death note killing and full sad that make u cry read details?
What would you do if..................?
do you still get on Myspace?
Can you give me some AMERICAN martial arts movies?
which is better American comics or Japanese anime?
What are some songs with \ice\ in the title?
What is your acoustic song of the day?
Have you walked on snow like awk awk awk and imagine walking on clouds?
poll: in home alone....?
35 year-old Anthony Lescowitch posts status on Facebook as 'Fugitive'. He was caught an hour later by?
What do you think of those nerdy Apple boys and girls at Apple store?
How many friends did you have in high school?
Insipired: Do you know what fried plantains are?
What's your #1 favorite Gene Wilder-Richard Pryor collaboration?
Ladies, have you ever beaten a guy in arm wrestling?
What are good songs by DMX?
Do you sing when you're home alone?
Would you rather be a bit chubby and healthy or a skinny meth head?
Who sleeps in your bed with you?
What are y'alls thoughts on Call Of Duty: Ghosts...?
if you had to choose?
My dental hygienist girlfriend always rinses and spits after we kiss. Is this normal?
poll, do you believe in ghosts, if so, do you think they watch people in bed when they're doing it?
Name some good metalcore/deathcore bands?
What would you do if your boyfriend uses Old Spice products?
What was the last song you had on repeat?
What makes girls screech like a Banshee.?
poll, I'm very thirsty but too lazy to get up for some water, what should I do?
Are Oprah and Gayle lesbian together?
Do the British still secretly rule over America?
Is it rude to make a fun of your girlfriend ,because she can't skate?
Agree/Disagree: Guys wearing pleated pants is so wrong?
What do you trust better: Mirror or camera?
what is ur favourite book?
poll, are you like a shining beakon of hope for humanity?
Do you keep water by your bed when you go to sleep?
Do girls arm wrestle or do some like that to find out who is the strongest?
Is Sherlock season 3 going to be on hulu?
do you think it is funny when guys ask if they are cute?
What happens when you sign the adoption contracts but later still decide to keep the baby?
What is this animated movie called?
Poll- Priyanka Chopra or Alia bhatt?? who is a Better 1. actress 2. singer?
What are your ethnic backgrounds?
Colgate or Close-up..........?
how does this sound??
If someone is following me in a dark alley, do I pull my skirt up higher?
Agree or disagree? Always borrow money from a pessimist. They don't expect to be paid back.?
Whats been happening in Hollyoaks lately?
Would you be more optimistic if you thought it would help?
As a Y!A user do you find that the Home & Garden category is a good place to put down roots?
How do I apologize for cheating?
When walking past a stranger do you say hi...?
POLL: What would you do if you were abducted by a UFO?
Did you shovel your snow yet?
poll ::::: which part of the cannabis do you prefer to smoke ,the male or female part?
What is your opinion on Pitbulls, and why?
Do you say/act contradictory sometimes?
Do you use your power to help the helpless?
Are you heavy or light?
Poll: Jim Carrey or Adam Sandler?
I am searching for 2 songs?
What's something that looks from behind.?
1990's Actor w/5 letters in first name and 4 letters in last name?
Poll: Which one of these lovely bracelets is prettier?
Where shall we all meet up when Yahoo goes totally Purple.?
You learn like you will live forever?
Will 3pac release a new mixtape?
Are you truthful with your answers here?
Do you often say things other people don't understand?
What's your favorite thing to do?
why do people like superman so much?
Did you know I don't use my mobile at all?
Do you like or hate school, why or why not?
Poll: What's the weirdest place you dropped your phone?
Mahabharat - Who Is Your Favourite Character?
why won't some dvds from europe play on a dvd player?
i tried to be nice but no everyone had to ruin my mood?
Any good angel names for a girl?
Minority Groups: Do you ever wish you were white?
What guitar cables I need?
Do you believe in a bad seed?
Would you be happy, if your enemy died?
What color tie should I wear?
Have you ever been kidnapped?
Poll: Can a Jedi Lightsaber cut through Superman?
Good animes to watch, english dub please?
Movie survey for The Hobbit?
Survey:If you were stranded on an island and could only bring two things, who/what would they be?
what's are the benefits of being naturally skinny?
Are you more honest on here, or in person?
Is there anything you regret?
True or false you should never believe a woman working the register thinks your good looking?
Who took Abby's phone and locked her in the apartment (Y&R)?
What is your ultimate favorite Arnold Schwarzenegger film and least favorite?
is it joke time............?
SURVEY : Who is your favorite cartoon character that's a CAT?
if there were no food left on Earth, would you rather eat maggots or snails?
What do you like better hugs or kisses?
I am starting guitar and am looking at the Yamaha fg jr1. I know it is 3/4 but how much inches is it?
What would you do if there was a mice in your house and it stares at you?
What about a song do you like the most...?
in starship troopers, did you find the characters annoying and wannabe super machos?
If you like someone's answer, do you check their profile?
when was the last time you argued ith somone?
Sade sati and its Remidies?
poll: how many continents have you been to?
Why girls go crazy for bad guys <3?
What was your reaction to how Bills/Beers/Beerus easily took out the Z-Fighters in the Battle of Gods movie?
any good movie suggestions?
Where are all the interesting users?
What are good anime girl's names?
Got invited to a job interview BUT...?
Hey, geeks and Harry Potter fans?
SURVEY : What do you find as more annoying : People FARTING or SNEEZING in front of you?
Which is your favourite song out of the Backstreet Boys \In A World Like This\ album?
Does a doctor and personal trainer really want all their patients/clients to be fit and healthy forever?
Why are you so insecure?
Am I considered racist if I wan't to arm wrestle a black person?
SURVEY : Do you find it awkward seeing a 60 year old pregnant women?
Who's youre celebrity crush?
Would you be mad if I flirt with your boyfriend?
Does Thor 2 suggests a war between earth and Vanaheimr ?
How many violation emails in your inbox?
What is the meaning of \I Love You Too\ in Hindi?
Tennis ball smashed right down the throat, or unusual rectal examination involving a cricket bat?
SURVEY : What difference do you see in the new ROBO-COP compared to the old version?
Murder by numbers, or homicide by the book?
ANIME QUESTION: Creating Names, Characters, Plots, and Stories?
What Barney Stinson do for a living?
Which album should I get next from Queens of the Stone Age?
whats new movies have a lot of sensual sex scenes?
Are you against teenage pregnancy?
Anime Similar To These Anime?
What makes you feel more alive, pleasure or pain?
What is your fondest memory of yesterday?
GUYS: what do girls carry in their purses...........GIRLS: what do boys carry in their pockets?
am i the only one who thinks oscar iz better than mata?
Would you slap your mother for a million dollars?
So tell me!! Where do you hide your money?
why do superman fans think that he can't lose to anybody?
How do you chose the tiebreaker?
Whats something you hold dear to your heart?
What was the last thing you ate?
What is your opinion on Slaughterhouses?
Have you ever used somebody for selfish reasons?
where can I watch.................?
What percent of mothers curses very often?
Quickest way to get rid of body ache?
how does it feel when someone cuts contact with you?
I'll do anything for whoever packs for me?
Does a tanning bed bring out your dark side?
what are these called?
What is the manga called?
Justice league vs Teen Titans vs Watchmen vs Young justice?
Why do I have no fans?
Men- Is confidence really THAT sexy?
Is methamphetamine good for you?
How did Jesse La Flair did his Logo in Youtube?
have your parents ever tied a string to one of your loose teeth to a door knob to pull out the tooth?
What are some good disaster movies?
opinion on the characters of Mahabharata? 10 points?
ICarly malay dubbing or subtitle?
What is that one movie about a girl who puts a Red A on her clothing?
How long does it take to get good at Violin?
Are you excited about the marrriage of Kimye?
POLL FOR MEN: Why do you like lingerie so much?
Do you consider yourself romantic?
Why was jake e lee dumped by ozzy Osborne, he was a great guitar player?
True or false: You are in a fight with someone?
Poll: Are you snow.....?
Girls do you mind if your boyfriend works the night shift?
Do you like the music by this album?
Does Victoria's Secrets feature a line of lingerie for inflatable dolls? I am asking for a friend.?
do you like Pandora or Jango better?
Marvel vs DC, who will win in these 14 fights?
Do you have a favorite jelly bean color you like to eat first?
What happens if I Go from a Gauge 10 to a Gauge 9 for My Epiphone Les Paul Goldtop?
Which is better: Great Gatsby 1974 or 2013?
would you rather jello or med wrestle ?
Im afraid of getting hurt at a hostel im staying?
What (Name one) kind of item/document people keep in safe deposit boxes at the bank?
I am pretty but with an average-thick body?
Good tv series to watch that have ended?
What are some good songs about being jealous?
GIRLS: What would you do if you were shopping, and you saw a guy staring at you so you looked at him..........?
Would you like to live in the house I built in the woods?
when will Hirunaka no Ryuusei chapter 61 come out ?
Poll: Love it or hate it...?
What would you say if you were a ...?
you know the famous late George Carlin?
Poll : True or false ?
which pharmacy is better Wal Greens or CVS...?
Is Jennifer Lopez dead?
I like deadmau5 but why does he have to have to fight djs like he hates everything they do?
Since the new layout seems to have been crammed down our throats, how do we spell check when answering?
What (Name one) is an occasion that u would send flowers?
Name of this kung fu movie?
SHANOOOOO MATHUR what did you mean by your answer?
where do frogs go in the winter time?
will bosnia be in eurovison song contest 2014?/ hoceli bit bosna na evroviziji 2014?
Do you still use Facebook?
Do camels have sense of direction?
RHH : Is it a fact that 2pac was into steroids?
GUYS: Would you want a popular girlfriend or a girl who doesn't give face?
RHH : How in the world did drake started from the bottom?
When you attend a get-together, do you mingle with the other party-goers...or wait for them to come to you?
Poll : agree or disagree?
How does zeref knows natsu?(fairy tail)?
What is the best coffee cake , cinnamon pecan coffee cake, marble swirl , Boston cream or mocha ?
Do you think Van Halen was better with David Lee Roth or Sammy Hagar?
Do you feel inclined to star my answer..?
What colour iPod nano do you have?
I wanted to upload a song on YouTube sung by me in my own lyrics.. But the music is not mine.. Can I do tht?
what would you say into a bull horn if someone gave you one to talk into?
Why is Eminem such a peanut head, all he does is complain in all his tracks?
Revolution (tv series) how does the woman have an iphone?
Kisses on the neck or kisses on the lips?
How to improve a singing voice?
What's going to happen with NARUTO and SASUKE?!?!?
Poll: If you'd realized I'd stolen your kidney in your sleep, what would you do?
Has a TV show or song or movie or book ever profoundly changed you?
which is better... the gap band or the sugar hill gang?
What's the worst advice you've ever got?
Why does everyone like Macklemore?
Do you believe we are alone in the universe?
What is the difference between hen and chicken ?
am i the only one who thought the Dixie chicks lyrics go, \I'm not ready to make rice\?
any psychics still here on yahoo answers?
Ever notice how you laugh at the most random times?
Want to increase my chords knowledge?
who is the most attractive lead singer from the rock bands in the 80s.?
What's the deal with kids cruising up smarties and snorting the powder?
How much will snow melt if it's sunny out but not above freezing?
What happened to Lil Wayne?
Have u ever wrote/received 'love letter'?
Have u ever wrote/received 'love letter'?
Is the edited version of Hollow Man rated?
Doctor Who and Gallifrey Plot Holes?
Would you feel safe if your house was on stilts?
what's the name of this anime series ?
Is The Goonies is scary?
Poll: what is the worst accent in uk?
What Lotion Do You Use?
what are some good movies?
Most creative comment?
Does Bill Kaulitz sing good live?
Do you prefer cats or dogs?
Who's your favourite villain/negative character ?
Mubhakar g cn u predict this chart.?
In your opinion, at what age is a couple old enough to move in together (assume they could afford it any age)?
If wishes were horses, would beggars really ride?
who is the most amazing pokemon trainer?
Were you disappointed when you found out that Jack Dawson & Rose were fictional characters?
do you have a life mentor?
the coolest pokemon trainer?
In your opinion, are an 18 year old couple old enough to move in together (assuming they can pay for it)?
Who is the most misunderstood and misquoted philosopher ever?
How would the Soup of Bat wings actually taste?
have you ever tasted paint in your food?
Did solving math ever made you cry?
Is ''Little Miss Sunshine'' Abigail Breslin Single: Gotta Have It Or Make It Stop?
Has The Oregon Trail gone cold?
I'm having a spiritually challenging time at the moment, could it be because?
how would u Honestly react if ur friend Read ur journal/diary while staying at ur house ?
Check out this original song (first answer gets chosen)?
What does a nearsighted gynaecologist and a puppy have in common?
Calling all BLEACH fans!!!?
Poll: can you help me solve this problem?
Death growl (inhale/exhale)?
how old is mikey deleasa?
Why dont rapper eminem talk about his other friend who died bugz???
Is it normal to not want to leave the house?
What '80s/'90s toons would you want to see referenced on Robot Chicken...?
Help GUY ADVICE OR GIRL 10 Points?
is the movie ''i spit on your grave'' scary?
what more attractive on a guy clean shave ,stubble or beard?
Anyone else notice there are no Lego Marvel characters in the Lego Movie?
Are you a movie fan or a tv series fan?
POLL: which is your FAVORITE category of porn ?
Who Framed Roger Rabbit?
Love or lust? Agree or disagree?
What was the last thing that made you want to throw up?
females is you body a wonderland?
Aghhh! Yahoo Canada is next!?
New Virgin Active commercial music?
tips on first metalcore concert?
hey guys what anime is she from?
Should I watch free birds or the secret life of Walter Mitty?
Why are there so many unreleased Linkin Park Songs?
Percentage Poll : How much of your personality is based on the lies you tell people?
Superman vs. Wolverine Who would win and why?
i am looking for this anime ?
If a guy hangs out with his friend while his girlfriend is over....is it normal?
Why In The World That Kelly Clarkson Is Expecting A Baby Girl In The Wake Of MLK Day Is Gonna Happen Again?
is your family dysfunctional?
What's going on with me?
is it a crime to sit around a park?
Poll: your favorite ice cream?
love songs...what love songs?! who said anything about love songs?
The air you are breathing , what is it filled with ?
download link for problem children are coming from another world aren't they?
how to stop my neighbuor from following me around /oh its a he ?
Why do metal fans insult me for liking these bands?
how can i make you angry?
Good morning - Does anyone know the trivia answers for 99.5 WRVE Albany NY and other stations 01.22.14?
miss exam or go and write it?
What is this 1960s song?
Poll: What musician have you been listening to a lot recently?
What things can ruin your mood in a hurry?
why do some people smile all the time!?
True//False : You are a moody person?
“man dies during 6 hours marathon sex\?
Emmerdale: Who Would You Date?
Do you need 2 points?
Why are you awake&#32;&#32;?
Can somebody explain what's with this guy?
Lap dances or belly dances?
What movie is this screenshot from?
What are your top 5 favorite movies?
are you a happy drunk or a mean one?
Why are cat videos still so popular? I just don't get it.?
What's your favorite Denzel Washington and Will Smith film?
If your enemies ask you \you and what army?\ What army would you like behind you?
Which rock star had the biggest?
Microworkers: How to do the task High Klout Google+ post?
What do you do when someone close does not understand you?
What are the recent hollywood movies?
Can science make a real man like us?
Horoscope and child birth?
I want a tatoo machine?Where would i find it?
From where does internet come from?
How come my GF always asks me what I'm thinking I never know how to respond?
Why do ALL songs sound SOO much better with headphones?
Poll : What was the last thing you realised?
How many eggs do you have in your refrigerator?
Pick the odd one out ?
Pick the odd one out ?
Would you like a poached, scrambled or boiled egg?
Have you ever climbed really high in a tree?
Poll:Describe your mood in an emoticon?
Movie Poll: The Green Mile or Cast Away?
is this weird.be brutally honest?
Quick Survey- How true are these song phrases in your life?
I asked to many mundane questions and now I feel like my credibility is shot?
How can I beat my procrastination?
Tv shows with people who have abilities?
Tv shows with people who have abilities?
Have you ever noticed that eating raisins feels like little insects in your mouth?
Do you think girls look sexier in their pajamas then they do in lingerie?
You find a puppy out on it`s own. You speak to it, It follows you home what do you do?
if you had the choice would you rather be able to look into your future or watch what happened in your past?
Do you think you will ever ballon up to over 200 pounds?
Do I listen to music too much? Will I go deaf?
How many manga do you have in your collection/library?
What was so special about Kurt Cobain?
Who are your Top 5 favorite movie characters of all time?
Banner Hulks vs Other Hulks?
What is something you would never try?
Do you think I have a weird face?
Aliens that look like human brains that attach themselves to you and kill you...what movie?
If your friend throw a party and don't allow any alcohol, would you still come?
What does Racecar spell backwards?
True or False: You came from a working class family?
Would you rather have a big dog or a small dog?
What's one grocery item you always have in your shopping cart evertime you shop?
On those forms that ask who to call in an emergency should I write \Doctor\?
Poll: Would you prefer a Small Wedding or a Big wedding ?
What music is the best music?
Im looking for guitars to play industrial metal.?
How do I get one of these?
Are you better at singing, dancing or acting?
POLL: were ross and rachel on a break???
POLL: If your life had a movie rating, what would it be?
Is deciding on what is an odd number purely subjective? Some odd numbers seem quite normal to me.?
Are you Something Special.....?
When you die, would rather...?
Do you feel Obama has changed things?
Is Obito's cuase just wanting to conduct project Suki-no-me?
What is this/where is it from?
If you could switch places with someone for a day, would you really want to?
Poll: Do you share your problems with family & friends?
What tool do you use for surfing internet yahoo answers...?
Donut or Muffin: which would you rather have right now?
Will you watch American Idol this season?
Have you ever seen two not-so-attractive persons blessed with very attractive kids?
David Tennant Fan-Mail address?
Which fruit would make the most effective weapon? In a dim light a banana could pose as a gun.?
Have you ever seen two attractive persons have not very attractive kids?
ever sniff your finger when picking your bum?
What are the pros and cons of being a shy person?
Are there job openings as a narrator for bad mimes?
what is this manga title?
Have you ever seen a user here with well over a hundred thousand questions answered?
Do you still play with toys?
Is the movie Parasite (1982) any good?
what are things people judge or misjudge?
Do you think you've got what it takes?
Do you remember when Hardees was good and they had mushroom burgers?
What are you thoughts on GWAR?
Girls, what's one of your favourite colognes on a guy?
Plz tell best free games for lumia 520?
what are the best r&b sex songs?
Is Adam sandler dead?
Do you think it's wrong to ask sexual questions in the Polls And Surveys section?
Do you wear high heels?
Why do people like celebrities so much?
Will using a stool softener make sitting at the bar for long periods of time more comfortable?
Girls, what would you do if you hugged your bf and you smelled perfume on him?
Do you ever call information when you can't find your car keys? I did. The operator said they were?
Some people say after the lovin polititions say after the cluck-in?
What's ONE sure sign that a guy is really not over his ex yet?
Don't you hate it when you're trying to TD an answer and then you accidentally hit the TU button?
Girls do you find Conan O'Brien at all attractive?
if you are an independent strong woman who don't need no man?
Girls do you think that I would think you are pretty in real life?
Would you be happy if some girl said this to you? GUYS?
Have you ever raced someone in a Go-cart?
I'm not awful.. I promise. Could you rate my cover of this song?
True or false? The harder the butter the softer the bread.?
i want to watch breaking bad season 4 i prefer to see it on my tv if possible how can i do this for free?
Are you gonna be on here tomorrow?
Do you ever have the same nightmares/bad dreams?
Agree or disagree? The early worm deserves the bird.?
Why was there an uprising in district 12 in catching fire?
Website ideas please help?
yes or no you like to eat rice?
How good or great is your answering questions ability on here?
Have you ever been depressed?
Have you ever loved someone before, romantically?
why don't people appreciate honesty?
What color are your sheets?
What would put a smile on your face right now?
Would you say this to your crush?
Have you ever kissed someone in the rain?
What's your favorite food ?
Wouldn't it be better if Yahoo answers gave folks a choice of using the old green or new purple formats?
Do you know how to slow dance with the one you love?
Is your life interesting enough for me to write a book about, and will it be a best seller?
When was the last time you cried?
POLL: do you actually want your old teachers to remember you or would you avoid them if they did?
question for janoskinators?
Do you honestly think you will one day find real love?
Why is my astrological sign completely wrong about my personality?
POLL: would you rather be tall or short?
Girls do you like sad songs?
POLL: how come you can not change your past marks?
do you believe love and marriage go together like a house and carriage?
POLL: Name something you really want, but you can't have?
Am I the only one who is irritated by people who are obsessed with everything organic and natural?
If you had the power to bring people back from the dead, who would you resurrect?
Does anybody else feel like their questions NEVER get answered anymore???!?
What food item goes well with a glass of milk?
Where should we go for training for php?
Where should i buy a nice bike?
Why do the peacekeepers kill the old man in catching fire?
Do you think some users actually sit down and write their questions down and then ask them?
which movie do u think will win Oscar this year??
Old movie kind of like the woman in black?
How to use Cprogramming? Help me?
Why we cant download & save free music in particular app in windows phones like apple?
What if you were a giant?
POLL:: do you sometimes use your old homework as reference to studying for future tests or exams?
Have you ever lost someone that you loved so much?
POLL: what happens when a teacher catches you plagiarizing?
When is the best time to resolve your questions?
PHRASING Poll...In MLB, can a Designated Hitter ever really have a Field Day?
poll: do teachers keep your homework or throw them out afterwards?
where to find 20th century fox company agents?
What is the name of the house song where the music video is a native american kid running away.?
poll, is it weird if I only speak to French to my dog?
In your opinion, are an 18 year old couple old enough to move into together (assuming they can pay for it)?
POLL: can teachers go through your homework with you?
can u send me a virtual hug?
Can I harvest one of your brain cells and keep it as a pet?
How r u today and how's your health?
What would you think if a girl approach you this way?
poll, why are mirrors so confusing?
What do you consider to be a serious relationship?
poll, if you had a banana bundle of 6 that when you peel a s_xy model man comes out who's only 1 foot tall?
POLL: is it true that homework can be time consuming and frustrating?
yes or no its your tea time?
Does anyone know the L&W CODES for AZ FAMILY, KOOL, and KTAR for Jan. 22, 2014?
Only fools fall in love?
Which study desk to get?
How big of a history buff are you?
Why windows phones are so crap that they need computer to make email account?
What would you think if an 18 year old couple wanted to move in together?
POLL: if a course has no textbook, would you consider that class a hard one or an easy class?
How would you react if you were now wheelchaired?
what are u doing now?
poll, true or false, the more off limits it is, the more you want to touch?
If there was a super hero in your town, which would you like him to be?
Im a gemini woman confused on Aquarius guy?
How much rope, duct tape, and zip ties can you buy at Lowe's before someone gets suspicious?
what was the movie called?
LIBRA MEN: DO YOU PLAY GAMES WITH GIRLS YOU LIKE?
is there a movie site where you can type in movies you like and they will give you similar ones?
poll, do you wish you could track your boy/girl-friend by GPS?
Who do you want to be your prince charming?
Why did it take Elsa in Disney Movie \Frozen\ three years before she was Queen?
Choosing between a Gemini and a Pisces?
In your opinion, until what age are relationship just puppy love?
Do you think my son could pull of this child actor's haircut?
How have you benefited from an intense workout session/sports in the long run..?
How to rescue a child who is stuck in a tree?
Would you take a relationship between two 17 year olds seriously?
How old was the kid in Big Daddy?
The Legend of Korra: Avatar Wan is...?
The Legend of Korra: Avatar Wan is...?
poll, would you want a talking cat that criticizes your political views and tells you why you're wrong?
What's that one band?
The Legend of Korra: Avatar Wan is...?
WHY IS THE TARDIS NOT MAGIC!!!?
The Legend of Korra: Avatar Wan is...?
Am I a bad person for liking horror films?
poll, if you had a box of animal shaped crackers that temporarily morphs anyone who eat them into that animal?
What would you do to katy perry?
Did you ever notice in the Star Trek TV series that no one ever went to the bathroom?
Good Romance Manga with Short-Haired Female Love Interest/Heroine?
What should you not do in January?
Do you like to live dangerously?
You do not take a person's relationship seriously until they are what age?
poll, if you had a carpet that makes anyone who walks over it in one direction happy but other direction sad?
How difficult is it to find a cat obedience trainer in the phone book?
on a scale of 1 to 10: how tired are you right now?
How many times a day do you brush your teeth?
Does anyone have songs to help me?
Does your cat give you that evil stare?
where can I go to read the star fox 64 manga?
Survey - Did you ever lay down on the grass and looked up at the sky?
What anime have happy endings?
Which sentence should I say to my GF for breaking up?
When is the last time you thought silence was golden?
do you tink \combo's\ are like a human treat?
What's something you have learned from others mistakes?
Does anybody know what Illuminati is?
True or False: Someone just walked by you with?
Octave range? Help music ppl?
women do you believe in the saying if you've got it , flaunt it?
Do you think this decade will ever go retro?
How hard would it be to play Frisbee on the moon? It would take a day to find it if you missed.?
What to do if you wake up in the middle of the night?
What is a good scary movie to watch?
poll, do you like the scents of perfume and Cologne?
What is a hilarious comeback to your short?
when you wear leggings or yoga pants do you wear a short shirt - or a long one to cover your butt?
Why wasn't Selena Gomez smart enough to stay away from Bieber?
In your opinion, how many years is one generation (as in having grown up with the same stuff)?
What do you think of these two songs?
Bad Brains or Minor Threat?
What did the girl on Hannah Montana (not Miley) call purple?
Did the fat kid singing the \cupcake song\ die?
POLL: Guess my favorite band? Hints included?
poll could you marry a good looking rich powerful person who controls your life cause s/he's obsessed w/ U?
Must see movies on netflix?
Have you forgiven someone who hurt you real bad?
What are some good drake song from 2013?
do you believe in manbearpig?
Who sang the theme song for Greatest American Hero?
RHH: Is Big K.R.I.T.'s mixtape 4 Eva N a day really free?
True or false:this homework is too much?
Right now, what are some objects within 5 feet of you that could be used in a fight if you were attacked?
Avengers fans: I have a question about Baron Strucker, Scarlet Witch, Quicksilver, and Col. Rhodes?
How do people get other people to comment their instagram photos like some people get so many?
Do you sleep with a stuffed animal?
A clichè joke that.....?
How to tame a Leo sun/Libra moon/Cancer venus man?
True or False: You have school tomorrow?
I want to try something new?
have you ever had to go through divorce?
Can you think of any creepy or witty birthday wishes?
At wat age do most of ppl lose their virginity?
Are you a emotionless and your best friend is emotional?
What are these people actually doing when they make an anime?
Do you think I match well in blue shirts and if not what color would look best on me?
POLLS: Which is harder Calculus and Vectors or Physics?
What do you prefer on women: a pot belly, a little tummy or completely flat?
Conclusion of Twin Peaks?
How do I find fairy tail episode to manga number?
Survey:Who is your favorite Sacha Baron Cohen character?
how do females feel on her mans stag night?
Do you have more than a handful?
poll: party now and study later or study now party later?
Should I bring her lunch we both work at the same place and I am 99% sure she likes me?
Poll: Salagadoola mechicka boola bibbidi-bobbidi-boo Put 'em together and what have you got?
is abercrombie or hollister still in style?
What song/instrument is this?
Why did you go to the Emergency Room?
T or F: Getting good grades in school doesn't mean you're smart?
Poll: Do you find that taking two summer courses challenging?
What is the best word?
what is it mean that \white gloves come off\?
Do you find it easy to chat with strangers?
(Guys only) please answer!!!?
How upset would you be is mist/air moisture wrinkled your brand new $130 textbook?
Straight Guys: What would you do in this situation?
Poll:Do you like ownagepranks on Youtube?
Hypothetically speaking, if I wasn't really a sheep, would you be mad?
POLLS: How much sleep will you lose if someone judges you for being yourself?
How come some marijuana smells like a skunk and some has a normal pot smell?
do you think this is average/thick/curvy/fat/ HONEST?
What's the name of this song?
The have and have nots?
Is Naruto Shippuden better than Naruo?
-poll- Which of the codes below do you find LOL funny and which ones not so much ..?
I never had a girlfriend and women ignore me. Am I too ugly to ever have a girlfriend?
What do boiled eggs smell like?
What are the odds of Jennifer Lawrence winning back to back to oscar in 2014?
With all of the dirt he had to deal with, did Mr. Clean have a filthy mind?
Are you picky when it comes to dating?
It's 9:00pm and i haven't started on my essay yet, do you think i can finish it tonight?
New format is in Canada now, where can I go where it's still the old YA format?
Marvel vs Ben 10, who will win in these 22 fights?
If I cut off your arms and cut off your legs, would you still love me anyway?
Poll: What would I give to live where you are?
Where can I find a good Christian wife?
Do you like this kind of music?
What's this thriller movie?
Poll: Can you shake your hips well?
Help with my singing?
Do you know any drug dealers?
Do you think these shoes look good?
What's worse: someone who roots for an adversary football team, or someone who doesn't like football?
When is naruto shippuden episode 346 and and 347 release ?
Who is your favourite female celebrity?
What are you listening to right now?
Whats that song that came out and it says something like, I really wanna love somebody..?
Poll: Do you thumbs up everybody's answer when you ask a question?
POLLS: What Beatles song would you play at a Wedding and at a Wedding Dance?
Are you a god loving person or a god fearing person?
Describe yourself in one word?
forgotten this yaoi manga?
Really Chill dubstep and House?
Can't sing the right notes?
What was the name of the amphibious car on this weeks The Bachelor?
Poll: How come when someone says they're ugly when they're not?
Have you ever slipped and fell walking in the snow?
Miscast selections for a girl? Must be a musical theater piece?
Poll: Do you think you're ugly?
Would you rather have many friends and have an average amount of money or be rich and have 1 or two friends?
What is the meaning behind the song \Imagine\ from John Lennon?
Poll: Your thoughts on this...?
Would you like if your family was a Modern Family?
Help!Artist that started singing before 1900's?
Poll: What is your body type?
What is this Swedish Song?
Do you ever get annoyed at someone just by looking at them?
Would you ever buy a sex robot?
True or False: One of these days you will forget to hope and learn to fear?
I literally feel like I'm going to be sick do I have your permission go miss class this one time?
Poll:who likes lil wayne?
Like or Dislike: girls in bikinis?
When was the last time you cried?
If your partner made a ridiculous amount of money and didn't want you to work, would you still work?
Poll and surveys: What ? Have you been in any online argument?
will purpleeyeswtf ever finish none piece?
Poll: Do you have big breast?
Why do some people have a problem with the idea of alcopops?
What's Nas's greatest song? My personal favorite's \One Mic\?
So question on libras!!!?
Good Morning to all of you.. Have a nice & superb day.. :)?
Poll: Do you have a big butt?
poll, how often does this happen?
Polls and Surveys: Where would you go..?
What do you think ? Am I a boy or girl?
Polls and Surveys: Do you read aloud or in your head?
Polls and Surveys: What song makes you happy?
Can you suggest a home craft a disabled vet with carpal tunnel could handle?
How long do you use the internet everyday?
Poll: Are you a cyber bully?
Who Are Your Favourite Emmerdale Characters?
Do you think they will re-cast Allison Sweeney on Days of our Lives?
GUYS: What's the difference between cute and hot?
Poll what do i do the man in white coats are Coming to Take me away?
Do you have any weird interests?
Degrassi 2014 Season Premier Question?
What is the meaning of life?
Why are all my records that i buy warped?
Poll: Do you have good comebacks?
Is the Anime Hetalia still ongoing?
Guys/Girls, what do you prefer: Boot-cut, taper or straight ?
Which do you prefer, DC comics or Marvel?
who is the most beautiful?
Do you know what this animated movie about cockroaches is called?... Details inside...?
If Yahoo Answers existed in the 90s what would the top questions be about?
In smallville, how many times do you think Lana has been in the hospital?
Im black and I listen to rock music?
What is something your family makes fun of you for?
Do you like girl scout cookies?
What does it mean when a girl smiles at you?
Why is Sirius called Padfoot in Harry Potter?
do people who live in small towns think it's trashy to live in an apartment?
What do people like about country music?
POLL: Was this funny or rude?
Poll: What's the most fun date you've ever been on?
Do you like spicy foods?
Can you help me find the name of this movie?
What is this songs name?
Do Claire Danes, Thora Birch and Drew Barrymore kinda lookalike?
My Dad yelled at me because I like KPOP?
What do girls do when guys kiss their necks?
Comic Recommendations?
Are All Time Low concerts safe?
Why do some people think naruto is stronger than goku?
What colour is this actress' hair in this picture?
How old do you have to be in virginia to go see a rated R movie?
What is your best \I can't believe I never noticed that before\ moment?
Does anyone know what song this is?
Action comedy romantic anime?
Tittle of a movie question!?
Should I paint my room black?
are women with daddy issues easy to pull?
i need help with some history of jazz?
how can i tell my mom?
What is the best use of $10?
Describe Russia in one word?
Describe Australia in one word?
what does it mean when a leo girl say they miss you?
what is one beverage you absolutely hate?
Would you come if I invited you to a gourmet meal?
Have you ever considered moving to Azerbaijan?
Who Do You Want To Leave Emmerdale?
Describe Azerbaijan in one word?
Is Dexedrine highly addictive?
Country Songs to sing for a School Talent Show?
Would you say you're good looking?
what would you do if your father said you are not allowed in the fridge?
Survey: How would you react if?
Do I have to watch Nisemonogatari in the Monogatari series?
Who did the singing voice as the puppet princess in the movie: The Adventures of Pinocchio (1996)?
Is victory all that matters?
What 2014 Oscar nominated films are actually worth watching?
POLLS: Are there certain exams you don't take serious?
HELP!!! Life abroad??
What's the name of this horror movie that featured Olivia Wilde?
How many volumes of Hunter X Hunter are there?
Poll: Why are you acting salty?
What was the last movie to make you cry?
Do you watch Family Guy?
list favorite to least favorite.?
What would you say if I told you I want to shovel your snow?
Should I buy the Apple TV?
Poll: What's something that people only use once?
What do you think about those who wear fake glasses?
In your opinion, how many years is one generation (as in having grown up with the same stuff)?
What is it that makes you decide whether or not a person is extremely smart (as in a genius)?
where can i buy a radio to listen to stations in the usa?
what 10 body parts only have 3 letters?
Are people on y!a oversensitive these days?
Who would buy used underpants off the internet?
Poll : what would be your weapon in a food fight?
True or False: Everybody looks better tanned?
what are some korean dramas that are sad and romantic on dramafever.com or anything that has a 5 star lol?
For the year you were born, what movie won the Academy Award for Best Picture?
RHH: What is your favorite track off of GKMC?
Do you have kids «O»_«O»?
Who is the actor that played that \mentor\ for Katniss & Peeta in the Hunger Games movie?
Do you think African American people who have naturally blue, green, hazel eyes look natural with them?
What is the name of the movie where a guy is obsessed with a model/actress.?
help finding this movie from back in the early 80's?
Do you think I will be a married woman?
Would you be flattered if I told you I dreamt about you last night?
who can go deeper, Aquarius or Scorpio?
Does everyone find out that Dexter is the bay harbor butcher?
Do you have any allergies?
at what age did you get married or you plan to get married?
True or false: You believe in superstitions?
What Hair Metal Band 'Cinderella' or 'Quiet Riot' do you like Better?
Whats with peoples anime taste?
Good anime to watch?!?
What is something you don't enjoy doing, yet have to do it daily?
Question time if you want a comparison?
In your opinion, is childhood over at by age 18?
In your opinion, is childhood over by age 17?
How many pillows do you sleep with?
True or false: You have been on tv before?
what do you think of my cover?
Which sandwich you like most?
Trying to find song that goes \uh oh, uh oh\?
In your opinion, is childhood over at 13?
Who do you like better? Rihanna or Beyonce?
If you were to eat at McDonalds right now what would you order?
There are so many games. Why did you choose to play my heart?
Survey: When your mood changes, who's generally the first one to notice ?
What things are inappropriate to do in front of babies and pets even though you think they.....?
Which bands on this list do you love/hate?
Do you care if I tell people that we are friends and hang out all the time?
I Don't Get This Joke?
When you talk to people do you ever maintain eye contact with them for 20 or more seconds?
In the movie Hunger games:Catching Fire why was the mockingjay sign so bad?
Oh I see how it is&#32;&#32;?
What is the fastest way to defrost ones legs?
Do you think \Facebook stalking\ means you like somebody?
How long do you stay angry at people?
If you could, what advice would you give your future children?
Have you ever ate a Water pie?
Would you eat a potato chip found in the crack of your couch knowing that you last ate chips two days ago?
Which name is better for a wealthy, rich man?
Would you still date a guy you had a crush on if you found out he use eye liner pencil for his brows?
i missed the grammy's who won?
What is a good family movie?
Many hindi or bengali movie lip to lip kissing,so is it original kissing?
pol: do you say mobile or cell phone ?
Is the sky falling&#32;&#32;?
Poll: Life is one big party when your still young so wants to get drunk and party it up?
Poll: Can you give me the best solution for my fear?
Why do people hate Metallica so much?
What is the last film you watched?
What do you think my favorite bands say about my musical taste?
What is the name of this movie?
What episodes are these from? Dragon Ball May contain spoilers!?
poll: If you were stuck on today, what would your day be like?
Don't you love when......?
When you're out do you ever listen to other peoples conversations?
Should I quit my day job at the astronomy observatory where I work? Nothing is showing up on the telescope.?
ANIME QUESTION: Link to an unanswered question?
Do most women prefer to be massaged by a man or a woman in massage parlor?
What is this song called?
Beyonce vs Britney Spears vs Lady Gaga?
Beyonce vs Britney Spears vs Lady Gaga?
Which word do you like better...Courage or Fearless?
Is it just a cosmic coincidence that the Universe is expanding at the very same time my waist is?
poll: Have you ever stole money?
What are some smooth hip hop songs a can listen to? with good chill beat.?
True or false: The scales of justice must always be balanced?
What happened to the Little Engine That Could.\ Did it start a new career as a motivational speaker?
Which band is better: Nirvana or Soundgarden?
?Is it snowing where you are??
Last question of the day and I'm going to sleep I promise?
Do you \follow people back\ if you think they are attractive?
How many passwords do you have to remember?
My question refers to those WHO have gone to a previous tomorroland festival.Is tomorrowland safe?
I'm a Cancer but I don't get along with Scorpios?
Choose a Movie from this List?
True or False- Bacon is overrated?
Do you look back at high school and laugh?
When you see a couple making out or kissing in public, what do you do?
Who decides what is \trending\?
Can you help me find the title to the Anime listing?
Is this a typical teenage thing?
some tv show like prison break?
Poll: What is some thing(s) you Regularly have to TOLERATE in your Life that you don't like TOLERATING?
What are your best and worst traits?
Music from the 50s/60s?
Who is the female Michael Jackson?
why one piece episodes are released weekly?
What that new song with the whistling?
I need a good movie to watch.?
What's the best free internet radio?
what's something you should not wear at a brothel?
Would you rather smash your phone or your car window?
Does Barack et al at the WH made public a list of those who attended the party for Michelle?
poll: have you ever been caught doing something weird?
Can you make homemade brownies without waking roommates?
Should you ever let someone leave the house angry?
you are the best person in the world?
My Mom Wants Me To Prove That Avenged Sevenfold Isn't Satanic.?
Could i successfully cosplay as Katara from Avatar: The Last Airbender?
Poll: What Sandwiches don't you like Vegetables On?
Do you associate rainbows with gay pride?
what are some of your pet peeves?
What was the last show you watched on TV?
Do you feel like licking anything at the moment?
Do you feel like licking anything at the moment?
Why do a lot of people make assumptions about people who struggle with being underweight?
POLL: Do you judge people based on their zodiac sign?
Is it rude to talk on your cellphone while at the checkout line?
What do you like on your sandwich?
Anime guys and girls please answer!?
What do you think of this song?
Whats your mood right now?
Would you rather give birth through your ear or your nose?
Poll : woah what's happened up yahoo answers Canada ?
What are your personal strengths?
Tauriel: well, 2nd time is less irritating?
What holiday is your least favorite?
What's a word or phrase that always makes you laugh?
Poll: Which is better:The Simpsons, American Dad or Family Guy?
What do think (survey time)?
Have you ever held a boomerang?
What's your favorite movie?
Calling all doctor who fans? Not sure whether to get the gift?
Am I a lesbian pedo or what?
Edm/trance/house/dance music?
Poll: Do you sometimes want to punch reporter trolls in the face?
What would you do-ooo-ooo for a Klondike bar?
WHO IS THE GREATEST CORNER BACK IN THE NFL!!!?
What were your favorite tv shows as a kid?
what's something you should not ask for at a brothel?
Who do you think will win the Superbowl?
Poll: What is your relationship status?
What is the shortest book you ever read?
A good host will spill the drink first?
is this Capricorn man into this Leo lion?
Is it weird that I've had three out of four boyfriends named 'Michael'?
Poll: What have you Lost INTEREST In but now have no Interest in anymore?
POLL: Who's more talented R. Kelly or Kanye West?
CBB...What is your opinion on Dappy?
What can I do to clean my guitars?
Do you want to go on a date with Dr.Death?
You believe never treat a triviaility like a disaster?
\Don't hold back baby, our love still has a chance\??
Is Princess Jasmine a victim of gender oppression?
Poll: What are you Sick and Tired Of in you life of in life?
What kind of music is this snog?
What colour is your voice?
Would being a Top Contributor on Y/A be a good reason to get off a speeding ticket?
Do YOU want a piece of me?
Survey: What's your pick. students?
Any Safe Soap Forums?
Is Pascal's Wager a safe bet on a soft 17 when playing black jack?
Can rock n roll change the world?
Poll: If you were a celebrity...?
how many seasons of breaking bad are there 5 or 6?
POLLS: Do you take a rest before you do your homework/study when you get home from school?
WHAT THE HECK HAPPENED!? WHY IS YAHOO CANADA ANSWERS GONE?!?
If you were paid what you thought you deserved...?
Why seeing a person sing live give me chills but recordings don't?
Do you know anyone who is sweet and perfect at the same time?
How to pursue a Leo woman?
I got 99 problems but ____________ aint one?
Am I supposed to feel air passing through the mouhpeice of my Flite?
Because of his obesity as a baby, where was Governor Chris Christie baptized?
What do you think of my joke?
I fell in the snow what you got to say?
Which of the Robertsons on the Duck Dynasty TV Show is most likely to believe in existentialism?
GH ..... What are your thoughts on?
Does your dream feel better than real life?
What music do you like?
How to not get annoyed by someone judging my singing voice?
Can you make a sentence describing yourself using these words ?
Would you lie to your bf and tell him he had big shlong to make him feel better?
What can you tell about my love life? (birth chart)?
CBB...Why do you hate or like Luisa?
Who do you think are the future legends?
Is a gun/pistol a melee weapon?
Have you ever snorted Smarties candies?
which part of your home is usually messy and which is the cleanest?
CBB...Would you squeeze the yuky spots on a man who basically acted as if you were the dirt on his shoes?
What do you guys think about on your first day of class?
Does anybody know know some songs?
Which Parent Trap movie was better?
What is a song that contains a steel drum/ drums?
Do you consider yourself a healthy eater in general?
When is Sherlock back on?
Would u consider 32 young or middle-aged?
What is the best way to get urine out of clothes?
I wan't to watch cops (the tv show) but can't use the official site because im currently in the UK?
Who would you rather spend your time with?
What scenes in Titanic did you like?
Does anybody know the movie or actress in this video?
why does hollywood make animated series into live action movies?
what animal has the biggest ears?
what are pervert ecchi action and english dub anime to watch i like pervy ecchi action anime?
Star Trek: Nemesis ending: anyone else extremely disappointed and sad.?
What anime is this picture?
Do you YOU feel like Peter Frampton?
What's a tv show that's just as good as The Last Airbender?
Would this idea for a manga be too similar to other mangas?
Why did Y!A change the format even though the majority of users hate the new format?
Who do you like, Dakota Fanning or Kristen Stewart?
Is it ok to like classical music and rock.?
Do you know good grime instrumentals to rap to?
Did you know that by answering this question...?
How can I make my own tv show?
What does Plies mean when he says this?
If you can't have your cake and eat it too...?
Have you tried the new carmel flan frap at Starbucks?
Shutter island music?
What song should I play for her on my accordion?
Artists/Songs like this?
HIMYM - Need help finding an espisode!?
What percentage of Yahoo users are going to leave their accounts by the end of the day?
How much does a set of men's thermals cost at Dollar General?
Are most 22 year olds in university or finished college and working?
Poll:Is there a guy code?
What is a positive song about change?
Survey: What do you think of this quote?
Anyone else notice Canadian Answers changed t othe new format?
Was Emmerdale Good Tonight?
What good did the muckrakers do in American history and do they any good today?
what's your favorite young adult book?
What is it about this question that keeps getting it banned?
What zodiac signs are the most pretty in your experience?
I see that Dave Lee Travis has been ...?
Is there ever going to be a new Vampire Hunter D movie?
Why are the female species so obsessed with cheese cake?
What makes my friend very horny in his birth chart?
what is the best way to sell an antique piano?
Why are there so many good underground that aren't famous as much as the ones who are?
Were the \good old days\ actually .......................?
Have you ever heard anything about the birth control pill causing cancer?
RHH: Why is jayz so overrated?
When is the naruto manga ending?
Who sings the henry hugglemonster theme song?
Who invented Itchy and Scratchy?
What are some things that get overlooked these days?
What are some good rap/ hip hop/ r&b artists?
Can anybody tell me what Yaoi manga this picture came from?
Guess the Song? Song and artist please?
Is my PSN name creative?? 10 points short...?
RHH: Explain Why Nas Is Better Than Hopsin?
What do you think of the movie, \her\?
Have you ever walked in a washroom when someone was in there?
Acoustic Poll: is your laptop connected to speakers...?
10 POINTS: Does my story like a rip-off of Attack on Titan?
Do you ask someone out or wait for them to ask you?
POLL: how do you get straight As' on your report card?
Poll: Have you ever cheated on a test?
How come I'm not getting any reviews?
Does the Star Trek: Enterprise, Deep Space Nine, and Star Trek: Voyager crews ever face the Borg?
Have you ever got stuck in an airplane washroom?
HELP ME... What's the name of this movie?
What if you ordered a pizza and the pizza person was Miley Cyrus?
PLEASE ANSWER!!!! I will try to answer yours.?
Is the nature scenes in The Hobbit movie real ?
What's your favorite or least favorite Arnold Schwarzenegger film?
What is your phobia ? Lets face it we all have phobias so what is yours ?
what type of phone do you have?
Poll - What comes to mind when you hear the word \Heaven\?
Poll: how can I talk to my parents that I don't want to do an arranged marriage. ..?
RHH: Too 10 Rappers Ever?
What does it mean when someone asks me if I was \flicking my bean\?
POLL: Are you or a family member or someone you know - diabetic?
Is \Foo Fighters\ the \Nickelback\ of America?
what are some country songs about falling for your best friend?
is paradise kiss any good?
What is bred in the bone will come out in the flesh?
I need new list of good anime pls!!?
What is a hobby or skill that can only be learned by doing?
Have you ever wondered what some of the extinct animals meat tasted like?
know any good songs in french? preferably EDM?
Do you like Alumina's \The World\ the song \The World\?
who are all 12 diary owners? MIrai Nikki?
Why do girls not like nerdy looking guys?
Fairy Tail original english dub?
Fairy Tail original english dub?
I cant remember the name of this movie I watched on Netflix?
Is dubstep real? Like can i microwave it?
Poll - Do you sometimes get depressed during the winter season?
Poll - Would you rather swim in the Ocean or in a pool?
What is your favorite vegetable?
DOOL. What storyline was this?
Horror Music for a Movie I'm making?
Is the very conception of the replay of the past keeping you from taking that next step?
Poll: When is your birthday?
Poll - What comes to mind when you hear the word \Bigfoot\?
\An apple a day keeps the doctor away\ was this like created by an apple farmer?
Will i get sick please help?
Would you get a restraining order against your ex?
POLL: name one of your favorite letters?
Poll: Do you know your parents' birth dates?
How many guys do you have to sleep with to be considered a slut?
Why are there so many songs about rainbows?
Tell me something I don't know?
Survey:How would you react if you were abducted by aliens?
Poll: Coffee or hot chocolate ?
What comes to your mind when you hear the words \natural beauty\?
tell me something about yourself?
POLL: FAVORITE SNACK?
Anything you do, everyone will always judge you...?
Wat is the greatest number of stars you ever got for one question?
-poll- Why don't you like to watch hockey ?
Poll - What do you think of this song?
Should I be insulted for a man coming up to me at the store and saying I look like Kim Kardashian?
whats your morning routine for school?
Name a band w/2 male and 2 female band members?
What are some good songs for a vietnam war movie?
How often do you listen to Evanescence?
Why people feel the need to be someone else and not themselves?
Was this rude of me.........?
Can you test a vudu movie code without redeeming it?
what is your favorite shoujo manga/anime?
Would you have someone the opposite sex for your best friend?
What is a healthier snack, fruit salad, Trail mix, cheese and crackers, or carrot and celery sticks ?
POLL: If I gave you $10,000,000 to spend 1 night in a haunted house, would you do it?
Poll: is it wrong it to call every Muslim/Arab person I see ahhhhhmed?
What is the B95.5 WYJB Word & Trivia for 1/22/13?
Help find the name of this song please?
Poll - your fav. activity to pass the time?
What's something that scares the heck out of you?
Survey: Hey I just answered your question, this is crazy, but here's my answer, so give me BA maybe?
Poll: What's the most frequently asked question in Polls & Surveys?
Will avatar 2 also be a ripp off?
Is it weird I buy manly stuff like tactical flashlights and knives and never use them?
Americans, how was the polar freeze?
Poll: Are you a saver or are you a spender?
Survey: Casual Dating or Serious Relationship for you now?
List of fullmetal alchemist shows and Movies?
I'm A Celebrity Challenge Ideas for school event (10 points for best idea)?
Poll: Where the white women at?
Is food like twinkies and oreos served deep fry or refrigerated?
what is ur fav type of ice cream?
Does anyone know the name of song in this video ?
hollyoaks- are frankie and jack back together now?
Anyone have a suggestion on a nice place where they play live Jazz music, in N. Miami, that i can go to?
Poll- Whom do you consider your role model?
should i see a doctor?
Who else loves Days Of Our Lives?
Anyone have any good suggestions for a new tv series to watch?
Is the greatest thing you've ever planned out your hairdo?
What are some things that are \off limits\ in your relationship(s)?
Are you happy with your look?
are you controlling your life?
Quiz, How many seconds is the World's longest burp?
Good meaningful songs?
Would you rather go underwater or in space?
What signs are you attracted to and what signs do you attract?
Would you fight a Tiger with only a can opener?
Is it true when men die they wimper and when women die they blind stare?
How would you do in a farting contest?
Adult Poll: Why do some things never age?
Would you fight a wild tiger for Million dollars?
Do Guys think about Girls just as much as Girls think about Guys?
I have a single by the rolling stones The Last Time which is unusual as it has mono printed on it and also has?
Oh gosh... I can't believe my eyes, did Yahoo Answers update Canada's version?
Poll - Is today Tuesday or Wednesday . . . . . .?
best music to crank when I drive by people who look like rappers?
So wat's your top 10 favourite anime (franchise in general).?
HHR: Will my fellow hip hop heads give some feedback on my lyrics?
Have you ever cried while watching a film?
What's good about metal?
Astrology and gemstone?
Have you ever been so scared you peed your pants?
Has this happened to anyone after smoking weed?
Which artist is more well-known: Rihanna, Beyonce, or Katy Perry?
beliebers!!!!what going on with Justin b and Selena g.?
Polls & Surveys: Anyone think 2 Broke girls are stupid?
the green pimp in rap videos.?
When is filmfare award 2014 airing on tv?
Is Mariah Carey the sexiest singer ever ?
'POLL**'.: What answers have you edited, and, why have you edited them?
Recommend music for me?
which one is better: black and white or color photography?
Do you think owls are pretty?
Bread sticks or cheese sticks?
Why does Adderall make me calm?
Do you like Mike & molly this season? Do you find it getting stupid?
What is your fave thing about thumbing up an answer?
Is Corktown better at night?
Which movie is bigger: Star Wars vs Harry Potter?
Riddleville in Corktown?
How can I start making a short film?
How can I learn filmmaking?
Is Corktown a great place to live?
Which song is bigger: We Found Love vs Single Ladies vs Firework?
Girls would you feel comfortable seeing a male gynecologist?
Would you rather be hated or forgotten?
Would you wear red underwear on your first date..?
How much capacity does your USB flash drive have?
Is it true that you have so much swagger that they call you Swagger McJagger?
How far would you go for him or her?
(Homestuck)What does 'filling up the quadrants' mean?
Is Whitlock Studios webcam models a scam? www.whitlockstudios.com?
when was the last time you were singing in your car..?
How do you feel about left handed compliments?
What is the best way to comfort a woman when she is crying?
Do you sometimes forget that I'm made of flesh and bones not steel and titanium?
Why do people believe in astrology?
DOB-sep/11/1983, POB- bharatpur, Nepal. Time- 10:10am Name- Prema Shrestha (Kunti Shrestha in birth chart)?
Which type of HEART you have.....?
where is the safest place to keep your money?
Would you rather skydive or bungee jump?
How do I convince my dad to take me to get contact lens prescription?
Is there someone you look forward to seeing questions/answers from?
Polls: Kit kat vs. Reese's?
Did you know that '123456' has declared as the worst Internet password of 2013?
Is your life moving slowly or at a brisk pace ?
Dear learned ones, Namaste! Am eager to know how Saturn Mahadasha will be for Aquarius Lagna & Rashi Native?
What's the last thing you recorded?
Dark chocolate or Milk chocolate?
Does this chart show any infedelity signs?
What website do you use the most?
What's a beautiful neighborhood in your city?
Poll : do you think I am unfortunate to live in india?
Why do many people (non-Indians) dislike India?
Would you live with your best friend?
Who was the actress that starred in a movie where she posed nude under rose petals?
Poll : for non_Indians... what do you think abt India?
Poll : would you like a free trip to India?
Poll: Do you think my friend is pretty?
I wish.........................?
Where there a lot of hypocrites at your high school?
when will Yahoo fix the apostrophe symbol?
Poll: How to be really smart?
Would you kill a hobo for his oatmeal container?
Do all of you asking for T.blair and G.Bush to be tried for war crimes support saddam?
Peter Parker or Otto Octavius-who is the better Spider-Man?
What are your favorite oasis songs?
this is a strange question, but does your gum smell?
How would you know that you are hallucinating or not?
how long are people gonna moan about the new format for?
Should I care what they say ? :(?
Charlize Theron is actually an African-American actress, right?
What are the best dubstep songs of 2013 and 2014?
have you ever been to a pajama party?
What was the most romantic thing someone did for you?
agree disagree in real life, a person who tells the complete truth will face more problems than a liar?
marvel comic book question?
im looking for a lifetime movie?
What's it called when there's no vocalist on someone track?
When was the last time someone let you down ?
Tamils : which is that song that you are addicted so much now?
girls how you react if you heard a guy listening to katy perry?
Why are we not dating yet?
Will there always be a welcome at your place ?
Do you like this new version of Yahoo Answers?
ANIME CROSSOVER WAR!!!!!!!!!!!?
Do you know......=>=>=>?
So I asked this girl out, what do ya think?
RHH : Which producer's beats do you enjoy more : ALCHEMIST or 9TH WONDER?
Guys what are some turn offs for you?
NARUTO SHIPPUDEN: How does a Sanin's Training make a Ninja stronger so fast?
Really funny jokes of any kind?
Any girly teen movies from any era?!?
Late 90's/early 2000's Teen Movies ANY RECCOMENDATIONS?
What can you do during the extremely cold climate?
NARUTO: The mark on Gaara's Forehead?
what movie is this :(?
Poll: what workout can I do to get a booty like miley Cyrus ?
Are there areas without pictures on Google Maps/ Google Earth?
Deadpool vs. Deathstroke... who wins?
whats your favourite music by thin lizzy?
where can i download kandisha movie for free?
Poll: why doesn't the earth just fall down ?
Poll... Viber or Whatsapp?
What will u do...if u dnt have time to attend 'time management classes'?
Poll: Love it or hate it...?
poll- was it too rough?
POLL----What is your favorite Christmas event each year?
Do you have to be in character for anime cosplay? Please help!!?
ANIME AND CARTOON SECTION: An Island of a mad doctor/scientist?
What is a positive way to deal with people that have a problem with everything you do and say?
Is this poem any good or is just corny?
Baker's Poll: kind of a silly question but ..when?
Ellen Page is so hot?
A Riddle For Everyone, I Bet U Can't Answer.?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
After a snake eats an alligator or deer..?
Nawww! Isn't this the cutest thing ever? awwww?
when was the last time you ran out of words?
RHH : Who's music do you think have really changed the rap game the most (BETWEEN)?
Is it true that if you wear jewelry when swimming under water it attracts sharks.?
is yer avatar anything like the real you?
What are some good teen/romance movies?
poll: what is yer idea of a perfect first date?
What should I do if I hear the Joker laughing in the hiding bush?
SURVEY : What is one of your favorite guilty pleasures?
true or false you have said i love you to someone in the last 24 hours?
poll: have ya ever slept with someone old enough to be yer parent?
Should The Beatles get back together again?
Survey: How annoyed are you by ads on websites?
how does someone get to know ya?
Senseless Poll: why do people ask ''oh sorry, did that hurt'' after you've been hurt...?
Wonder if he paid the right wages?
Question for guitarists... PRS or Gibson?
SURVEY : Would you rather be outside in a burning hot weather or freezing cold?
80's Arena Rock/Hair Metal: Any songs which stood the test of time?
which one do you prefer? Hello Kitty or Hello Panda?
Powered Poll: did you ever leave the charger on even though your phone was fully charged..?
Poll: What brings out the jealousy in You?
Movie night, what should I do?
Is it true that you can't?
T/F: \Friends hurt you. Friends cancel plans. Pancakes don't\?
Green Poll: a simple question really.. do you ''Recycle''?
where do flies go during the winter time?
If I make my shower cold enough, will it make snow?
Poll: Why would someone say something like this?
why are men like a snowstorm?
How do people enjoy Superhero movies?
is ther som cool name for a raper who are not in use with a W in the begining ?
Naruto Shippuden Episode 347 On 23rd?
Eastenders: Why is Tamwar saving money for uni in a biscuit tin at home instead of applying for a student loan?
Movies depicting mental illness?
Women with measurements in the hip 44 to 45, do people still tell you that you have a small behind?
Avengers vs X-Men, who will win in these 7 fights?
Poll: What do You find really sexy about someone?
Does going on FaceBook ever make you feel sick?
Poll; do you eat first or last?
what anime do you want to live in?
I need some gangsta R&B songs?
what are the WAXX words for 1/21/14>?
Would you consider it selfish if someone you really love ask you to end his/her life?
Star Trek or Star Wars? Which is more popular in your opinion? Where do YOU stand?!?
should the usa build a big wall across the us and canadian border to keep out the cold?
CBB: Is LOUISA growing on anyone else..?
Poll: What is something you won't do for love?
I was up all night doing homework and only got an hour of sleep. What should I do?
CBB: Wouldn't it be GREAT if SAM was voted out...?
Are u Selfish................?
Should i sleep or study?
What's this movie name? related to space, outer universe?
Can anyone learn how to sing no matter what?
Is Justin Bieber a terrorist?
can't sleep... what are you doing?
in the movie catching fire, why was she casted again?
Has anyone ever being stabbed by people who thought they were gay?
Can you whistle with a gap between your teeth?
Is it dangerous for me to live in a single room at a bed and breakfast?
Prove this statement wrong:the universe is created 5 minutes ago by me including your memories of past?
Looking For A Good Anime?
if following a religion is a choice why is it racist?
Could you beat me in an arm wrestle?
Should I pull it a bit harder?
how are you going to celebrate national hugging day?
Who can guess the next lyric?
What would happen if Justin Bieber and Miley Cyrus made babies together?
Justin Bieber vs Kurt Cobain who wins?
What would you do...........?
How can anti social behaviour be threatening to other guests at a bed and breakfast?
will i ever be a writer?
how many times do you wash your dish ?
My five year old son has asked me to ask you guys what you would do if a cat ran up your nose?!?
Poll : Can you afford to make enemies?
What was the last type of Bird you seen ......?
what did you watch in youtube today?
What flavour best quenches your thirst ......?
Why do people Like Frozen so much?
How do I talk to a celeb when were sitting in traffic in my limo?
Poll: What if one fine morning, you were the bad guy?
When was the last time you've said \ I love you \ to someone?
poll, have often do you think about 'eating the bitter gourd'?
Sean Connery or Jack Nicholson ?
for a COVER :D pls read :) making a cover of a song and nees help :).?
Why ppl dont understand that apple dont make 5\ size iphone coz they feel ugly & dont fit pockets?
Where is this from?? Is it a movie?
If you found an alien, would you smuggle it or hand it to the police?
do you think this body shape is attractive?
Have you ever hit a women in a square barn?
Are iphones made by apple are of the best quality than samsung,sony,htc or its rumour?
do you think this is curvy?
Do you know a actress like this?
would you go to the olympics?
poll, if you had powers to do anying and control others, would you ever harm, manipulate, take advantage?
what is the best thing you can do with a knife ?
Have you ever felt yourself a part of this?
What are some good songs to make love to?
Do you think this is a nice body for a female?
What is the best thing you've ever eaten ?
My friends of P&S, do you need a quick laugh?
Is it true that gas is hot and why?
When was the last time you said....?
can smaug solo the orc army?
NRHH: What does CC mean on Youtube?
Have you ever been avoided or rejected by someone you like?
poll, where do you come from?
poll, I finished a drama about 2 guys after a girl but she died of leukemia in the end, now I'm sad?
POLL: Home or School?
poll, is it weird for me to be jelous of my bf for having a bigger one than me?
poll, if you came home one day and you found you're favorite actor/actress was taking a bath in your tub?
tensed and worried about my marriage?
P?LL::What is your opinion on this....?
Resident Evil - why did it go down hill?
Whats something you want to say to a person you miss or love?
does this scorpio man still love me?
P?LL::Do you know.......?
Is this a gross thing or is it normal?
P?LL::Do you know....?
P?LL:::Do you know.....?
poll, if you found a turkey that could cause a whirlwind by spining twice, what would you do with him/her?
how do you like to dance?
Will I marry my love? love or arrange marriage?
What’s the most erotic thing that your lover can say to you to make you want them there and then?
What is with women and their problem with their age?
True or false - You can swim at least a mile ?
girls: maybe if you ate some of that make up you would be pretty on the inside too?
Is the more recent 'Carrie' worth viewing?
what is this classical song(orchestral) called?(audio file included)?
12 Australian are competing in 2 winter sports in March in Sochi what are they?
Poll what colour of underwear are you wearing?
So how come you are on here all the time?
was there beach in Sunnydale where Buffy live?.?
Are my parents wrong to refuse to help me?
Where is the nicest place in the world at the moment?
don't you HATE IT when....?
My relationship is on the rocks! 10 Points for best answer! Please help me?
Poll : Does in all the home small small fights will happen ?
What age does this guy look?
Are there any websites where I can post a recording of my voice and get general feedback on my singing voice?
What's keeping you in where you're at?
Why are Indian girls so beautiful ? ?
survey - have u been to other dimensions ?
Why is marriage such a big deal to girls ?
What do you think of rihanna?
Good morning - Does anyone know the trivia answers for 99.5 WRVE Albany NY and other stations 01.21.14?
Who else thinks Yahoo answers should have more sub-categories for music questions?
Do you feel sympathy when you hear stories about salem witch trials?
What is the name of this song?
Anime where the main character is protected?
What is the song at 1.27 till 4.34?
Poll: Don't you hate it when your questions don't post?
Why are friends so Important ?
Music Poll : Illayaraaja or A.R.Rahman ? Who would you choose as your most favourite ?
do you do everything you want to do?
If you could choose to live in a music decade which would it be?
Is It Strange That I Can see The Humour?
what is your favorite epic song?
Have you ever been depressed?
What do you have in/on your nightstand?
Who do you want to propose this night?
Anime show suggestions? Onegai. :3?
Do you hate or love Valentines day?
what things are there 1 hundred and 1 of?
How to pronounce \Deine Lakaien\?
Is it normal to have 3 gaps in your legs?
What are You Thinking about \Jai Ho \ At Box Office ?
If someone were to make a movie about your life, what actor/actress would you like to play you?
where can i find this movie ?Mysterious Footwork of Kung Fu?
what is more stylish - shoe laces or velcro?
Who do you like, Dakota Fanning or Kristen Stewart?
Who is your favorite contestant to ever appear on Survivor?
Poll: are people in martial art section unsmart?
Are you currently missing someone?
Random Anime survey:?
SURVEY : What comes to your mind when you think of a Metal Concert?
Do you know how to love ?
Would you rather teleport or fly?
If you wrote a love letter to someone and they didn't respond what so ever?
Is 'Before Sunrise' worth watching..?
Do you sometimes just love to mess with people for you personal enjoyment?
Poll:.you dont want to go work today?
Name one thing you can hear outside this very moment?
Who is the hardest rapper in the industry right now?
What series was Sam imaging lucifer in supernatural?
Is 'Before Sunrise' worth watching....?
Top 10 rap producers right now?
Where is Comedy Nights with Kapil's studio?
POLL: What would you do if a cat came up to you and said.?
POLL: Should I stay at home or go to school?
Poll: What are your thoughts on people who don't look at you during conversations?
Have you ever tried a cherry-chocolate-grape Coke from Sonic?
Would you still like a guy ladies if you found out he uses eyeliner pencil to cover up is no eyebrow?
Red hood vs nightwing who would win?
What's your beverage of choice while eating popcorn?
Belieber retaliation against Jared Padalecki opinions?
Do you get all happy when you hear the icecream truck coming down the street?
In the movie Thor, what happened to Loki when he let go at the end?
Will the other guys at the construction site make fun of me if I wear my leopard print yoga pants?
Poll: Why does my apartment smell like?
Is it a major etiquette faux pas to use a cremation urn as a spittoon?
What kind of thoughts do you have good or bad when on here?
True or False: You drank water today?
Is it harder to publish a novel or a Graphic Novel?
What would be your dream sandwich?
What is the most hypocritical thing anyone has ever done or said to you?
what are you listening to?
If you became a dog for a day....what would you do?
If you had super powers, would you tell anyone?
what are the names of the different types of surfaces?
Which is more boring: Shopping with a girl or Shopping with a girl?
Name one thing that's always in your fridge?
Get rid of a deep voice in singing?
POLL: How smooth do you like your jazz?
What caused Niall Horan to get knee surgery?
pls help for removing this yog?
Can you suggest some inspirational songs?
Do the words or the melody of the music draw you in? Or both?
Isn't Lil Wayne the best lyrical genius since John Lennon?
Survey: Do you like uninvited guests at your home?
I need a list of good animes to make me cry(ecchi or not)?
What are three things you should always pack for a long road trip?
Survey: Who makes you smile with your heart? ?
poll, do you ever want to 'walk the cat'?
Is Kiersten Warren attractive?
if humans had four arms - could our brains coordinate them, to do different tasks?
Are you better at drawing or writing?
Have you ever driven and then reached your destination and had no idea how you got there?
Question for people under 25: What do you think of these clips?
Would you use a condom made of legos?
What to do when you're sick and bored at home?
If you could live in just one season all year long, would you? and what season would it be?
What do you think of the Australian town of Ararat?
Do have a good singing voice?
What's one thing that would instantly make you dislike a person?
Did anyone think the movie Below (2002) was very good and underrated?
Which country do you think have the highest divorced rate?
Where do you feel more safer, in darkness or in light?
What would you do if you knew someone's password?
what fruits are green?
Poll: What do you associate the word \badass\ with?
how do you feel about stretch marks?
Have you ever had sex with twins?
How would you prefer a guy to answer the door, wearing shoes, wearing houseslippers, being barefoot?
Big gap between 2nd & 3rd base sexually?
what is the tallest building in the world?
Will I marry my love? love or arrange marriage?
Best advice for dating a taurus man?
are you waiting on the \perfect\ person or the person that's perfect for you?
Poll: What was the most TDs you have ever seen on a question?
Which TV show would you rather watch, based on these clips?
Anyone here read Injustice Gods Among Us? :D?
What was the last thing that made you smile?
Have You Watched This Movie, If Not You Need Too?
Are cops usually angry where you live?
is it ok, to spit out the watermelon pips?
is my asc libra or aries?
Can anyone arrange fullmetal alchemist and fullmetal alchemist brotherhood releases?
What songs did Ronnie Radke do as a part of Escape The Fate?
agree or disagree: there's no one or anything that everybody likes / loves?
am I Gods gift to man kind like Kanye?
Have you ever wished that you would fall asleep and not wake up?
Is brutis a villan or a hero. ?
Does anyone throw up in 10 Things I Hate About You?
What do you think of this song?
what makes you special, are you even special?
Good Action/Romance Anime?
poll, I have a cat pic for my desktop background, but he's not smiling, should I get a new background?
Is Star Wars a good space documentary?
what are words that describe the different types of talking?
is Buffy disgraceful to vampires?
Do you think that using the symbols to make faces in text?
have you ever felt this?
I tried to run, but see im not that fast?
What would you do of you won 50 000 dollars?
poll, would you read a novel with this plot description?
What's a good dog breed for a tough guy?
What are your favorite Nine Inch Nails songs?
What are your favorite TV shows?
I was bit by a puppy a few days ago, can I still eat meat?
WHO IS HE (actor?)??? Photo included-?
Your opinion on bronies?
Who plays Becca on tonight's episode of The Fosters?
The homeowners association want me to remove my lawn flamingos. Legally, do I have a leg to stand on?
what is that occupation called in Texas, doing with oil, please?
Do you think I should say this to this girl that likes me you have the most beautiful eye lashes?
Why is it that every celebrity is pretty ?
What kind of people make you kind of uncomfortable?
poll, do you like or dislike ketchup?
Angelina Jolie in Maleficent?
True or False - Same 'ol users asking same 'ol questions worded differently just on a different day?
Which is the best:Android,ios or windows phone ?
homosexuality is just kids being rebelious?
Whats your favourite type of cookie?
Do you eat a lot of red meat?
Do you guys like Superman? :P?
When is the next season of Arrow coming out on Netflix?
Have you ever licked a frozen surface to see if your tongue would get stuck to it?
Can girls scream louder than boys ?
When was the last time you went to the bank?
I'll bet its easy to find a girl to make out with on the beach in Mexico for spring break, am I right?
I want to ask the name of this movie?
Poll: I'm 15, am I an adult yet?
Did any movie theater supply tissues with ticket because the movie was so emotional?
Survey, approximately have often would you say you feel canibalistic temptations?
Agree or disagree: it is better to be \popular\ than to be \unpopular\?
Where can I find the song from the hannibal trailer?
Are you good looking?
Is the car scene in the movie \Sixth Sense\ the scene that made most people cry?
Is childhood over at 17?
What are your favorite Trance songs?
Poll: When a person you barely know, or a stranger ask you where do you work? Do you think they are (a)?
Girls if your gonna wear yoga pants then I'm gonna stare ok?
People when it come to Beyonce?!?
Poll: What is the first thing you think after having an orgasm?
would you prefer to have - a red kite, a green kite or a yellow kite and why?
Who is your favorite super hero and why?
i need help finding the title of a movie PLEASE HELP?
is Ariana Grande the most beautiful creature you ever seen?
what is your favorite animated Disney movie?
Anyone else think Dark Magician Girl is pretty hot?
How to get a boyfriend?
Do you believe in fate?
Did you end up liking some movies that was generally panned by the critics?
poll, which guy/girl would you choose to love in this situation?
Give me a good song to listen to!?
POLL ....What would you rather be chased by?
i misd the old rihanna. I miss her old personality but prefer her new looks. How about you?
Were any of Elvis Presley's songs recorded with a digital studio?
Help finding the name of a manga?
poll, would you eat spagetti with avocado sauce instead of tomato sauce?
why do some guys walk like girls ?
survey, how to prevent having a cIimax while I'm in the classroom?
why aren't people tired of reality shows?
why aren't people tired of reality shows?
poll: are you a student?
If you were a gummy bear, what color would you be?
Is it weird for a guy to seek a mother figure to have sex with?
i need interesting Animes?
All men are made of water, do you know this?
Does anyone know the L&W CODES for AZ FAMILY, KOOL, and KTAR for Jan. 21, 2014?
Read the lyrics and name the song!!!!?
I want to know a movie name pls answer?
What does it mean when a guy says to you: Bro I'm gonna tune you up! Does that mean he wants to have sex?
What is the minimum amount of keys i will need to play most songs on a electric piano?
what are some country songs about making your boyfriend jealous?
Have you ever been tortured by a color?
Have you ever been tortured by a color?
is it weird i'm sexually attracted to shorthair miley cyrus?
I live with a roommate, a girl. We're both single. How do I ask if she wants to have fun once in a while?
Do you think butt secs is taboo?
What do you think of this four-line poem?
Can a hockey stick and a lacrosse stick be used as weapons?
Good band suggestions?
What film are you most looking forward to in 2014?
In what manga chapter or naruto episode that Ino says.....?
Poll: What is your darkest secret?
Men: do you ever feel torn up and on your last legs?
who is the best american male vocalist?
How do I get a mew in pokemon black?
How can I stop being so happy?
What's a g-spot and where do I find one?
Is the ps4 or xboxone better in all honesty 10 points for best answer?
Do you think this girl like me more than a friends?
where do contestants go when eliminated?
What did anyone think of the new Powerpuff Girls special that just came on this night?
Poll:What do you fantasize about?
SURVEY : What comes to your mind when you think of Death Metal?
Do girls usually want the guy they reject after seeing him with other girls?
Help me find this movie?
Poll: Why do some people don't like America?
Are taurus and Sagittarius compatible?
What are your favorite TV channels?
which era of Metallica did you like the best?
Which rapper do you respect the most?
Can you please go on youtube and like the video massage rap #weareevit? If my class wins, we win $500. Thanks!?
Car Crashes in Movies?
what does the band muse sing about?
Dr. Jin season 2? The Korean drama?
women - how often do you match your panties and bra?
Can blind people be Racist?
Are you moody like Squidward?
Does Steve Wonder know that he's black?
are you usually inside or outside?
Guys, what do you prefer on girls: J's or heels?
Will my laptop get heavier if I put more files on it?
women - please rate in order of your preference - heels, lingerie, makeup, perfume?
whats the purpose of buying a microphone to sing or rap, when i have the macbook built in microphone?
Tell me a time you used creativity and how did it solve your problem?
Has anyone ever grabbed?
How would you react if someone wrote this about you Lolz?
Will they finish the undubbed episodes of yugioh 5ds?
What would you do if a random lady pushes you while waiting for the bus?
You eat a lot when you are bored don't you?
How can I humiliate my self in public I wanna video tape something so it goes viral and I make money?
How is my new singing cover? pls comment and rate?
Poll: What YouTube channel did you get sucked into for hours?
Why doesn't glue stick to the inside of the bottle?
Do you want to have children/adopt children?
Poll: Do you dislike small talks as much as I do?
Where can I get a FREE-listen to this C&W song?
How much money can I get from selling my xbox 360 at ebay or craiglist?
Poll: What's something you pretend to hate but secretly love?
whats something you worked really hard for to accomplish?
What are basic etiquette rules everyone should know?
name of older movie with a blonde short haired woman? action film.?
Who is your crush on YA?
True or false: Your problem is that you give people chance after chance after chance after chance.....?
Are you dumb or are you stupid?
IS THERE GOING TO BE A BLACK BUTLER SEASON 3!!!?
What would YOU do if you were sleeping AND...?
How to become a country singer?
Would you rather be with someone who would correct your sentences ? or..?
Have you ever dated someone that has epilepsy?
do you drink plain milk?
Love is metaphysical gravity.......???? agree?
What do you think is better ? Doing great at grammer or to be a badass ?
Am I what guys are look for? ( personality)?
Do you think your personality is true to your astrology sign?
What am i doing wrong with singing?
Men: Would you rather a woman wear makeup (foundation) or no makeup with a few blemishes?
What is your favorite musical instrument?
How do you deal with someone who want to have sex with you?
Women - would you dress differently lounging around your house if you had guests at home?
POLL: do you like your neighbors???
What is your current prediction of what movie will win best picture?
POLL: ever feel like things are just meant to happen?
help me!!! what should I do. Xanax aint working?
Poll: Do you flaunt what you've got?
Why do guys act different around their friends?
Do you really think you're worth it?
Should I add her on fb we worked at the same place and she might have a friend that I have crush on?
Poll: are you a righty, lefty, or both?
Poll: Would You Borrow Money From A Loan Shark....?
What would you think if a girl like this likes YOU?
POLL: Which gender (male or female) has more opportunities and respect from society? Why?
song from walter mitty when they are playing soccer?
women - do you feel it is ok to have you bra straps showing in public?
what anime did I watch?
What is the coolest thing you've ever got at a thrift store?
How can I learn to mix and master music also instrument advice?
Does this type of girls attract YOU?
why do we wash bath towels? Aren't we already clean when we use them?
do you prefer texting or calling@??
HELP ME FIND THIS 90's SONG?
do you liek day time or night time?
Kid's show I can't remember?
Kid's show I can't remember?
what is the most boring day of the week?
what do you have for breakfast?
what is your favourite jam?
why do your feet smell and your nose run?
POLL: what is your ideal relationship?
Will chris nolan surpass scorcese and spielberg?
What's your current hairstyle?
if you choke a smurf, what color does it turn?
Have you changed or just stopped living to some people's expectations?
if work is so terrific, why do they have to pay you to do it?
How did your parent teach you to go on the potty chair?
why is a boxing ring a square?
all asking alexandria songs?
Are there any good anime series that are similar to Blood Lad?
Are you attracted to a girl if she is......?
Older people: Do you really wish you were younger?
How important do you think Martin Luther King day is?
What would you do if a kid pointed at you and said?
why is it called a \building\ when it's already built?
yes or no its your tea time?
If Hitler was to open a restaurant...?
How many pets do you have?
how do we know when we'll run out of invisible ink?
Are there any girls that like Star Wars?
After the conflict is over and you return to the civilized world, would you tell my family that I was brave...?
Why are people on yahoo rude?
Does your rising sign affect the way you look?
SM Entertainment Global Auditions?
Would you rather have $10,000 or $50,000?
what did you eat for your breakfast?
I need Followers on Instagram!?
What is something fellow y!a users know about you that....?
Is this true, and how did someone find this out?
What would u do if u were driving next to a semi truck and a huge underwear went flying out the trucks window?
What song is this...?
I am 17 years old and I believe my childhood isn't over. What do you have to say to me?
Would you be embarrassed if your friends discovered your Yahoo Answers account?
What the name of the song at the end of this video?
Are the Chinese really restricted in their surfing of the internet?
yes or no you are smiling now?
Poll and Survey: Does love imply respect?
What's your #1 favorite Mel Gibson movie?
Does it feel like winter where you are?
what is the real color of your mattress?
Who taught you to tie your shoes when you were a child?
Want to download anime on vita any sites?
Poll: why do people here think im high?
what kind of music is good to work out to?
Is your mattress comfortable?
What are some good yaoi animes?
Girls do you like \honey singh's\ new song \blue eyes\?
Poll: What is something missing that you need more of?
when you wear leggings or yoga pants do you wear a short shirt - or a long one to cover your butt?
who will be Remembered Drake or Future?
Do you borrow money from parents ? Do they borrow some from you ?
How did you celebrate Martin Luther King Day?
What negative stereotypes do you know...?
What is this horror movie called?
what's the name of this new country song?
What'd you do after school in the 90s?
What Does It Feel Like To Be Drunk .. !?
what band have you been listening to a lot today?
Where are you right now, and where do you wish you could be instead?
i think... i've run out of questions to ask?
what is the number 1 anime I should watch?
if you had to get lost somewhere - where would you choose to get lost and why?
Doctor Who regeneration confusion?
Pretty Little Liars: Who killed Wilden, Ian, and Garrett?
I LOVE Tom Hiddleston (aka Loki) and..?
Looking for name of cartoon made in 90s or early 00s.Relied heavily on CGI and was about robot machines?
What would you say about a woman in church telling her about her body?
What happens when imagination and nightmares collide?
are people with saturn in aries revenful?
What frustrates you the most on a daily basis?
What would you do if justin bieber did a huge fart?
Questionable Green Day song?
what are words that start with pr?
So my Scorpio Sun, Pisces Moon guy came back after 1 year and 6-7 months?
hello how about your day?how do you feel now?
Which Harrison Ford movie is this?
Do you know what movie this guy is from?
What do you think about when you can't sleep at night?
Has anyone told you that they love you today?
Poll: Have you ever stare out of space for no reason?
Poll: What country would you visit in Northern Europe?
I am a 17 year old who claims her childhood is not over. What do you have to say to me?
Have you seen the movie Frozen?
Is the wall of death safe? (concerts)?
is the rapper 2chainz hair real or fake?
Poll: Would you be a different person if your insecurity didn't hold you back?
What's the most effective way to make your neighbors hate you?
Anybody know any jokes?
Do you like talkative girls or you find them annoying?
Can everybody weigh less than 100 lbs and live long?
Am I sarcastic and liar because im a Virgo Sun, or because im a Scorpio Pluto?
What would you do if you had braces twice but your teeth are still slanted?
Are you a good listener?
What is your very favorite Mariah Carey song?
True or False? \There's no such as stupid questions, just stupid answers\?
who invented the IMAX?
Polls and Surveys: Guess the name of the person in my avatar?
Is \Kickboxer\ the most realistic martial arts movie of all time?
Has anyone told you that you look pretty today?
If I had my grandma on a speed dial...?
Poll: Would you want a lap dance ladies and gentleman?
Can you guess where I'm from?
What's the maximum inches heel you would wear or have worn?
What job would the Doctor Who companions have?
Poll: Is it a good idea to remind my teacher that I had detention?
do those moisturizing clay packets you can buy at the drug store actually make your skin better?
I'M ASKING THIS QUESTION AGAIN!?
Do you wear red to work?
Are trumpets the first thing you want to hear in the morning?
What's something you pretend to hate, but secretly love?
What are the craziest cartoon theories?
Do you think mental illnesses are real?
Is the movie \zodiac\ good ?
How good is acting and how good is the song; 1 to 10?
POLL: How vast is your imagination?
what is the name of the board game from the 70 s where on the tv ad, the tag line was I m the sole survivor?
What do you think about Tyler, the Creator?
Do you like cookies dry or wet?
Poll: What is the most clever question you've seen on Y!A?
Attack on Titan manga?
If you had the chance, would you do it?
Was Shelley Long attractive during Cheers run?
Any good suspense movie suggestions?
Is it possible to memorize a 1000 word speech in 6 hours?
POLL: What would you do?
How do I start a black metal band?
What was the last movie you saw in theaters?
Any Yaoi Manga's like this?
How do I stop being obsessed with Elsa from Frozen??!!?
Poll: Have you ever caught somebody copying and pasting answers that soon have gotten the best answer?
What would you do if I stared at you?
Is Future the best rapper there is?
What was your 106th birthday like?
Is it a coincidence that all Disney actors are short?
what is the song CASTLE OF GLASS about?
What was yourh 16th birthday like?
I want to buy a baseball style hat, but what color should I get? I'm thinking white or gray?
What has been the largest amount of money YOU have found on the ground or randomly?
What was your sweet 16 like?
What could this mean...?
Can pharmacist fill medications for themselves?
Is selling stuff on eBay free?
Do you like fortune cookies?
Who would you like to see perform the Super Bowl halftime show?
I'm going to make my 17th birthday my 21st birthday. Sound like a good idea?
Could I get in trouble for flipping someone off?
in pirates of the carribean why didn't pintel die when the removed the curse?
how old is Gretel suppose to be in the movie ”Hansel and Gretel witch Hunters 3d”?
How do you tell a 17 year old their childhood is over?
Is Craigslist a list owned by Craig ?
Does 7th house in Aquarius mean I will have an older husband?
Anyone else notice this?
How can I get people to take me more seriously?
Why did goku turn little in GT?
where can i get a billabong sticker just like the one that tom delonge used to have in his old les paul?
How should I finish this comic strip?
(Yes or not) You looking your pet very cute when you wake up from sleep?
Women: Do you use the puppy dog eyes to get your way?
How do you tell a 65 year old their childhood is over?
Suppose it was possible to buy clone sex slaves with no human rights, you think many people would go in for it?
Poll - What comes to mind when you hear the word \vibrate\?
Ladies, would prefer to see on a guy rock hard six pack or a little bit of baby fat on his abs? And why?
Do you like the chocolate part or the marshmallow part of an Oreo?
Have you ever been depressed?
Why do people steal things?
Ad campaign/commercial POLL: Who is your favorite mascot, of all time?
Poll: Have you ever been top contributor before?
Do you live in a city?
Poll: What do you do to calm down?
POLLS: What mobile phone do you have?
Do you always listen to your own advice?
I'm eating macaroni with soy milk, your thoughts?
Are there going to be any DBZ characters in Space Dandy?
What state would u guess has the least expensive land?
What is the name of the song sang by the band Arashi at 16:10 in this video?
Have you had a realization that made you want to slap yourself lately?
Should I buy an iPhone 4?
[Koala Bear] or [Red Panda]?
Did you drink your milk today?
Survey & Poll - I have a dream for you all- inspired by MLK.?
What sends your heart racing?
could you describe your life in one word?
Guess what zodiac sign I am!! c:?
Do you spend too much time on your cell phone?
POLL: Are depressed people just weak individuals?
In 3 years ima compete for fitness model?
would you rather sex or your favourite meal?
Does the computer harm your social life?
John Egbert god tier cosplay?
What do you think of people who scrap metal for money?
Who do you find being the dreamist lady alive?
Where would you go if you win free tour(s) to any place in the world?
Can you say \I love you\ in a different language?
Do you live with your parents?
which hetalia character/ country are you most like?
true or false: your plan to get off ya in 30 minutes failed miserably?
Rap songs to play in car?
Poll : What do you prefer gor bath... a bucket and tumbler or a bathtub or a shower?
Did you once answer \What country are you from\ the question?
What did the sun say to the moon?
Do you ever wear the same outfit for more than one day in a row?
Do you believe in possessed dolls?
Do you feel like crap when you wake up?
What am I supposed to do when a baby offers me their pacifier?
Do you know how to make french toast?
Is this a fair answer to a Y!A question?
which of these girl is more beautiful?
A question on Strip clubs?
How great were hitler and the lads?
Do you know where hamburger meat comes from?
Do you sometimes need a slap to get back to reality?
Installing a moat around my property.?
Who was the best US \First Lady\ and why?
What are some good romance anime?
Is it worth it to live in a house forever?
What is your favorite Britney Spears song?
Who is your favorite Soul Eater character?
Poll: What is your least favourite house duty (chore, etc.)?
Birthday party for short notice?
How do you like your ice cream?
If you had an opportunity to appear on the Howard Stern show would you?
Would you eat if I cook for you?
Sekai ichi Hatsukoi Season two?
To ask and answer questions in the Beauty & Style category do you actually have to have beauty and style?
POLLS: Is Trigonometry worst than Physics?
Poll, who would be interesting to follow on twitter?
Should I put both Cathedrals and Churches on my website, or just Cathedrals?
Is there a website to identify intervals?
What are some good Survival game animes?
Bram Stoker's Dracula question?
So which one of these are you ,or how would you want your partner to be?
true or false, you are taking a break for 30 minutes or less?
Are you stingy or generous with your stars?
Would you like a giant picture of you on the moon that everybody can see from earth?
Why won't my parents let me quit band?
Need Good Romance Anime?
When you're ready do you come and get it?
CBB...Who do you think should not win CBB?
If every woman is beautiful in her own way, then so are men?
What do you recommend to watch on Netflix?
Do you like to feel protected or do you prefer to protect yourself?
Do some MLB GMs and Scouting Directors use astrology and numerology as additional tools find talent?
Are you a fan of Miley CyrASS?
why are Persian and Nordic women so hot compared to the other?
Do you hate the phrase \keep it classy...\?
Survey: What's your current m.o.o.d?
ever had catfish and rice soup?
Is Bach's Toccata and Fugue D Minor supposed to be played using the sustain pedal?
How to get used to drawing digitally?
Why should I do this, if?
Do some MLB GMs and Scouting Directors use astrology and numerology as additional tools to find championship l?
Would you rather swim in the Ocean or a Pool?
Poll: what is you favorite song?
What is a word lower than \dirty\?
What is the best Christmas film ever?
whats your favorite brand of chips?
How long will Bates Motel continue for?
I got too old for the Polls And Survey section?
Agree or Disagree: People should stop asking questions about people's ages, especially 17 year olds?
Agree or disagree: People should be gentler and easier on 18 year olds than 25 year olds?
Did you know that if you bought a DVD for example, you can't show it to anyone else?
Boys would you like it if your girlfriend/significant other bellydanced for you?
Does anyone know any sites to watch both yin yang yo seasons on iphone?
Which of these tv shows do you recommend?
Does your family say ne of time to time?
New Found Glory- Sticks and Stones vs Simple Plan- No Pads, No Helmets, Just Balls?
What would be a good career in the anime industry?
did selena and justin bieber get back together in 2014?
Any cool 70-80's classic rock bands/singers you know? :)?
Help with - Air of Johann Sebastian Bach’s Orchestral Suite No. 3 in D major?
How would you feel if 12 of the questions you asked in a day were reported?
Can you guess which one of the following animals is not a buffalo (biologically)?
My fist is burning due to chilli, any cure?
My fist is burning due to chilli, any cure?
Poll: Should I make some coffee and study for my tests and do my project for tomorrow?
Are these considered/counted as girlfights?
Who is your life's narrator?
Harry Potter vs Lord of the Rings (Books)?
Can you guess which one of the following animals is not a rodent?
What was in Great-Gramma's home remedy cough medicine that you were given as a sick child ?
What would it take for you to be whole once more?
Who are your Top 10 favorite Actors?
POLL----Have you taken down your Christmas decorations yet?
Poll: Do you worry about being taken advantage of?
Which are some good Piano/Guitar songs?
Should musical bands argue?
Poll: How would you react if you were sitting on a bench and felt someone behind you cut off some of your hair?
*HELP I am looking for some new manga on Manga Storm or MangaRock?
Do you do anything special for Valentine's day?
Selling vintage Gulbransen piano, what should I price it at?
What does 1-3 inches of snow look like?
When will chapter 67 for Rosario + Vampire be released?
Why are celebrities breeding amongst themselves?
Agree or disagree: You should be gentler and easier on 4 year olds than 11 year olds?
Why does Kate Gosselin have to be so mean to her kids all the time?
How do people with long dreads wear a shirt?
Did anyone else cry when Hayley died tonight?
Would you spend a day as the opposite gender to see what it was like?
Survey: What ? Are you sensible to critics?
can you list some twin incest mangas?
Is One Direction's cover of Teenage Dirtbag available on Itunes?
How would you react if someone said this to you?
Agree or disagree: You should be more understanding and kind to 8 year olds than 18 year olds?
What zodiac signs are the most pretty in your experience?
What should I put on my dress stand?
If you had feelings for me and growing, would you tell me or keep it to yourself?
Why do older directors make more films than newer directors?
Why do people dislike Carrie?
POLL: What Flavor Is The Cake?
Would you take your gf/bf to a cemetery on a date?
Poll: What do you want to major and minor in college?
What's the worst thing you ate or drank when you were a baby/toddler?
What are people's judgements of you?
How do you feel about the New England Patriots losing to the Denver Broncos in the AFC Championship game?
Anime or Manga where a guy can use a normally woman only power?
Poll: What ? Do you like the person you are?
Poll: Men will you use reversible male birth control when it becomes available 2015-2016?
Do you get jealous of your crush \liking\ or commeting other people's pictures?
does anyone know some good anime i haven't seen yet?
Can someone help me in finding out what song is this? It sounded like https://soundcloud.com/mmm90m/80s?
Do you like taking selfies?
How many plutos have u been through?
What are your opinions on Sofia Vergara?
Good Comebacks? (Not Rude.)?
Who's the sexiest Disney star?
rock posters where to get them?
is this strange or not?
Can i name my manga characters?
Is it stupid to wear your sunglasses OVER your glasses?
I am thinking about buying miley Cyrus tickets for 168$ and then selling them for a profit later?
do you watch the tv show \The Fosters\?
Poll: Do you think it's cheaper to live off campus or on campus in college?
Do you care about the politics in your music?
My ex-wife's boyfriend wants to take me sky diving. Should I go? He will even pack my parachute for me.?
How would you place these 12 artist in order from best to worst?
Do you think Sasuke Uchiha will die at the end of Naruto? Why or why not?
Need help deciding which college to go to?! What do you think?
What do you think of this joke?
Poll: What is your favorite coffee or tea brand?
Do you hate fanservice?
Any D.Gray Man fans out there?
How long will smoked salmon stay in my system? I ate some yesterday. I am to be tested next week,?
If you were a magical/imaginary creature, what would you be?
What actress[es] would most men take to bed?
whats your funny reason why someone unfollowed on IG?
Opinions Of Coronation Street?
Do you know that if you don't fly you will fall?
Why don't you like Harry Potter?
Whats happening in revenge season 3?
Anime like Toradora and characters like Taiga?
Music suggestions? PLEASE.?
POLLS: If I take the same course next semester should I be embarrassed?
Why are Pakistanis so possesive about their country?
Should we just allow all athletes to use steroids?
If I take a sex ed class will there be lab work required?
What would you rate me?
Is it possible to became a famous teen actress in 3 years?
Looking for the name of a rap song 15 to 25 years old.?
What is a good anime movie?
Will Dogs and Cats ever get along?
girls; what sounds more appealing to you (this is not one of the wtf questions... i hope)?
What's the most depressing thing you can think of?
How would you feel if someone...?
How ironic would it be if you choked on a Lifesavers candy?
Is it possible to become famous teen model in 3 years?
How would you dress your partner?
Fear is the only way a person is telling the truth. True or False?
what happened at the end of outran higschool host club anime and manga?
Choose a Movie from this List?
how to make a good rap ?
How long would it take to incubate a fertilized chicken egg if held under my armpit?
Would you rather listen to silence than music with the volume turned down?
Is it true that most P&S users acquire a similar facial expression after time.....?
Do you women like it when other women compliment your looks?
Why do cheese and chocolate taste 100000000x better melted?
Do you ever miss dead musicians?
Adamantium versus Vibranium?
can u get me started on a series?
If you can produce your own milk from nipples, then you don't need to buy milk anymore?
alan rickman it is just a good in the harry potter film series, in the others movies he is terrible?
Who are some of you favorite youtubers (or who are you subscribed to)?
Can you rock a V-neck?
I need short story ideas?
Shoujo Romance Manga with Long haired Male...?
Style of anime artwork?
If you had a TAIL, what would you do with it?
OPINION (GUYS ONLY!!) EASY 10 POINTS!!!!?
Do I need to watch Puella Magi Movie 1 and 2?
Poll: Do you shine like gold?
POLL: do you daydream?
Is music still copyrighted if the pitch is changed?
POLL: what do you want to be when you grow up?
POLL: are you afraid of heights?
What is a Negative or Angry sounding Song that the Content/ Lyrics are actually Positive or Happy?
POLL: do you know who the owner of yahoo answers is?
POLL: do you know who the owner of yahoo answers is?
Opinions Guys Only!! (EASY 10 POINTS)!!!?
Would you rather have yellow, purple, or red eyes?
POLL: which is worse whining or complaining?
If your computer mouse BIT you, what would you do?
POLL: how do teachers graade your homework?
What is one movie you are planning to see this year in theatres?
POLL: do you think the report button is useful?
If I asked you for a hug would you give one to me?
Is it ok for me to watch The Walking Dead?
Do you remember any of these great characters?
What were pop songs like in the 1940's?
Pop/Rap songs with good bass? :)))?
Help! I am looking for a good TV series to watch?
Did you know...............?
Your Opinions Guys!!! (EASY 10 POINTS)!!?
Have you ever heard of lebroning?
Which do you always root for the \Good Guy\ or the \Bad Guy\ ?
POLL: Will things get better?
POLL: Mountain Dew vs Coke?
true or false if you carry a rabbits foot with you then you will have good luck everywhere you go?
I'm buying beer, what would you like?
Tell me a Joke. 10 points for which ever one is the Funniest?
If I was to stay behind to hold off the enemy in order to cover your escape, would you give me your ammo?
CBB 2014...Sam, Jim and Liz are up for eviction?
Who else thinks some rappers are really uneducated?
Poll: What Song(s) trigger Positive Memories for you?
Why do people find Rihanna attractive ?
Can you press CTRL + ALT + Down at the same time?
Poll who was the last person you?
What are some things that are green?
CBB: What happened to Sam's face?
Good Romantic Animes with lots of kissing and drama?
Question about the Kemper profiling amp?
Would you pay $115.00 for a cup of coffee?
What do you like to dip your french fries in?
POLL: do you play any sports?
Poll: What do use more a Pencil or a Erasable Pen when using a erasable writing utensil ?
POLL: What's the weirdest pic you've ever seen?
Is there anything in the naruto manga that isn't in the anime?
Dogs or Cats. What tastes better on bread?
Does anyone know the name of the described manga?
POLL: why do we have to go through problems, projects, and homework assingments ?
Any good jazz flautists?
CR7 v Messi? Who do you think is better?
When you go to clubs, do you dance like nobody is watching?
How many stars can this question get?
When will One Direction \This Is Us\ be available on Netflix?
What exactly is the Hineylick Maneuver? Is it an emergency medical procedure?
A haunted house, Movie help?
POLL: what does tempting mean?
Same-ruler astro matches?
Yo Trekkies, was Lt. Uhura the fourth in command in the original Star Trek series?
POLL: what happens if you eat too much?
What house is Albus Severus Potter in?
Need help writing a song about school life?
What's your favorite salad dressing?
I just received ellen tickets but flights are sooo expensive!?
I want to start producing songs, but...?
What's the song called?
why is it that when i breathe this strange noise comes from my throat?
Has fatherhood made Kanye West more humble?
Why do most black men talk such crap about black women?
POLL: what does sexual harassment mean?
Poll on avrage how many hours sleep do you get of a night?
What is a song that causes strong emotions in you?
Poll: What is the most Unique thing to cause you a Head Ache?
What did Justin Bieber prove by throwing eggs at his neighbour?
DOOL. Blake Berris retweet?
Are people who share the same alphabet guilty of being homophonic?
Does anyone else think that Jesus might have been the first rapper?
Poll: What is your Favorite Ink Color for a Pen that isn't blue or black?
POLL: which season do you like better winter or summer?
Poll - Whenever you get a best answer do you do the victory dance and celebrate?
Poll what colour of shirt / top are you wearing today ?
What happened to Polly streaming!?!?
Which pokemon should i use in soul silver?
How many times was Britney Spears caught doing drugs?
Does anyone remember this TV show from the 80s in the UK?
POOLLL: I FAILED A CLASS AND I GOT A 30% ON MY TEST, WHAT SHOULD I DO?
My friends of P&S, do you need a quick laugh? part 5?
Did anyone get teary at the end bit on Coronation street tonight?
College question! Right now I'm going to a community college and applying to universities for fall 2014?
best tv show on this year?
Poll: What commonly gives you Head Aches?
Poll: what would you say if i said to you?
Why did the pirates want to break the curse in Pirates of the Caribbean?
POLL: why is doing homework hard?
GIRLS ONLY: WHAT WOULD YOU BUY WITH A MACY'S $100 GIFT CARD?
Poll: Is this fake to you?
How do you feel about tattoos and why?
Oooh yeeeeeaaaahh yeaah: Do I sound like Robert Plant?
Girls, is what i did right or what i could have done morally wrong?
Did Demi Lovato do drugs?
What are some good comedian movies ?
Poll: What song lyrics makes you cringe?
Poll: Have you ever wrote a book/short story/poem?
Is looking at a woman's cleavage like looking at the Sun?
Is it ok for parents to entice you to a happy meal as a kid because they did not want to cook and then...?
How to convince my mum to let me join the Royal Military Police(British Army)?
Do you ever get up to pee during the night?
POLL: Is HAbbo Hotel a dangerous site?
I want to see some celebrity's that I don't like drop dead right now?
Which of these cities do you think is best to live in?
Do most of Us Indians live in Anglosphere?
What is the song called in hidan no aria?
why do some headaches last so long?
What should I do with him?
What do you make of a long time spent fishing?
Can I play acoustic songs on Classical guitar?
which political cartoons do you like to make?
Poll: If steroids are illegal for athletes, shouldn't Photoshop be illegal for models?
Who is the female Michael Jackson?
Would this be awkward?
Do you think a city of 1.5 million people is a lot?
Reenactments of Titanic survivors?
Top 5 Alan Jackson songs?
whats YOUR favorite Supernatural/Romance anime?
Is This Forum Safe Or Not?
poll: are some people more good looking than others ?
Poll: What is your best purchase of 2013?
Looking for comedy, weird funny girl anime?
Will guys play this mind game with a girl if they like her?
Tips for staying focused on your work when you're heartbroken?
Who is Eibon in Soul Eater?
True or False: If you cannot handle an answer that is against your thinking do not post your question?
What Classical Song Is This?
Poll: Whats your favorite animal?
What are some items that people steal?
RHH: Name me 5 songs better than Lose Yourself by Eminem and explain why?
Which well known person (celebrities) that share your zodiac sign who you...?
Emmerdale: Paddy Is Horrible?
Are you a dipper or quitter?
What time of the day do/did you like to study?
Y&R Courtney is working undercover with Chevez for a person called Bonaveture?
Can you loose what was never yours?
Any people that can make a free cute cartoon of someone?
True or false: In 15 minutes you will get back to what you were supposed to be doing?
why is pisces leading me on?
songs that have to do with las vegas?
Beatles movie please help me?
Is it too early to see Easter eggs in supermarkets?
what genre is this music?
Is it weird for a 13 year old to dislike today´s popular music?
Name of this movie please?
why does my cat sleep with me all night?
Has anyone watched lone survivor?
Poll: What is the Worst thing you have been Wrongly Accused of Doing?
Deciding on a Movie to Watch?
Have you ever been coo-coo for cocoa puffs?
naruto vs yusuke urameshi, who would win this fight?
true or false when you put a sea shell up to your ear you can hear the ocean inside it?
Help me find the song?
What if you ordered a pizza and it came 1 hour later?
Hindu Astrology: How is this natal chat in regard to marriage life?
who raises the finance for a film ?
Would you be best advised to show more leg, or less?
YO GUYS ANIME :-| AGAIN PLEASE?
What sign does this description most sound like?
An example of a time when medicine was shipped elsewhere to stop an epidemic or disease?
Why does everyone think that the Libra are 1 of the weakest signs?
Do you know CPR??????
RHH: Top 15 most overrated rappers?
Was yesterday's earthquake here in NZ because of global warming?
Cancer rising, Pisces sun, and Sagittarius moon?
How the heck am I supposed to respond to this?
Are you a clean or messy person?
Would you invite a complete stranger to your house?
All the s e m e n in the world, will it fill the ocean with sperms swimming like fish?
Can you give my anime with older mature woman and younger boy/male?
yo guys hr u doin want to know some animes = READ DETAIL =`?
Is Jared Leto the most gorgeous man over forty ?
Poll: Are you a free spirit?
Does the thought of dying scare the life out of you?
What (Name one) is a slang name for policeman?
Tv show on YTV from 90's-2000?
How does each sign act when they're hurt?!?
Question for girls. Do you find this song creepy or beautiful?
Weather poll for people who live in East of England?
Brief me on this: What's happening in Shippuden?
when you wear leggings or yoga pants do you wear a short shirt - or a long one to cover your butt?
POLL: Which European country would you rather visit, Spain or France?
Does megan fox take phentermine?
Feedback on most recent Star Trek?
has Xanax worked for anyone?
What would take to survive a zombie apocalypse?
Do you get disappointed when you hear tires screech but no crash?
In the Star Trek series or the movies the character Spock is from another planet. Was this Venus?
what do you feel is the most years that should be b/t a couple?
What are some good horror movies?
do you think married people should hangout with singles?
Am i an idiot for taking remedial math?
why do scorpios get more likes on facebook?
Is a city of 1.5 million people a lot?
How old do you have to be to sells stuff on craglist?
Can you do the aztec push-ups ?
There should be a bullying advice section here?
Girls : would you dump your man because he's becoming a bum?
Please answer this important questions of your life?
How do i make my original book ideas and get them to be on the big screen?
What would you do if this music played every time you have a victory?
Do you prefer summer, or winter?
Tell me what i want to hear!?
How are you feeling at this moment?
what would you do with $100?
A I too old to release my biggest dream ?
Is this a good metal amp for home?
If you wanna feel it....?
Anime series with mermaids? :D?
How would you save the muliverse?
What's your favorite leonardo dicaprio movie?
If you read this, do you understand anything?
Poll: Should i buy chips or brownies?
If someone understands you, could they understand anything, or are you less complicated?
Is there any anime like sword art online?
What are some really sexual songs?
Where can I watch season 3 episode 2 of sherlock?
Coolest/favorite(s) short (height) anime characters?
What is worse eating snails, or roaches?
Poll: Guys what race are you attracted and least attracted too and why?
How many people said good morning to you today ?
NRHH: Did Bishop Eric post me and Marcus' battle yet?
How do you think the titans would react if they saw me with a lightsaber?
How many yahoo accounts have you had in your life?
Good TV Series suggestions?
Do you know any good bands?
Do you use Yahoo Answers Canada?
I need help? For my story! Best answer?
bing vs google, and more. wich is better?
Will Sun Tzu's Art of War make me a better Star Craft 2 Player?
Do you know any songs like these?
why do people use? ! @ #$ for there names.. .dont they know what they are?
Shows Similar to 30 Rock?
Poll:out of these 3 who is the most evil in you're opinion?
Are you brave enough to go to Shell City?
Anybody know the name of an anima movie that aired on toonami between 2000-2008? Help please?
What's something you disagree with?
Any famous jazz bands have absolutely no bassist at all ?
What are some words that can be used as a verb, noun, and adjective?
Is there any good anime like vampire knight?
Do Iranian men dis-respect Iranian women in Canada?
Do you normally eat breakfast?
Are humans still evolving?
What episode do you realize that Karin is a Uzumaki?
What's the best part?
Does white Chocolate and strawberry's go together ?
agree or disagree: people are nicer to you when you are skinny?
Things could be looking up for you, here on The River Of Many Fish. Ever consider going vertical?
Is Justin Beiber the John Lennon of the new century?
What do you think about this..........?
The Mortal Instruments: Do Clary and Jace End Up Together?
Love, Chunibyo & Other season 2?
Guess the show based on the character?
RHH:can you rate these rough drafts of songs?
Will you play this mind game with a girl if you like her?
What is the B95.5 WYJB Word & Trivia for 1/20/14?
Why do networks show reruns on holidays?
Poll: Why do people date their ex's?
wat song are u listening to right now?
Naruto Shippuden Question?
Do you like fries for breakfast?
True or False: You cannot wait for Spring?
Why do people hate Justin Bieber but love Drake?
Do you want to be very tall or very short?
What was the relationship between Dale and Andrea in The Walking Dead?
best bring me the horizon top 5 song and 1 album?
Poll : Why you hate Maths ?
Hey....Where are you?
Psych (The TV Show), emergency!?
Why did Orion kill Darkseid?
How do you practice film making without actors?
Can you tickle yourself?
Women - which do you prefer - leggings, yoga pants or a tight skirt?
Poll: Do you like piercings?
How come i cant catch a fish..?
Poll: What do you think about the Kids that are filmed in Worlds Strictest Parents?
I haven't used this website in so long..whus huppnin?
Need anime, PLEASE! FOR THE LOVE OF GOD FILL THE VOID.?
Poll: Has any Syrian weapons been destroyed yet?
Do you think 1-2 hours sleep is better than nothing?
Wow, who else has a crush on Maureen McCormick?
anyone got some bars i can use ill add your name in video juat drop name below?
What (Name one) is a appliance that sits on a kitchen counter?
How to make the best out of Uranus & Neptune in the 1st house?
Funny joke please read!?
Do you think its Karma when you get a violation and seconds later you recieve 3 BA's ....?
Do you feel like you are becoming more like your Sun or rising sign?
What is it called when jazz songs cover pop songs?
Is it really silly that i wont go to my senior prom with anyone else but Zayn Malik?
What are your top 5 films ever made?
Who are your Top 10 Actors you don't like the most?
what is a teen heartthrob?
Why do some Asian people act like they cannot understand English when there is money involved or crime?
Tried to make pancakes and they came out like cardboard?
Netflix Free Trial? What things should i definitely watch during my free trial? Movies, TV shows or cartoons?
Batman vs Daredevil/Punisher?
Which order should I do these in?
Name 20 yandere female characters?
What's the funniest dare you have ever done?
DOES ANYONE KNOW THIS SONG?
Poll: your Favorite childhood cartoon?
Is Australia both a country and a continent? Or just a country?
Taking your life before someone can torture and then kill you slowly is cowardly?
Does anybody else think that Noah is one of the silliest looking characters on The Y&R?
GUYS: Describe love.?
How do women measure their cup size? What is the math behind the C's and D's?
Is wearing a court ordered electronic ankle bracelet an example of how the bad boys accessorize?
What movie can this be?
Does anyone know any romance/comedy anime that are similiar to Maid Sama, Special A, Ouran HSHC, and Skip Beat?
Looking for this movie, look at description.?
Survey: Agree of Disagree: \Life isn't fair. It's just fairer than death.\?
Is Kevin Hart: Let Me Explain worth buying? Is it any good?
How big is your carbon footprint? I wear a pair of 11 carbon shoes in men's sizes.?
Girls if I asked you to name five things you think about the most, would guys be on that list?
POLL FOR WOMEN: Do you hold your boobs if you are running and have no bra on?
whats different from paranormal activity 4 unrated version from the normal version?
Does your man wash his hands after using public toilet and at home? Guys can answer too for themselves.?
Sad/depressing music help!!?
If prison is so terrible why do you think people keep returning to it?
When is highschool of the dead season 2 coming out?
is he cute or gay????
What is your least favorite part of yahoo answers?
question for game of thrones readers?
Will my new line of Icelandic cod flavored toothpaste catch on with the American public?
Poll : Ask.FM or Spring.me?
How do you like to read manga?
Poll: The Terminator or Total Recall?
Who are these people (opera singers?) in the picture?
Say my bed and breakfast manager were into me?
Am I a loser or just a glutton for punishment?
Have you ever been arrested?
What if you ordered a pizza and they got the wrong toppings?
what is it like to be a guy?
POLL FOR MEN: Would you rather wax your balls or get head from another guy?
CBB - With one week to go, have Sam/Ollie blown their chances.....?
Do you have all the answers?
What sound (Name one) that dislike to hear in the middle of the night?
Who needs this Digital era?
Name five things men typically like a lot?
POLL: If there was a job that you really wanted...?
Name five things women typically like a lot?
Poll: Are these sports jackets insulated enough for winter?
True or false: You have been in a protest before?
women - which do you prefer - leggings, yoga pants or a tight skirt?
can questions get reported/deleted for the comments when you pick best answer?
What's your favorite time of day?
True or false: You are good with public speaking?
I feel like I am not good enough... :(?What to do? I am Haemophiliac .?
What would you like to say to the yahoo answers administration?
would you rather fall in love right now or fall asleep?
would you rather fall in love right now or fall asleep?
Will a Halloween 9 be made anytime soon that follows the first 8 well 7 out of the original series?
What is the name of this mother/daughter documentary that ISN'T GREY GARDENS?
Should there be a teenage version of America's Next Top Model, The Face USA, or Miss Universe?
CHARACTER QUESTION: A character who is a very talented liar like Loki?
Guys- which do you prefer on a girl: long hair or short hair?
Don't see the movie Wolf Of Wallstreet with your girlfriend of she will think all men are pigs ok?
Poll: Do you share a birthday with anyone famous?
Is taking the gambling too far?
At what age does a person become old?
What zodiac sign do I look like?
Poll: which celebrity would you sleep with without hesitation?
Good tv shows/movies on Netflix?
Poll: dont you just want to be safe in someones arms right now?
Have you ever got beaten up?
Pls tell me how does this sound? please..?
What to do when you'v ran out of things to do?
how many tea or coffee do you drink in a day ??
Who do you think is the greatest person that's ever lived?
I'm looking for an old school techno CD?
Have you ever slapped someone in public?
What are good mangas that I should read?
Why does this keep happening to me?
Why did yahoo answers delete my idiot question?
What would your reaction be....?
What do you think it feels like to die?
What's your favorite thing in the world?
Where does the phrase 2 pts come from?
Am I the only guy who thinks Jennifer Lawrence is not that attractive?
Why do we pay money when watching from CrunchyRoll but FREE when watching from tv like FUji TV?
In your opinion, which province is the best to live in and why?
On a scale if 1-10 how concerned are you about getting cancer?
T | F :: If you don't think that s e x is the best thing ever, you're probably doing it wrong?
Should I proud to have highest number of fake accounts in history of internet?
What (Name one) is something u shake before using?
Is it true that you pretend your pillow is a girl?
Do you prefer to be Barefoot or wear socks/slippers in the house?
Have you ever thought about going to olympics?
Someone freestyle battle against me?
The movies of George Pal on DVD.....?
Is this real life or is this a fanta sea?
Do you get mental attacks from time to time?
what is th last thing someone else put in your mouth?
Why does people give incomplete answers? do it happen with you?
if clark kent was in teen wolf do you think he could kill the werewolfs with his heat vision?
do you put on your seatbelt?
Poll: If yahoo!answer was a school, would you join it?
Have you ever had surgery?
Poll- What is your favorite candy?
How easy for you to find people real identity?
Viney bajarangi ji help me on this.?
Is Revenge on abc meant only for girls to watch?
Can someone die if they get no answer for their question?
Is this a Victoria's Secret model fraud?
POll for Ladies: If your boyfriend cheated on you, but he bought you a diamond ring, would you forgive him?
What is your best talent? what are you best at?
Poll: Do people cry when you laugh?
Do you fall in love too quickly?
Whats the point of answering questions if the asker gonna choose their contact as best answer?
My friends of P&S, do you need a quick laugh? part 4?
How DID Sherlock fake his death?
What is a good comforting soup on a rainy day , tomato, chicken noodle ,veggie ,beef and barley, clam choweder?
Have you had a relationship hurt from using Facebook?
What is the name of the anime about a girl who looses the ability to dance and befriends a robot/android?
Poll: Love it or hate it...?
Do I need to worry about myself..?
What should I text my bf that will turn him on or that will make him want to marry me?
What is evidence-based-design mean?
A ques. to anime/manga fans?
Should i stop with the jokes?
should i stop with the jokes?
What is the name of this movie?
Does anyone have a good joke?
Would you consider someone with lots of friends a phoney?
Does Britney Spears take Adderall?
Family Guy What episode does Peter spy on Lois but turns the equipment so loud they hear Quagmires thoughts?
Did you thank Martin Luther King for your day off today?
Poll: do you think these people believe in chinese material art are unsmart?
Poll..itically speaking: What kind of things would you want to do to, you know, what's her face?
Who REALLY killed Pac?!?
Poll : True or False?
Does This Make Me A Pervert?
Does This Make Me A Pervert?
Can you list me out the funny inventions which are weird and freaked you out?
Where can i download ALL the original dragonball episodes?
Do you know this song?
what is A Day To Remembers best song?
Why jiraya is called sennin.?
Poll: Do you agree with this.....?
Poll : when you say to someone they look ten years younger, does it actually mean.....?
Why would you lose 10more points if you appeal?
Poll: Did you do your exams?
what would you do if you were a millionaire?
(yes / no) the aircraft can fly for a miracle?
what is something that you could not avoid getting addicted to do?
How is this movie idea?
what is your best part or favourite scene in the movie Hachiko?
Poll & Survey , is this in my head?
Who are these trustworthy members of yahoo?
Are most 17 year olds unemployed?
Which computer animated movie did you like best?
Poll: Do you eat out of boredom?
Am I controversial...?
do you do your shopping at the same store or different shops?
what are the WAXX words for 1/20/14?
Wat's the height of your neack & fingers?
Has the ever been catched short on a bus?
How many times you goes to local shop a week?
Who is your favorite cartoon character?
What did you think when you first saw vw beetle...?
Do you think women should pay more to have their hair cut?
Can someone please explain this?
Plz tell can we use chinese headphones with iphone,or they can damage jack?
What do you think of a man who has a girlfriend BUT......?
polls :::::::Cartoon & Comics or Anime & Manga?
what are some good love making songs?
poll: what would your first 3 words be , if u and i woke up in a jail cell on next day morning ?
Do you have a high pain threshold?
Do you react the same way as I do when people are rude to you for no obvious reason - I feel sad?
Poll - do you like your reflection? Why?
Poll:Tomboys why are you so rude to guys unlike Girly girls?
which do you prefer with your eggs for breakfast?
Poll : why does a man need to tell his friend not to speak to you?
Does anybody know this anime?
i still tear up just by thinking how empty i am without him? why?
anyone tried tetley one cup tea brand??? is it nice?
What would you do... if you were the last person on this earth?
Recommend me some fever scenes in manga or latest anime please!!?
How would you react if you woke up and suddenly found out that one of your legs bifurcated?
can you give a list of the sites in which Indian people can watch videos?
Poll: What is your favourite YouTube video?
Have you ever experienced karma?
Poll : Which song makes you happy?
Can you hold your breath in over a minute?
Falling victim from neglect.....................?
POLL: Do you look forward to drinking tea with your wife or husband when you're both 80?
Have you ever had a crush on a cartoon character ?
Whose body is buried instead of Alison's on pretty little liars?
If your kitchen could speak then what would it say about you?
Any more made-up rip off bands such as....?
DO U BELIEVE IN \ALIENS\?
What do you say when you have nothing to say?
What instrument(s) can you play?
do you like kethup, bbq sauce or mayo?
You have been completely cloned, right down to your memories, like on the Outer Limits episode The replica,?
How many minutes is there during the points 0:40 to 2:14 in a song that is 3:53 minutes long?
When will One PIece be dubbed past 325?
Why don't they made any movie on hindu mythology?
Poll : Do you believe in Santa Clause?
How often a smile visits you?
Poll : Do you like sweet things, or do you regret having the sweet taste that lasts for hours afterwards?
Name of the song in this video?
How does the new movie 'reasonable doubt' with Samual Jackson end?
Poll : which wild animal would you like as a pet?
What country are you in?
What are some GREAT revenge movies?
Hi everybody, what do you think in general of this song?
What is the name of the manga I'm looking for?
Does anyone know the name of this old asain movie?
Poll : Which do you like more.. Cadbury Silk or Bournville?
is it hard for you to wake up early on Mondays?
Anybody know any good songs about stalkers?
Is Pearl Jam touring as of now?
Would you rather??????
Can anybody tell me words i probably do not know?
I think I love you...?
In which movie/episode of pokemon does the pokemon trapped in a staff/stick appear?
why did the mom in Malcolm in the middle always treat the boys like crap for no reason?
*** WARPED TOUR 101 *** ??
What is something you shouldn't put your mouth on?
do you ever laugh out loud when reading these questions/answers?
True/False: A fear of death is a fear of the unknown?
When someone farts in their hand then puts it to another person's nose, does that actually work?
Lana Del Rey album help?
Im afraid of dying is that weird?
Would the phenomenon Nick Clegg be president if he was an American?
Lana Del Rey album help?
Will Bruce Jenner and his sons still be on Keeping Up With The Kardashians?
would you be nicer on here if you had to use you real name,age and gender?
Why can't people be a TC in Polls and Surveys?
Queen of wands as feelings?
rock songs? what rocks songs? who said anything about rock songs?
A song in Bleach when something exciting happens.?
Do you agree with the following and why or why not?
English accents vs French vs Italian. What do you find best?
If you were to throw a dinner party, who from the following categories would you invite?
which food taste better when its cold?
Do you collect anything? If so what kind of object/thing?
Im looking for an alien invasion film?
Avengers vs X-Men, who will win in these 6 fights?
Ranking of Super Junior's member?
please suggest a good anime based on my criteria?
What happened to the Corktown U professors?
SURVEY : Do you mess around with your siblings just for fun?
write whatever comes to your mind:)?
Job n carrer..whwn shall i get a good job or business?
Find out Whos your korean name \generator inside\?
what do you think about left handed people?
what to do when your bored STIFF?
What one word best describes your experiences with the opposite sex?
Do you think Al Pacino is attractive in these screen caps?
What's this movie called?
is the \ip man trilogy\ any good?
When is Leeteuk coming back to super junior?
How much colors in flag of your country?
The Banana Riddle(If x is a banana, and y is a banana, is z a banana?)?
Have you ever been mentioned in the newspaper?
Is you like your country? If you know your country official corruption?
Would you know my name If I saw you in heaven?
Which is your favorite YO! YO! Honey sing song?
Good morning - Does anyone know the trivia answers for 99.5 WRVE Albany NY and other stations 01.20.14?
What do you think of this situation?
Is there a radio station that solely plays techno music?
What is your favorite celebrity couples?
Poll: Do own anything like car, house etc?
I'm back solets party?
?Poll::Do you know ...............?
National Television awards 2014?
what are some good house music?
?Poll::Do you know...........?
National Television awards 2014?
Poll::Do you know that.....................?
Physical Description?
Poll:what you think about y!a Gender studies?
Let's play guess my zodiac sign?
Do you listen to christian rap?
have you ever caught a body part in your zipper?
Is there anyone you'd give up everything for, and go anywhere with?
in the tv series Relic Hunter, who plays the part of her dad in some episodes?
How do I know if my \tagline\ for my one hour drama script treatment is interesting..should I ?
Name one attractive man who also has high IQ?
have you ever gone into someones bathroom and switched their toilet paper direction?
best website to download animes HD?
Are you fond of curedling, biting etc such things?
If you published a book based on your life, would it be a best seller?
Can anyone give me a site where I can find Xylophone Chords for Pop Songs (e.g. Wide Awake by Katy Perry)?
Anyone go the full list of Lilo and Stitch movies?
what are some funny but yet sexy anime shows?
Any manga apps that have Black Butler?
Poll:why guys always tell this on Gender studies?
if I made out with some random guy while i was high at a party is it cheating?
Who do YOU think is funnier, the \Ain't nobody got time for that\ or \Kapooya!\ lady?
Is my music taste any good? And any suggestions on what I should listen to?
What do you think of this pic she drew on the computer?
I'am a foreigner,i got a question about Yes, Minister,would you mind to help me please?
Glengarry Glen Ross Script?
Do you collect Pokemon cards you during small?
Who do you think is 'the Hitler' of our time?
Why are all One Direction fans or \E-RECTIONERS\, all either gay or little kids under 9 ? ?
On Y&R Who likes Hunter King ( Summer ) do you find her to be a good actress?
What's the longest amount of time you've been infatuated with, or had a 'crush' on someone?
If you were to take pictures of heaven or hell, which one would you choose?
Do you know whos bryson andreas......?
What is a good and very scary horror film?
Taking comedy to the next level?
i am 13 and I think I am pregnant now what do I do?
Explain this joke please?
A good anime to show my father?
What's the scariest movie you've ever seen?
Tell me the name of the band that first pops into your mind while reading this question?
At what time did you wake up in the morning?
when is it the worst time to get high?
Where can I watch Hunter X Hunter 2011 Episode 113??
do you think andy murray's gf is hot?
\Mera tota mere sahat hi rehta hai ?\ What was the joke exactly?
Why do women need so many pairs of shoes?
If you were invisible only for an hour, what would you do?
Is this weird when I listen to music?
which one of these sound good?
Do bear grill really eat those insects?
Your parents told me to tell you?
Hey...tell me some best site to watch hollywood movies?
What is your favorite cartoon?
What happened at the end of The Fosters?
Poll: Do you think my crush is being mean?
Serious question pls answer!?
Why do people hate twilight so much?
Is a turtle a good valentine's present?
Random survey come take it :D?
when should you wash your hands?
If you could live in one tv show, what would it be?
Can you recognize me............?
A little help please?
What's your favorite late night/midnight snack?
Poll: What is the most strangest place to have sex ?
What are the perks of being hung like a snickers bar?
What's the name of this magna?
can you recommend some movies for me?
Should I start my homework now or 10 hours ago?
How do you want to die?
Why does my milkshake bring all the boys to the yard?
Does anyone else besides me, think \One Direction\ Sucks?
Poll : What are you experienced at?
what converastion topics irritate you?
Can you tell me how I did in my last chapter?
I just thought of the funniest thing ever?
Her (2013 Movie): Hypothetical Alternate Ending Idea?
how do you brew your perfect cup of coffee?
Is the Scorpio sign overrated?
What are things you do (or would do) to look extra spiffy on date night?
Do you have any weird fears?
Good Movies suggestions please?
When is Naruto shippuden episode 226 English Dubb gonna come out?
What is this GIF from? *Creepy Zombie GIF*?
who does all of the voices on family guy?
Are you ready for your daily middle finger, not hug?
When was the last time you watched television?
POLL: remember KONY 2012???
What is your idea of the perfect date?
Poll: Do you like tanned skin or pale skin ?
Poll: Do you think you have stronger legs than Ronda Rousey?
Would you mock a 35 yr old man living in a single room at a bed and breakfast?
Wat does it mean when a guy crouches in a photo?
Where does Chris Brown Live and address?
Who has better looking feet Ronda Rousey or Miesha Tate?
Whats a good bedtime snack?
I want a romantic anime between a boy and a girl?
Any good songs out there?
What is the name of this stone?
Are you ready for your daily hug?
In your opinion, what is the best band?
Poll: Should you always be HONEST to your school counselor?
I want to know if this picture is from an anime?
Does this happen to you, and bother you, when you ask questions in different categories?
What Movie Should I See?
Poll : Whats the most common thing an Indian student says?
Have you ever heard the FULL version of The Big Bang Theory theme song?
Visual Novel Software.?
Why do I feel like two people in one mind?
what are you having for breakfast?
what are things that could make you jealous?
there is two question here?
Jealous possessive boyfriend: Should I dump him? Can I do better?
What do you do if you wake up and your spouse has stolen all the covers and you're cold?
Do you believe in the 5 second rule?
What do i do.? What can i do about this situation im in?
Any touching shayari that u ever heard..?
what do you will invite your ex lover to your weddings?
What are some sad break up songs ?
What actually happened to Khloe and Lamar?
How much wood could a woodchuck chuck if a wood chuck could chuck wood..?
why are people saying princess bubblegum and marceline are lesbian?
are women more superficial than most men?
What's the most ridiculous thing you've seen?
Would this be a funny/cool/interesting Crossover?
What would you say gets accomplished at a meeting of the mindless?
If Wiz Khalifa and Gucci Mane went on an African safari, how many kangaroos woild they find?
How would you react if I knocked on your door right now and asked you to let me in?
Please give me advice on Film Scoring. Pretty please?
will there be another hitler any time soon?
survey fun : Witney housten or Beyonce?
when did you have your first kiss?
Does some people try to be your everything like that song?
What is this movie called?! PLEASE HELP!?
has anyone ever actually gone to disneyworld after winning the superbowl?
What yoga pose is most suitable for you...?
Do some people just like to manipulate others and pretend they are needy?
Have you heard of her?
How old are you going to be in 10 years from now..?
Do you shave or wax any part of your body?
My girlfriend wants to come over for the first time...but I am scared?
When you play games or spend time on Yahoo or online do those activities replicate your true desires?
Whats your favorite flavor gum?
Why do you spend your time on Yahoo Answers?
What would happen if I got hit with a nuclear bomb?
Poll: What is the most sensual thing you have ever told someone ?
I need help with writing lyrics?
Is this Yahoo Answers site feeding your mind with positive things?
movies like cloverfield and quarantine?
Are you ready for Valentines day!!?
SURVEY: What would you be doing if you were not answering or asking questions atm?
Survey- What is your opinion on boys, who can make a prettier girl than you?
What is a beneficial way to handle crude people?
have you ever taken picture at funeral?
Where are the lovely bunch of coconuts..?
How will sounds like if Eminem sings the song by Linkin park's Faint?
BOWL Poll...If there were a Sushi Bowl, what sport would it entail?
How Can I become reason behind beautiful smile on someone's face ?
What is this Anime in bar?
Have you ever woken up sitting at the table with your face in a pizza ?
what has music helped you through?
POLL: superbowl or puppybowl?
Is it a problem if you have difficulty getting along with people that have only a very limited education?
Poll: what do you think about the price of this painting?
Dragon Ball GT did baby come before or after Omega Shenron?
why don't men wear high heels ?
What TV series and which episode?
Poll: Do you like snakes?
Romance anime with blonde girl protagonist?
How to spot a Anti -American person in America?
Describe yourself in two words/single sentence?
Should I Get a C Tuba?
What manga is this? Any ideas?
when was the last time you visited funeral?
Beyond two souls soundtrack?
Poll: Do you use Snapchat?
Is Barney supposed to be rated PG?
When does 1+1=3? [20 characters]?
While discussing anything with others, do you produce more heat or more light?
If you don't mind, may I...?
Which came first, the chicken or the egg?
I'm trying to find a good band...?
A woman has 6 daughters, each of them have a brother. How many children does she have?
POLL true or False...Patriots are going to the Super Bowl?
P?ll::What's the world's greatest Lie?
What flavor cupcake do you want right now?
What did one cat say to the other cat?
Ladies, what would you do if another woman put her bare feet in your face?
Why was Yahoo Answers started?
SMTOWN GLOBAL AUDITION?
POLL : Do you think it's important to get married?
Help with the movie?
What is the best indie rock band?
Who would win a fight, Uncle Si, or Ms. Kay on Duck Dynasty?
What do you think the most serious category here is?
Would you let me touch it....?
What should I get my friend for his birthday?
Who would win a fight between Rick on Pawn Stars or Willie on Duck Dynasty?
Isn't this creepy and scary (true story)....?
Will anime still be a thing in the 2020's?
P?? ? : what lights up a room ?
Are Android 17 and 18 Egyptian?
Do you read a book...?
Riddle: Which one is the liar?
What's Something that cannot be Replaced?
What anime should i watch next?
name of this music / name of this song?
Poll: Whats your most regrettable purchase of 2013?
What is the most boring/ exciting job/profession?
POLL: Are you doing well in this economy?
what's something you should not ask for at a brothel?
When Did Vampires First Meet Werewolves in Movies?
Why do religious people get offended if their religion is fairy tales or simply mythology in my opinion?
Does Creed say with arms wide oparo in his song with Arms Wide Open?
Why are girls so interested in Yaoi Manga and Anime?
Where is the best place to hang out with binoculars?
Poll: What TV show has the best pilot episode?
Anime to watch and please give some underrated anime ^_^?
How will you react if your eyes open at night and there is a scary looking man standing at your window?
POLL: have you ever had a one night kiss???
Poll: Do you ever think...?
How do I completely forget a show I watched?
Why do local cops hate State Troopers?
POLL: most difficult decision you've ever had to make???
POLL: How to describe the color \Turquoise\ to a blind person?
Do you watch movies on your laptop in your bed even though you have a big screen TV?
Do you think Americans dress more casually than people in other countries do?
DO YOU EVER HEAR THE WO CRY TO THE BLUE CORN MOON?
Have you ever gone to bed with intentions to sleep in but ?
yaoi mangas with toys?
yaoi mangas with toys?
Poll: Do you sing in the shower?
How do train drivers get home from the place they park the train at night?
How hot is this girl in your opinion...?
would you consider me a nerd?
Poll: if you had cancer, would you get chemo or die?
Why do scorpions play with your hearts?
Poll: NyQuil or Robitussin?
Jennifer Connelly or Patricia Arquette ?
Best Opera Singers/singers?
This may sound really bad, but is abortion a blessing in disguise?
what was your reaction?
poll: Is it easy for you to feel guilty?
Poll: do you think you will be around in the year 2019?
Can you write a continuation of this!!?
My boyfriend wants to eat nutella off my stomach?
Is Mara Wilson Gay or straight?
I need help finding a link 80's commercial?
Shameless episode - who played Stan's son?
Bring Me the Horizon bracelet?
what action anime should i watch?
Is my dreams dead?? Need help, and advice.?
is sun baking good for your skin -why/why not?
Do you actually think British/English accents are hot?
poll: am I terrible for asking someone to help me with my school stuff?
My friend, she's a Jehovah's Witness can she watch Disney Films such as Snow White?
Innocent ditzy cute girl or experienced hot girl?
Have you ever visited the dominican republic?
What Did You Think Of Devils Due?
How is my new singing cover (Elton John) ? please feedback?
POLLS: What percentage do you charge your phone af?
What do you think about eyebrow piercing?
who are all the female guests that came on running man?
What is the name of that movie where some teenage girl and her friends kill some girl by accident?
If you are in coma and your family decides to turn off life support.........?
Just bought The Best of Canned Heat cookbook vinyl for 12 bucks was it worth it?
who is better zac efron and vanessa hudgens or austin bulter and vanessa hudgens?
Would you date girl that acts cute or girl that acts mysterious and sultry?
Should there be a website where people can ask questions and other people answer them?
Why does my guitar keep making a rattling noise ?
When was the last time you were sick with the flu?
what words start with in?
will they be back on american idol?
Poll: Are you a party goose?
need new jdrama to watch?
What is more annoying?
Poll- What is your favorite beverage?
good movies to watch?
Is a spoon-feeding fetish normal?
Good shows to watch on Netflix?
Could someone help me pinpoint an anime?
One language that you really want to learn?
Is it ok to go out with a girl for experience?
Do you prefer a hot or ugly bf/gf?
Name of a terrible movie?
Are the dog days over?
Poll- What is your favorite ice cream flavor?
Is there some stupid orthodox belief in your family?
Who is your favorite movie villian?
Do you think Luffy will every become a Yonko?
What does your girlfriend do that makes you happy?
POLLS: What mobile phone do you have?
How often do you drink Coke or Pepsi?
Why or How, which question is more important to solve the problems in your life?
Poll- What is your favorite book genre?
What's the quickest way to warm your hands?
how to convince parents tha guitar isnt useless and piano isnt \better\?
Poll: how do you react when you see someone smoking?
What is the quickest way for me to find a valentine this year..?
Poll- Have you ever been friendzoned?
Do you urinate in the pool?
Is it considered C major even if i started on a different root note?
What is the \Sports Trivia\ and other Radio Trivia help for 1/20/14?
How do you open this door?
do you like pancakes?
who is prettier: me or andy biersack?
Poll: I am 19 and I have never peed whilst standing, is it normal ? How can I pee whilst standing please help?
RHH : Can you do a tribute, by listing an original song that sampled one of your favorite rap song?
Poll- What do you do when you're lonely?
women what is the shortest skirt you have ever worn?
What was the relationship of Elizabeth Taylor and Michael Wilding post-divorce?
who sings \love is...love is what i bring to you...\ its a 70s disco tune?
Why did Audrey Hepburn and Mel Ferrer divorce?
What was the last thing you had to do yourself?
POLLS: Do you hate dry texters?
Why doesnt Molly Ringwald act anymore?
On a scale of 1-10 how sleepy are you?
Have you reached the age where you know a thing or two?
What are your favorite excercise?
Is this song depressing?
Poll: do Somalians lay eggs ?
Do you like this plot.?
What shows/movies are these?
Poll- What do you reminisce about on a daily basis?
streetcar named desire?
Taylor swifts phone number is .....?
when do you say 'bigger is better' ?
Would this be considered parallel or series?
Sarah Lancashire Or Anne Reid?
How can people not have heard of Cristiano Ronaldo?
WHy do women have so much trouble knowing whether or not we like them?
Sarah Lancashire or Anne Reid?
I have small boobs... So why do guys still look at them?
Animes that will make you sob uncontrollably?
Do you have a gas or electric stove?
Nervous Poll: How do you calm your nerves when starting a new job?
Favorite Character in One Piece?
My dad always yells at me. What should I do?
What are the types of Devil Fruits ( One Piece)?
Can a father and daughter watch Breaking Bad together?
How do you know when you've met your soul mate astrology-wise?
real sad anime suggestions?
Are you watching the Super Bowl next month?
Do you know any girls that have eating disorders?
POLL: what is your family's legacy???
Is there a show similar to Dragon's Den in the US?
Do you use your mind to have a good time?
I took the Seattle Seahawks and won $250?
Rake TV commercial Jingle Song?
Which sport would you like to play professionally, if you had the talent?
Poll: what is going on?
Western or Vedic and why?
Is time even real? Does anyone know?
Broncos or Seahawks?
Anyone who understood the Inception movie clearly ive some questions?
women - do you feel it is ok to have you bra straps showing in public?
Do you think people would adapt better to the changing world if they didn't (physically) age?
What's missing in your life?
What episodes in the original naruto did you cry in?
How many sit-ups do you have to do to get a flat stomach?
Whoa just had a 6.3 Quake here in New Zealand?
What's something that someone could easily do for you right now that would totally make your day?
What's your favorite Arnold Schwarzenegger & Sylvester Stallone film?
What are good songs.?
What does this joke mean?
What's your favorite Justin Bieber song?
Where to find booyah remix?
When you look at an orange?
When was the last time you felt sad and why?
Should you buy used guitar tuners?
What is the song in ABC's Resurrection trailer?
Is this a big age gap in a relationship?
Why do people like Jennifer Lawrence, Emma Stone, Shailene Woodley, etc?
Why do people group teenagers together?
Poll- What is something that motivates you?
I heard something and are my feet imperfect?
Poll: does this sound good?
On a scale of 1-10 how good are you at lying?
When was the last time you had a cold?
If you could be a superhero, who would it be and why?
Is rap song retards attempting poetry?
Poll: Should I join the debate club this year?
Girls or boys, who lies the most?
do you stop eating after a certain time?
Games for two like Who Am I or Pictionary games?
Will CDs and DVDs be replaced by a download code on a piece of paper sold at retail stores?
How much wood, could a wood chuck chuck, if a wood chuck could chuck wood, in a truck?
What ages eat the most junk food?
Survey: Do YOU know how to cook?
Poll: Girls Do you wear a miniskirt in the summer?
What's the worst thing you can say on a first date?
To once upon a time fans???
Why do people who look like slobs get upset that they're not attracting anyone?
Will you be watching the Powerpuff Girls special tomorrow night?
Italian job or mission impossible?
What's a good brand for an electric guitar for a beginner?
Survey: What do you when someone throws racial slurs at you (online or not)?
Who is your current celebrity crush?
If It Was Guaranteed You Were Going To Heaven And You Could Take ONE Person With You .. !?
What is something you have to do soon but really don't want to?
what happen at the end of el cid?
Do you was.. watch betty la fea, telenovela In your country?
What makes you excited personally?
When will people learn the difference between metal and scene?
Did my cousin miss the Deadline to get his 1st girlfriend?
Where can I find and inexpensive cosplay outfit?
Am I the only one who can't stand celebs?
poll: have you ever had a banana terracotta pie?
What months of the year do people in the US have classes in the Uni/Insti?
The one question in life you want the answer to?
What Is In A Hip-Hop Beat?
What single sentence could ruin your life right now?
Dragon ball z or hey arnold?
Do you have any piercings?
do you watch Naruto>?
Popeye the sailorman or case closed?
Is it odd that I LOVE cream of wheat!?
Do you guys know what kind of haircut is this?
What's something most people are afraid of, but shouldn't be?
Do 18 year old girls look like adults (as in physical appearance)?
How old do you think I am?
POLLS: How much text do you send a month?
I want to start playing the electric guitar. What's a good brand?
How do you feel about guys who are virgin?
Which name do you prefer for a boy?
Slow, lyrical songs???? HELP!!! Need answers by tomorrow!!!?
what is your faveorite adultswim show?
Would you rather have Kate Gosselin (Jon & Kate Plus 8) or Michelle Duggar (19 kids and Counting) as a mom?
why isnt awkward playing on mtv.com?
How can i waste 2 hours?
Why do so many people absolutely hate drugs?
When does season 4 of The Walking Dead come out on DVD?
Gtx 560 vs 650 ti vs 7790 vs 7770?
Please answer why did my guy friend do this?
What's something you've done 1,000 times?
what are some good alternative rock songs/bands?
My parents always yell at me. What should I do?
Who is prettier: Haley Williams or me?
if i challenged you to joust me at Wal-Mart, would you accept?
if the west is the root of all evil then is the son of kanye west the antichrist?
How to tell a beautiful girl that she looks really beautiful...?
Chuck and Blair in the Gossip Girl novels?
Why Does Anime Have Such A Strong Following?
If some guy decided to quit his job to build a giant ark on his property because *God told* him, would you...?
do you of any Vampires movie?
Poll: Being politically correct?
Do you like Diet Mountain Dew?
I need a list of scary movies!?
Who is Django and why is he unchained?
What is the number one responsibility you have that you wish would go away?
Poll:Do you shuffle your music playlists?
Samuel l jackson is a great actor but?
Do you have any tattoos?
Survey: If God doesn't exist?
How many posters do you have in your room?
Survey: How annoyed are you by ads on websites?
Which anime should i start watching ?
How would you react if your mom asked you about the questions you asked on here?
What can be viewed on your facebook page if you send friend requests?
Women - what is something sexy you like to wear?
What is this movie called because I can't remember?
Did the Hollyoaks omnibus show the Finn attack on John Paul?
Girls, would you kiss Beyonce if opportunity arose?
what do older guys think of younger girls?
Will Black Veil Brides be honored as one of the best Heavy Metal bands someday?
Did you throw eggs at people doors when you were a kid?
Pokemon X Team Member?
What animal do you like better?
Poll: Do people sometimes confuse your gender with another one?
Do you have any pets?
Has anyone ever dedicated a song to you?
What does my dream mean?
how to look like Hayley Williams from paramore?
Recommend a New Cartoon Show!?
What would you do if police came to your home with an arrest warrant for you?
Poll: should we change north and south America to North and South Ericka?
Who are some talented people who aren't taken seriously because they're too pretty?
Is there such a thing as \Limbo\ on Y!A?
how do feel about people who sabotage their family?
Y&R - do you really think Michael Muhney is guilty of sexual harassment?
Why do you get upset about things you can't change?
Have you ever hallucinated (induced or not)?
I'm a 6 foot tall guy on a diet and my goal is to go down to size 28 pants. Is this a realistic goal?
What do Colin Kaepernick's tattoos say?
What is your opinion on \rate me\ questions?
Poll: Do you like to party WITH MILEY CYRUS?
How many levels are there to super saiyan?
Quiz: How Do You Judge People?
Which one of these 2 songs do you like the most?
does your questions get answers?
Is this image an anime?
How would you feel about your country criminalising homosexuality?
Do you shop this way?
Should I get rid of my internet, It totally sucks up my entire weekend time?
What movie is this (title)?
There is a Prisoner who thinks that I am a fake. How can I prove that I'm not?
Who exactly are these \trusted members\ of Y!A anyways?
I have a 34 inch waist but wear 32 size pants? Why do clothes manufacturers lie? Their sizes are wrong?
You prefer soft or hard cookies?
women - do you feel it is ok to have you bra straps showing in public?
Why are Aries guys so cocky?
What age's are more of the norm to get 1st girlfriend?
Poll for ladies: What is your favorite beauty brand?
What are some good non cheesy riddles & brainteasers/?
True or false: You do what YOU want, when YOU want, wherever YOU want :D?
If Gay Marriage is legalised, will it be the start of Armageddon?
At what age do people no longer look like children (as in physical appearance)?
How many friends would you say you have?
What songs would you recommend I sing to get better?
why do guys take pictures with their tongues out?
Are you a sadist or a masochist?
Do you know anyone who is staring miserably at their past?
I can't remember the name of this anime.?
What is the best and worst Christmas gifts you have ever gotten?
If you could be anywhere in the world right now where would you like to be?
I took a selfie on Instagram now I'm scared?
Do you think people that join the military are necessary fools?
Poll: What makes someone \look smart/intelligent\?
how many times is it goung to take to kill Megatron?
Is it normal for a 24 year old to sleep in the same bed as his mother?
Is it normal for a 24 year old to sleep in the same bed as his mother?
Why are there so many reality shows lately?
ready for the Aquarius transit?
What's the rarest HipHop item you have?
Quiz: Who's the True You?
Poll:Do you pop/crack your gum while chewing it?
On the iPod touch, how can you tell who has viewed you story on snapchat?
How far into the north have you been?
Inspired poll: When watching shows/movies with subtitles,do you have a hard time keeping up with ...?
yes or no you like to eat carrots?
Do 17 year old girls still look like children (as in physical appearance)?
Would you rather have Kate Gosselin or Michelle Duggar as a mom?
About world , films and Disney !?
Poll:Do you use a screen protector on your phone?
If you could smack one guy in the mouth, who would you choose?
ideal weight for 172cm?
what's the most hours you've drove alone?
SURVEY: Today Is National Popcorn Day! Do You Like Your Popcorn Sweet or Salty?
Who is more attractive Casey Batchelor or Jasmine Waltz?
Movie Poll: Do you always turn on subtitles?
Is it true that if.....?
Do you believe crying is a girl thing? Or do you believe men and girls cry?
So tell me what YOU want, what you really really want!?
Poll- Have you ever had depression?
Poll: Soda or Pop or Coke, which one do you say and where are you from?
what are u doing now?
I'm thinking of my adult movie name should be Sparky Knox?
so my mom really expected me to get all A's but..?
Can I get some feedback on a verse?
Omg, i kissed a woman, could you give me an advice?
70s/80s rock song \ahhhhhhh ahhh...\?
hello how about your day?how do you feel now?
Help? Code Geass Question?
insult game. 10 points to whoever makes me cry?
What months of the year do you have college or university classes in?
Why do people promise Best Answer and never do it?
Poll: what is Kim cardassian adress ?
What do you think of the Stand Your Ground Law?
Quiz: Who Are You To Yourself?
Poll- What's your favorite shoe brand?
If I lose weight will guys notice me?
I need new bandssss to listen to cx?
If you were to lose yourself tonight, whose side would it be next to?
Is talking to a member of the opposite sex synonymous with flirting?
be honest ars you racist on the inside?
Poll: how to loose hips in 2 days ?
Who's your favorite serial villain of all time?
When was the last time you ate Gouda cheese?
Which couple would surprise you most if they split up?
So, how about that....?
That final look between Jesse and Walt (Breaking Bad series finale).?
what channel does sherlock come on for comcast?
Is Miley Cyrus a good role model?
Just a Fun Survey, about Reality T.V. Shows.. Rating from 1 to 10..Ten is the Worst?
At what age does it become wrong for a daughter to sleep in her father's bed?
Poll: Has anything paranormal ever happened in your house...?
What's your favorite Alternative band?
POLL: If you could have 3 superpowers, what would they be?
Poll:Were/are you a loner in school?
Quiz: How do you react?
Does the very thought of exorcism scare the hell out of you?
I need an all-girls band name...?
What are your thoughts on North Korea?
Can any give me a Girl super hero plot.?
Goodnight poll: do you randomly feel sleepy during the day..?
What is your favorite song/songs right now?
How can Asuka see Mavis in Fairy Tail?
Giving away points. Know the song?
Any music recommendations?
would you say any of your close friends are brown?
Is there an episode of Mr Bean where he had to find a phone number?
Would you want a girlfriend who is 5' 8\ & 110 lbs?
Ladies, are you of those, posting pics saying ''no make-up'' when we can clearly notice ...?
Poll: What is something(s) you usually Pick Convenience over then Quality?
to sleep at night, does your room have to be pitch black or not?
How graphic is the anime Basilisk?
At what age does it become wrong for a father to cuddle with his daughter?
How old were you when you got your first job?
Bookworms: What's your favorite genre?
Be honest poll: Do you think you need improvement on some things?
Mood Poll: do you sometimes feel as if weekdays are actually a lot less boring than weekends...?
Do you know who Rowan Atkinson is?
what is the name of the naruto episode that has this photo(look up link)?
How could someone afford $5 for a cup of coffee?
Any suggestions for my manga?
Do these people actually think they can sing?
What's your all time favorite perfume?
Did anyone know Beyonce had a miscarriage?
Any good songs to recommend?
What's the weirdest message you've received from another yahoo user?
IS HEAVY METAL/HEAVY T.O HAPPENING THIS YEAR?
Poll- What do you usually wear to sleep?
Poll: If customer service person gives you an attitude for no reason over the phone how do you react?
How do you feel about people who quit their job?
What is your favourite quote?
do you agree men are keys and women are locks?
Why does everybody hate everything that is on Nickelodeon?
Are you a barbarian nomad warlord treading the jeweled thrones of the Earth in your tennis-shoed feet?
Do most 17 year old girls look like adults (as in physical appearance)?
How can you tell if someone was born with good jeans?
Poll: Do you like seasoning on your food?
Seahawks vs 49ers NFC Championship Game Predictions?
How many hyphenated last names do you have?
Why was he staring at me like that?
Why does everybody hate the show Spongebob Squarepants after the movie?
Any Yandere characters similar to Yuno Gasai From Future Diary?
Poll- What toppings do you like on your pizza?
If I want him to live until I come, what is that to you?
Do you have any suggestions for Y!A?
Does your tap water taste bad but your plumbing is fantastic?
Does your tap water taste bad but your plumbing is fantastic?
Are you going to watch the movie Vampire Academy?
What shows do you dislike/hate and why?
When you read that \studies have shown\ do you believe there were actually studies done by somebody?
Whats your favorite flavor cake?
What type of chili do you like?
What's happening on netflix?
Fill in the Blank: \My ____ Life\ ?
How old is young shizuo heiwajima?
What are the top 5 rappers u are currently listening to?
What do you Know about GG ALLIN the late hard core punk rocker?
why arent i a dolphin or hedgehog or something?
i want to write a song for my girlfriend?
Were you born with good genes?
Have you ever kissed someone out of pure physical attraction?
How do I raise the dead?
unlikely scenario 05: you are thrown in jail!?
What beverage can you not live without?
Poll:when eating leftover pizza do you microwave it?
Do you like wearing beanies?
How do I get into anime?
What three words describe you?
What musical artists like Teena Marie and Bob Marley are known for cross-cultural appeal?
Do you use your countries Y!A interface?
Do you think there'll be a sequel to the movie 'Frozen'?
If you saw a stranger beating your kid and they left a scar on your kid-what would you do to the stranger?
Who do you think is the Best ever all around Female Rock Star ?
Who do you want to be your Valentine?
Do you agree the album N.W.A and the posse is sometimes slept on?
name of movie pls help?
Any good books for developing hand muscles for guitar?
Who are some of the best Rock Female Lead Singer(s)?
Is my sister jealous of me having a relationship ?
Who is the 'angry race of fallen kings' that the song 'The Royal Scam' refers to?
Do you know what movie this may be?
Where can I watch tv shows for free?
Agree or Disagree? A TV is no longer necesary Because u can get everything a TV has to offer?
I've reached my daily answer limit. Why me?
i need help finding this one song?
How do I delete a show from my recently watched list on Netflix?
What is it and what is the Value of this Piano?
Do you like Pink Floyd?
which was the best day of your life?
Have you seen the movie Frozen?
Who is your sugar daddy?
who is tyler oakley............................................?
Where can i watch Psycho-pass for free?
How should observe Martin Luther King Day tomorrow?
Are there any good romance anime?
What are some good trap/gangster rappers that are relatively unknown?
What does \stop obsessing about...\ mean? Short question and I'm picking best answer?
I have a huge owl in my barn, what should I do?
Poll:What do you consider CHIPS to be like a French Fry or like a Potato Chip?
When is my anime returning?
Why was elsa (from frozen) wearing purple eye shadow?
On a scale of 1-10, how glitchy is your Y!A email?
Which song should I sing for my music theatre audition?
POLL: Do you feel you're awkward sometimes?
What's the deal with Third Earth Age?
CBB: do Jim and Linda secretly fancy one another?
Do you like to write fanfiction?
why doesnt anyone know who rush is?
At what age do people no longer look like children?
Which version of this R&B song is better (it's from the 90's)?
which name is better for wealthy man?
what type of guitar is being placed here?
Why does Channel 4 sometimes change the advertised episode of a show?
do you eat oven chips or takeaway chips ?
What anime are like Guilty Crown?
Which hand do you hold the phone in?
POLL:: Which twitter username do you like better?
Should a 12 year old be to blame for their own bad behaviour?
Poll: What part of Morning a loved ones Death bothers you more the WAKE or the FUNERAL?
I creeped this aries boy that i liked out after not seeing him in 4 years wil he forgive me again??
Ghost hunters international?
Does the joker from the animated series have a laughing disorder?
Poll: What type of Beans do you like more GREEN Beans or WAX Beans?
Why did micheal scofield have to die in prison break?
What Do You Think Of The Name Sara?
When was the last time you had a barbecue?
how can i create an animated title? 10 points?
Can someone list all of the songs by Pierce The Veil about self harm and depression!!?
Have you ever gone shopping in your pjs?
a question for star wars?
Survey:What do you usually do on Sundays?
At what age should people be to blame for their own bad behaviour?
Does rap encourage listeners to use the n word?
If I'm a 17 year old girl and I'm not attractive, does that mean I never will be?
Did you predict the Denver Broncos would be in the Superbowl this year?
End poverty or be a millionaire?
What are some other bands/artists like these?
can i teach myself to play the guitar?
Poll: Guys, would you ever put a?
How come Pop music is more popular than metal?
if the doctor told you that you will go blind from doing that what would you name your seeing eye dog?
What did Kya from Legend of Korra mean when she said \I have no family! You can't tie me down?\?
Poll: Who is your favorite and least favorite family guy character?
Rock music video about bullying?
Gemini men: what would you do in this situation?
What do female bears look for in male bears? Are they goldiggers and prefer male bears to be rich?
Will there be another Fionna and Cake episode?
Poll: are flamingos like gay ostriches ?
Men: do you prefer your female partners to be hairless ”down there”?
Agree or Disagree? Dr's with a bad bedside manner can be harmful for certain patients that can only?
What are some Rock songs from the 60s?
How Much Would A Regular Electric Guitar Cost In Switzerland to Buy?
Stop right there! YOU are under arrest!?
True or false: You always try to be average...?
What food would people cook simultaneously if they had 3 stoves stacked onto one another in their kitchen?
If you could have one of everything, would that be enough?
If your cat WINKED at you, what would you do?
Is Mixcraft 6 good to use for recording rap?
Whats Tom Bradey doing right now?
What TV shows would most people watch simultaneously if they had 3 TVs stacked onto one another in their?
What is your favorite kind of tea?
POLL: What's one time you were just really really happy?
How often you go fishing?
What movie is this from?
Guys: Is a girl who's a loner, a turn-off?
Gripping and Mind Blowing Anime Recommendations?
How common for is it for high heels to fall onto a person?
Poll: Would you rather eat barbaque ribs or a cheesy cheese burger?
Which of these do people think is better? To be validated or violated?
why do people really like me at first but then seem to stop?
what is this hentai called?
How does the Tsubasa series end?
Have you ever fallen in high heels?
Do you think people often lie to you?
May I wash your feet?
what age does this girl look?
Say which movie ending is like this its bollywood movie the line is like this they do wrong things right way?
what the heck is with the Great Gatsby soundtrack ?
Is it sketch to compliment strangers on social media?
How many movies did you watch in 2013? What were your favorites and least favorites?
A question that will blow your mind?
Does the gov. have info on everyone in America?
What Was Number One In The Charts?
Gamer survey: Do you trust game reviews in general?
Poll: is it weird for a guy friend to have whole bunch of pictures of you?
Poll: 7 Questions...?
What's your favorite gum?
poll: Do you believe that the universe created itself?
Could you do that for me? Yeah that would be great?
agree/disagree: it is okay for you to feel embarrassing without shame?
POLL:Do I Look like A Mestiza Latina or Indian?10PTS!?
For all you Of Mice and Men fans!!?
Anime recommendations, and also your top 10 series?! :D?
Is it true that what happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas?
-poll- What will you do to celebrate / honour Martin Luther King day tomorrow ?
What makes New Wave music different to other kinds of music?
What would be the weirdest instrument to march in a marching band?
Game of Thrones question, please?
Poll~Whats the biggest thing you've ever changed your mind about?
UK JESSIE J FANS HELP PLEASE?
What anime should I watch?
Why do people like Taylor Swift?
What age does this girl look?
What are the best fights between naruto shippuden episode 101-153?
Have you tried sitting on a balloon to pop it?
Have you ever broken a bone?
Is it ok to hook up with the only guy you have ever had sex with's roommate?
Do you like going to baby showers?
Flowers In The Attic (lifetime movie/book)?
have you ever referred to Napoleon Bonaparte as Napoleon Dynamite?
What do the legends say about how to get a genie back in it's bottle?
do you believe that everyone has a soul mate?
Poll: Should I buy her the pink T shirt she keeps asking me for?
In Jason Derulo's music video for Trumpets, who is the girl in the video? She has a banging body?
POLL: Have you ever skipped school?
What single picture-photo would you choose to describe your country..?
If I tell the world the truth, then why would they not want to believe me?
What are your favorite programs on your computer?
How would you react if you saw a guy kissing a mannequin on the lips in public?
how is university like?
Jewish joke of the day?
who are some good serious talk show host of our generation? not late night comics?
Were you ever on TV or in a movie?
Is there anything enjoyable in the Apple store?
what songs would you play at your wedding after party?
What are some good animes to watch?
are remixes albums MAIN like the studio ones?
Im always grabbing my boobs because well, i just can?
List of singers that don't use autotune?
hetalia world series episode 53 English dub?
Where would I go to get a cassette tape digitized?
Corktown rises once again!?
singing what I'm feeling without even realizing until i hear myself does anyone else have that happen?!?
name something that would cause someone to breath heavily?
Do mA add up on batteries?
Why can't people who want to be models under 5'9 be a runway model?
Which country would win a nuclear and biochemical war russia wit china or America with England?
Are there any adults who still enjoy watching cartoons and has anyone said your'e too old for cartoons?
Can I march the Ocarina in a marching band?
I need a recommendation for a fighting anime?
What are some good songs by Genesis, Peter Gabriel, Phil Collins, and Mike + the Mechanics?
Survey: How important is a person's education background and job profession when looking for a significant?
Which Roman god or goddess is most like Scorpio?
What is the song on the midnight beast e4 ad?
What should I name my OC?
black & white movie of a monster that rode on top of a train?
Please help! Calling yaoi fans!?
Random Obama references are so funny and just make you feel happier. Don't they :)?
name a reason someone would moan?
do you take pride in being capable, or find yourself saying \sorry, i don't know how\ alot?
Are these rockers bad boys or CIA poseys good boys?
Line 6 amps: Why do people always hate on them??
Have you ever been drunk or took a little sip of beer/wine/spirit?
When was the last time someone told you to grow up?
UK or USA - Where would you live?
Do u think rapper eminem a gangsta?
POLL---Are you watching the football games with anyone else today?
How much should I sell an autographed picture for?
Whats this show from the 90s?
Given the opportunity, how many children would you have with Gwen Stefani?
Regular cream cheese or strawberry cream cheese for your bagel?
Poll - Do you go to church on Sunday's?
Basketball or American Football?
I want to download Shane Harper song \let's take the world tonight\ mp3, please?
Who is your favorite one direction member and why mine is Zayn?
What is the reason that Senju brothers(Hashirama and Tobirama) can't bring out their true strength?
For the right price would you be the poster child of a product that prevents painful gas and bloating?
When will pitch perfect be on netflix?
Why were People more naturally thin in the 1950s, 60s, 70s despite fast food and lack of exercise?
Anyone Know a high quality Hentei that isnt sex after sex and isnt all blurry if you can.?
If I shed light through the darkness so youd see the path, would u follow it or would u remain in the dark?
Please suggest some old giant creature horror/sci fi flicks?
City of Bones curiosity?
How would you describe yourself?
Who is one actor/actress you cant picture ever playing a bad guy?
Any good movie to suggest? :)?
Does it work for you?
POLL: Would you prefer to own an iPhone or a Galaxy mobile?
What is the best way to explain what a Pun is to an 11 year old?
What is your favorite type of cookie?
do you stand for the national anthem? even if its on tv and your alone?
What Does The Fox Say?
Anyone follow back on tumblr?
What's the name of this song?
What would you do, if, suddenly, a gnat?
What would you do if you couldn't stop?
Are there any relations between all the Americans Pies?
Why do Virgo's act like they are?
Are thick socks more feminine or sheer shocks?
how do you feel when you get rejected for sex?
What are the qualifications for being selected as the most interesting man in the world and who judges?
Poll: Do you wanna build a snowman?
Do you think Harry Styles and Kendall Jenner are dating?
Would you like to your best joke ? 10 points for sure?
Do you think Harry Styles and Kendall Jenner are dating?
Will the world be ready to receive my msg? Or will they mock me first and doubt?
Survey - Would you let Michael Myers brush your hair for you?
Poll: Don't you hate watching movies with people who just talk halfway?
Why is there no one for Aries woman?
If s e x is really good with a woman, what are the odds of a man marrying that woman solely for s e x?
Why do we sometimes wish impossible things?
What is a good CD to give to a girl on Valentines Day?
Should I watch the Monster anime, or read the Monster manga?
Have you had your birthday yet this year?
On what soap did Frank Valentini and Ron Carlivati work together as showrunners before joining GH?
Clips for innuendo bingo ?
Why isn't Justin Bieber getting arrested?
On GH, how are Ava and Sam related to each other?
Are you planning on attending your funeral?
Will you be watching the Winter Olympics this year?
How did you lose your virginity? If not how do you want to lose it?
Famous quotes by celebrities about suicide?
Guys: Do you want a girl with a short skirt and a long jacket?
If a musician makes a Christmas album, does that mean their career is at an end?
can someone list superheros with red/reddish blonde/reddish brown hair?
Poll: What are you craving for?
What if you orderd a pizza and the pizza person was Ariana Grande?
Why do some adults go crazy over a small increase in the price of gas?
Do you think its sad if someone never gets married? or is that not sad at all?
Do you think suicide is \selfish\?
Why is this taurus flirting with the guy I like?
Were OASIS (the rock band) over-rated or under-rated?
Why is nothing fun anymore?
What could be causing the taste of blood in my mouth?
Poll: Would you rather listen to Rock or Country music?
Is this affirmation true \Nobody likes lonely people\?
Poll: is you wake up at this time..what time will you sleep at?
Do you thumb up an answer for yourself or for who do you do it?
What are some extremely disturbing psychological movies like \Sinister\ (2012)?
Whats the name of this reality TV show?
Can't find the movie!?
What is the dance\\techno band called Audio.... something. Not audioslave?
5sos tumblr name ideas? :)?
Is it awkward for a woman to have flat feet?
If you can go back in time would you?
How strong will be the temptation to open the fridge if it is full of sweets and desserts; 1 to 10?
Poll: How is your New Years so Far?
When did you graduate from high school?
Poll: Is your username your real name....?
Poll: What is your all time best snack?
How cute is Hansika Motwani; 1 to 10?
Poll~Does anyone else do this?
I have 3 simple questions for you(10 points for complete answer)?
Poll: Who do you predict to advance to the SuperBowl?
Are you tired that friends on Facebook invites you to play Candycrush?
Just saw that \Madonna\ used the go to jail \N-word\, should she have to pay for that?
what is a street level superheroe?
How would you feel if this was your life?
Has anyone ever felt like they wanted to send you to the moon and said so?
ok so does this make sense.?
Poll: so are we or aren't we doing this rap feud thing ?
what does the song roar by katy perry mean?
Girls What Do You Think About Mick Jagger?
What is your favorite emoticon?
What do u have? cable or satellite television?
Waht rock song has a video of the band going to the building site and going up in a lift and playing on top?
what's a good song from either 2012 or 2013 that's meaning is to be yourself?
Through love,through friendship?
Can I have/make a sign for the Taylor Swift concert London 02 if I have floor seats?
Could someone please provide a transcript for either of these?
Help with the meaning of this line in wiz khalifa song roll up?
Poll: rickeys stupid... He thinks he's gangsta but realy ....?
Have you ever gotten to know someone and then they do a 180 on their personality?
any ideas for a song?
What would you say if I told you?
What is the release date of season 2 of: High school of the dead. Attack on titan(shingeki no kyojin, and SAO?
what was the song on that car commercial where that girl is changing a tire?
Airplanes bob song meaning?
Why is Michelle so stupid?
What's the last thing that made you laugh?
Would you be incapable of making instant oatmeal?
Are you single, married or taken?
Ain't nobody got time for..?
Kendrick lamar control freestyle?
Shania Twain Concert Virgin Mobile Presale code?
Celine dion music just wondering?
Where do you expect to be at age 40?
If you had a choice of living in So.Korea, Germany or the UK, which would you choose?
Is it bad to punch myself in the face until I bleed?
Can you help me find this French movie about a rich invalid and his black caretaker?
Do you cook your food, take away, your mum cooks or you have a chef?
Do you know the difference between traction and propulsion?
True or False: You went to an all girls school?
What's your relationship like with your mother?
what do you have with your Chips?
Did you ever arm wrestle any of your teachers when you were in school?
Why do you use yahoo answers?
Do you get mischievous everyday?
Aren't the popular kids the smart, preppy ones and not the jocks?
Are you living your life as you want to?
Poll~How many members do you think yahoo...?
Survey:How would you react if I came up to you and started poking you?
Poll: Question for ppl who live/have lived in a US ghetto?
Do you know your blood type?
I am 18 and want to know about my career?
who is this superhero? *pic*?
What show is this? (genre is police/drama, I believe)?
What? Are you living your life as you want to?
when covering a song...?
When someone hurts you, do you seek revenge?
Do you have a love-hate relationship with anyone?
Survey: What stereotype do you seem to fit in?
Astrologers: How to become lucky?
What are some songs with literary/poetic devices in them?
Are you over your ex yet?
Where can I watch The Carrie Dairies?
movies, in the movie Cloud Atlas, did you get the idea that Homosexuality is being propagandized falsely?
What video game soundtrack do you like?
Poll: Do you have any tattoos or piercings?
did Morpheous LIE when he said if you take the blue pill everything will end and be forgotten?
polls: what is the best state in the US?
Poll : Old version Y!A or New version Y!A what do you prefer ?
Are baseball caps supposed to be a comfort type of accessory? I find them to be carrying extra weight around?
Tips for talking to this Aquarius man?!?
what are the best michael jackson lyrics ?
What is name of this movie? Please Please?
I miss the old Y!A. Ya know, the green version?
Poll: Do you like surprises?
How to become a good lead guitar player?
Why am i so h o r n y last few days? Something going on in my body?
are you in a relationship right now?
Survey: What do you GENERALLY compliment people on?
What is best valentines day song to play (rock/jazz)?Is there a website that gives sheet music for dif.parts?
What are some cliché boy meets girl movies?
I want to know about my career?
How upsetting is it when you tell someone something, and they don't react in the way you anticipated?
Poll: What would you rather be doing right now?
What is wrong with joking around?
What makes someone miss you?
What are some of your wild predictions for the next 20 years?
Do people compliment ugly people on their looks just out of sympathy?
Poll: Whats your Zodiac sign?
What is a good price of rent.?
what is something really meaningful to you?
POLL: If your group of friends got invited to someone's birthday celebrations but you didn't...?
Should she be featured in a rap video?
why am i so short? im 14!?
What are the benefits of being ugly?
What is the most useful information you ever gave to a stranger?
WHy do you have to call shotgun when entering the front of the car?
What are some cynical love songs?
Would you have sex with your partner while your parents are in the house?
Should Justin Bieber get deported back to Canada?
Do you like the song E.T. by Katy Perry with Kanye West in it?
Is there going to be a Black Butler Season 3?
Is it weird I think Alex Jones is really hot?
Is pinhead Larry suspended still scared to go to the aquarium?
Poll~My cat is sleeping on my bed...?
Why da celebrities so fake?
What keeps going on and on and on without a break?
Did you smoke hookah before ?
Have you ever bitten off more than you could chew, or only enough to swallow?
which would you prefer: Android robot or humanoid robot?
What do you think of this gift a friend gave me the other day? Is it cute?
What zodiac sign do i look like i would be? (Picture)?
Why do people think is sexist to ask about what anime females watch?
Is there any great jazz acoustic piece or song?
What's the worst gift you ever got on Valentines Day ?
Can i start to watch fate/zero rather than fate/stay night?
Are you sad because your questions are not getting posted?
Some blues songs to learn on acoustic. old or new? pls suggest.?
what would you do? would you try it anyways ?
What's her name help me find her name she is hot!!?
similar artist to van halen?
What do you do when you fixed something for someone and they won't pay you for the job that you did?
Stalking Poll : What are some of the most hilarious stuff you've read on people's profiles?
Do you get hurt when a guy seemed to be your friend, but then turns out he wanted more?
Do grammar nazis live boring lives?
If Justin Bieber egged your house and he was made to come and clean up the mess, what clothes should he wear?
Does anybody know the Hawaii life theme song?
Don't you hate it when you can't read your teacher's handwriting?
japani poll, it true that japanese people always carry samurai sword with them?
Did you forget yours? Did you take a pencil?
What is your fondest memory of two weeks ago?
anyone notice how so many people in the entertainment business?
i think i was scalped your opinion please?
Astrology of mother teresa: Massive hypocrite and massive greed - Sun in Virgo, moon in Taurus?
Hey, hey, what can I do?
I have a question for anime lovers...?
Has anyone ever given you a kitten or puppy as a present?
any good anime recommendations with good first impression episodes, and whats your top 5 anime series? =)?
When girls say they don't mind outward appearance, do they really mean it?
Plot holes in Superman Unbound?
Need depressing music help?
Hm? What time is it around there?
True or False? There's no such thing as stupid questions. Just stupid answers?
Cant figure out name of movie?
Do you dare to look at a user's avatar?
Do you want to be the next entrepreneur of a company?
POLL: True Or False: You can't keep the wheel turning any more with anger, blood and fear...?
Polls and Surveys: Something weird just happened?
What do the lyrics mean in this song?
Women - what is something sexy you like to wear?
Poll :: T/F - Bollywood movies are a treat to watch ?
Poll : What makes you getting frustrated with no reason , for reaching any goal ?
ANY YAOI WATCHERS, THIS QUESTION IS FOR YOU?
Poll : have you ever known someone who got severely sunburned from suntanning?
10 Points: Familiar of Zero ?
All You Me At Six songs?
Should America fear Madonna's tough-looking son Rocco?
do you really think guns are the most common cause of accidental death? statistically !?
When you have dinner at home do all your plates match when you serve the food or do just grab what's clean?
If Gov. Chris Christie lost 119 lbs. and changed his name to Lucas Christie would you like him even more?
THOSE OF YOU WHO WATCH EASTENDERS.....?
Gold or Space Gray iPhone 5S?
List of Artists and songs that make no sense?
whats the name of that movie starring Tom Hanks?
can anyone put a link to dwnld DR DRE 2001(320kbps).ZIP?
Three of the most dangerous Weapons of the Crime War today are 1. Praying For Persons to die with electronics,?
What's the name of this movie?
Aspiring actors/actresses Poll: Would you go nude and make out with the same sex in your first movie?
if u were a ghost who would u haunt...?
CapturedTracks, BurgerRecords, what are some other good labels or websites to find good music?
Should I get this watch or this exercise bike ?
Why is Television called an idiot box ?
Poll : Disagree or agree ?
How do you describe \bitching\ polietly?
Why do people like Jennifer Lawrence?
What ethnicity do I look most?
What instrument should I choose to get in an orchestra?
Help advice what's your opinion?
Polls and Surveys: what is one of your passions?
Does my character sound stupid?
Which chinese zodiac signs are two faced & gossipy ?
True or False ...Everyone has Her / His own particular part to play in life....?
Do you know I would walk a thousand miles if I could just see you tonight?
Poll:women do you your brain is smaller than men's brain?
Poll: Do you watch movies on Viooz?
where can i watch the dumping ground?
How can I meet Cate Blanchett and tell her my fantasies about her?
Any movies about music?
Why don't women realize that education level and job profession in a female is very important to us guys?
What happens when a handsome man walks into a room full of women?
Which zodiac signs are two-faced & gossipy ?
Did you know we can find our roots based on the shapes of our toes!?
What Mariah Carey album should I buy a girl for Valentines Day?
Do people notice how the eyebrows look, more often than we think?
whats some good films to watch?
Would you rather live sadly is a world of happiness or happily in a world of sadness?
Is it possible to fall in love with a person who smells real bad?
Does anyone know what anime this is from??
How can I get over my celebrity obsession?
mickingjay. film (trilogia hunger games)?
What animal would you rather be?
Moon in leo lagna predictions?
Poll : Why English people always concentrate on grammars ?
What anime is this from??!?
I the film Great Escape.?
Funny pranks to pull on my neighbor?
Is eating 5 fruits EVERY SINGLE DAY bad for you?
Talking about the women in your life sexually is betrayal - agree/disagree?
Would you rather be a fairy or a mermaid?
If any two can can-can, can any toucan can-can, too?
Are you more of a herb or a spice ?
Poll : Disagree or agree ?
dont you hate when you lose something and when you find it.. it is in the last place you looked?
Help for Hatsune Miku cosplay!!?
(best gets 10 points) any good deathcore or metalcore with a female singer like \eThs\?
how would you feel if your bestfriend....?
What's the funniest rumor you've ever heard about YOURSELF?
I need help finding a movie, its a comedy where a family goes to buy a home and the owners keep taking things?
What is one of the best (John Prine) songs?
Do you believe in yourself than what others think of you?
Tranlate this song, anyone?
True or false: You dont usually lose your phone but when you do it's on silent :|?
i saw this ad on Y!A a year ago and it was so super cute. what do you think?
Poll: How to end a rumor?
What is one of the best thinga about California?
What is one of the best things about the state of Florida?
Girls do you cry over stupid things when ur due ur period?
poll, from them which u like more?
Girls : What type of guy do u like to dance with ?
How would you describe Joker from the movie The Dark Knight?
what order do the films outpost go ?
How will I know if the answer is Yes?
Are kids who were brought up on Barney in the 1990s and Teletubbies in the 2000s progressively dumber?
Poll: Omg...What do you think of my buff Hi Tops?
Help ID R&B love ballad from the 80s...?
Do you give credit where credit is do or do you take all for yourself?
Whats wrong with me?????? ://////!!!!!?
Do you was know if coca cola...?
Need some help with becoming a dj?
Poll: Is it sad that I have a D+ in Health/P.E but all my other grades are A's and B's?
How old were you when you got interested in dragon ball?
@ your young age was there something you never noticed?
Need some new songs about being lonely, betrayed, sick of people, etc.?
need help finding a movie?
What animal best represents you?
Poll - Do you like poor people?
What should I wear to a movie date?
how come my edit answer thingy aint working :| ?
Where does episode 176 of the anime pick up in the manga? FAIRYTAIL?
WHERE CAN I FIND ALL THE EPISODES OF A CARTOON CALLED H2O?
Do you believe in second chances?
Do you like seeing star at night?
Modern movies set in the '40s?
Where can I download the 86th Academy Awards (2014 Oscars)?
Which Buffy the vampire slayer cast member looks the closet to when they were originally on the show?
What kind of people do you think are worth helping when they need help?
What's one thing Facebook teaches you?
if you used you color of your pants and the last thing you ate either order what would the name of your band?
What are the best types of movies to watch on Christmas?
What are the best types of movies to watch on Christmas?
True or False: Emil Gilels is better than Glenn Gould?
Eastenders. In the poker game which Alfie was seen to win?
What are some things that women can get away with that men can't?
A Plane can fly...it is a miracle..or...?
Hey there, how are you?
Survey: Have you ever donated blood?
where can i find all the episodes of a cartoon?
What is your favorite Beethoven Sonata?
If you were given a free trip to the moon... then what stuff would you carry with you?
What is color do you like in wall your badroom?
Do you do anything to your body because your partner likes it but you wont do it normally?
What was that movie called?
Does the little girl/boy in \Goodbye Blue Sky\ sound like those unicorns in Charlie in the Unicorn?
Poll: True/False????????
Poll;What is the one food without which your life wouldn't be the same?
When you doodle, what do you doodle, and what do you think it means?
Have you ever witnessed or been part of a heavy religious ritual?
who is your favorite rapper and why?
What is the food of love?
What is the name of the CD?
What's the funniest rumor you have heard about yourself?
What picture is this anime from?
who looks a lot like paul walker?
How did you become the echo of your past?
Do you prefer spaghetti with or without meatballs?
Is it true that when you fall in love, they are the most beautiful/handsome person in your eyes?
leo lagna characters?
What college/university did you attend?
cancer lagna characters?
What are you fishing for? ^_^?
gemini lagna characters?
taurus lagna characters?
aries lagna characters?
If you could change one thing about your apperance what would that be?
Poll~What song has a big affect on you when you hear it?
What was your favorite band that defines you?
Do you ever wonder if soap opera writers are on drugs?
When will our eyes meet and when will you hold me, again?
When you found love, were you looking for it?
Women's Slipknot Tees?
What colour of hair did this customer have?
So when are all the useless waste of space people moving to Denver Colorado?
Good country female singers?
What does illuminati mean ?
Are you more likely to give a top contributor the best answer?
How to get over a scay movie?
How and when was your first kiss?
do you miss the days when gay meant happy and a coke was something you drank?
Do you care that Obama's marriage is on the rocks according to reports?
Are you a happy camper or a debby downer?
True or False: You have a friend who always gives you great advice?
What is you pet name for boobies?
How do I become the Green Goblin?
What was the last song you lsitened to?
Which of these is the most powerful?
Do you judge people by how clean their dogs are?
What glasses does James Franco wear in Howl?
What are african american bands from the 60's and 50's?
What was the last movie you watched?
Poll: Are you indecisive sometimes?
How honest was this man?
Can you please tell me which manga was this!!?
Last movie you watched...?
Are you a real dead ringer for Love?
When you sit on the toilet backwards and eat breakfast on the back lid?
What are bluebirds from the song?
what is the name of this very famous piece of music?
If zombies were surrounding your house, trying to get in, and you didn't have a gun to defend yourself...?
why does everybody seem to hate on these genres?
I don't understand the ending to the Korean movie 'The Thieves'?
Any really really good EMINEM songs (not famous ones)?
how friendly are you?
What is the proper way to have a conversation with a midget?
Are you just another girl that wants to rule the world, at any time or place?
At naruto episode 342 whats the soundtrack at around 11:21?
need few titles related to childhood?
Can you help me find a movie to watch?
has anyone done something soo wrong to -u that \im Sorry\ can never fix?
Would you attend your crush wedding if you still have a feeling for them?
waka waka poll, go u want date that girl?
poll, on scale of 10-0 how much do u jump?
tv series like friends and how i met your mother?
who is your favorite youtuber?
What do you think was really \sexy\ about Merilyn Monroe?
poll, why people no leave s p a c e i n e v e r y word?
why do geminis think they truly know scorpios?
T/F: \Girls do not dress for boys, they dress for themselves. If they did...?
Can you give up everything you have for your nation's pride?
Should I go for my ex or stay with my girlfriend?
Poll: Would you ever leave England?
POLL (TEENS): If you found a time machine...?
how many days we going live our lifes struggling on the streets how many days we going live our lifes searc?
poll, what is meaning of homey boy?
What does this mean? Short question?
Why are the Grannies on here getting more attractive each day?
Do you want children?
Is Ashley Benson a Virgin?
Animated movie starring a man who always has pins in his mouth?
Poll:Is it best to shower without your clothes on?
Poll : How flexible are you on scale of 0-10?
Why was there an L to the wall of a recommended public bathroom?
indian girls poll, did u do ashiqui? when........?
Which Running man episode is this?
Who are your favorite female actresses?
Is there a way to lower sex drive?
indian boys poll, when last time did u do ashiqui?
poll, what animal u feel are u?
Do you know where can we organized the fresher party?
What is the name of this Japanese song?
Why can't I find Skittles at the end of the rainbow?
Why do young black guys like old white women (old as in great grandma old)?
Which is your favorite time of the day?
itallian indie band?? please help?
Are you good or bad at attracting members of the opposite gender?
what is the popularity of this bands in E.U.A?
What would you pick? Love or money?...why?
if you had to read one of those 3 books for a review (and to save your life :P) which one would you pick?
Which anime do you recommend?
What is site search engine your used?
Which is your most favorite place in this earth?
Poll--When was the last time you were in Romantic mood?
Why is there so much controversy about the use of vibrato?
The Answers from my story about 2 shark..?
Would a hug and a cookie make your day better?
Do you think i got potential in singing? rate and comment pls?
What's the name of this song?
how to burn movies onto a disc?
Please rate my pokemon x and y team?
I have lost cash while walking my dog in Central Park?
Is 'meme' pronounced même (mem) or mémé (mehmeh)?
poll: is this being mean or just a sign of concern?
Has anyone here ever met Justin Biebler?
Your experience with the hardest transits...?
Why superman use underwear in outside...?
What would scare you the most to do but...?
Has there ever been an alien abduction storyline on a soap?
can people Commit suicide at mental hospitals?
What is you pet name for boobies?
Can you sleep without socks in the winter?
Poll:Ok my toilet just jumped off a bridge,how to get over it?
ANIMES JUST LIKE FRUITS BASKET AND OURAN ACADEMY?
RomCom anime's to watch?
Poll: What's your favorite album?
If you had to choose between having a job or a gf/bf, which one would you choose?
What is the best type of pickup for an acoustic steel string guitar?
Can i get YIFY torrents for anything else than hollywood movies?
Poll: What do you miss about your childhood?
Do I have thick eyebrows for a girl?
Do you find fish wondrously amazing?
Best most addicting anime ever…?
Looking for some positive happy music (No swearing, no love songs)?
Poll: Are both of your parents the same race?
Suggest a movie…………?
My dad is white and my mom is mixed-am I white?
why is it so HARD to think ? :)?
Are you a member at Costco or Sam's Club?
I make story about shark. Can you know why this shark eat a puffer fish?
Poll: I really think my toilet is suicidal?
Is Aishwarya Rai still considered the most beautiful woman in the world even if?
Poll: Would you let your nephews and nieces live with you?
Who would win between you and a ferret in a battle to the death?
Poll: Last thing you had stolen from you?
What's the last thing you did on your knees?
Poll:Best kiss you had in your whole stinking life?
Does anyone else hate it with a passion if someone doesn't remember you?
is it sad i can not think of an entertaining or witty thing to ask?
How did you meet your partner?
Good morning - Does anyone know the trivia answers for 99.5 WRVE Albany NY and other stations 01.19.14?
Which name sounds better?
Do girls hate Attractive Girls?
SIT-up POLL...You ever realize you hafta pause a DVD for a fridge run?
If you could be anywhere right now where would you be?
What movie are you most anticipating?
Does this shirt look ok to go on a date with?
Has this ever happened to you: You feel so angry but you can't tell why?
Poll: from 1 to 10. How scary you with chucky doll?
poll what do you do when your home alone?
help learning songs on my drums.?
Musicians, need your help with a piano chord!?
poll have you ever used a bush as a bathroom before?
Was this rude? I was at a restaurant?
What do you like better sports or video games?
What you know, if at world war I, soap made by......?
What do you know, in world war I, soap made by...?
How to download large files? need a software like torrent! please help? okay i want to download this large Rar?
Beyonce or Madonna who would you say?
Which one is better: air in mountain or air in beach?
American Horror Story: Why does Tate shoot up the school?
Do you see the Internet as an vast, almost infinte place with no real boundaries?
Lee bro she is went to meet her parents im home alone hehe?
What's the name of that movie?
Is this a good title for this photo: \The girl in the mirror... she likes to smile\?
Heavy metal VS punk rock?
Does anyone know why there wasnt a sequel to the disney chanel movie the thirtenth year? it really deserved on?
Can you help me find out what song is this?
Where can i see harry potter film online ?
What other reverse harem Japanese animes are there?
What makes you feel worthless?
What brand of soap do you use?
Plz tell if some woman is breast feeding & have arthritis,if her man drink her milk?
Your favorite Marvel Character?
If you were going to the grocery store tonight, what items would you purchase?
if your doctor told you you would go blind doing that, what would you name your seeing eye dog?
Is Hip Hop hard to learn? Is it hard to dance?
Wouldn't sleeping with a co-worker make things awkward?
Survey : What kind of a meal do you like?
Ppl often say get \power bank\ for mobile battery,plz tell what means power bank?
*HELP I need a new anime?
Should I learn to play bass or acoustic guitar?
Do people know that you can watch movies that are in the theaters online?
Who gets bruce waynes (batman) money if and when he dies and this is related to comics not the movies.?
Great shows to start watching!?
Instrumental music similar to this song?
Do you play murble in kid times?
What can I do with a surplus of raisins?
Why would you be so shallow as to compare your looks to your supposed friends?
Do you think my singing ok or?
Could someone recommend an anime?
A Question for Gamers : Am i the Only one who loves the Doom series?
What are some good TV shows that have a gay main character?
Need music for movie, help!?
Survey : Who are your favorite characters from these cartoons?
Survey: Is it true that most guys don't like black women?
True Or False : You have one of the best avatars in Y!A ?
What do you think was the best decade for music?
Do you sound like you are from London?
agree or disagree: most guys go for pretty girls?
How can one sleep at nite?
if your doctor told you that you will go blind if you keep doing that would you?
Q-tips says, \Do not insert into ear\ ....then what the hell are they for?
What would you do if President Obama knocked on your door!?
Can someone tell me what this is called?
what happened to katy sineads daughter in hollyoaks?
Are my eyes grey or green?
I am afraid of heights, how to solve this?
Poll: do you believe we have more than one soulmate?
Why are green apples more sour than reds?
whats your favourite movies from the 1930's?
What was the name of the song in episode 11 oh Shinee Hello Baby?
Poll: how often do you tend to space out?
Would you work at a doggy day-care?
If you went back in time and beat your infant self, is it child abuse?
Polls and Survey: A question for Men only?
Would you still watch Family Guy if Brian remained dead?
Do you think they will make a documentary about my life when I die?
What you say to your self as a baby?
Can I work for you what will my job description be?
Which of these would you rather be?
Ami going to cause problems for myself if i never come out of the room at a bed and breakfast?
Are you left handed or right handed?
Are there any other animals that might try to kill me at the aquariam?
How can you kill me if I have no life?
Why are One Direction so original?
All of The Smiths albums?
What would you do if you saw someone making out with a mannequin?
What food/drink did you dislike as a kid that you like today?
All of The Smiths albums?
Stuck on a desert island,which celebrities do you wish keep you company?
Do you like this J Dilla track with JSane?
Have you given speech among thousands of people?
when will be my marriage how will it be arrange or love ?
Do starfish attack humans?
Agree or disagree with this quote..?
Is it a bad idea for a socially awkward guy to stay at a bed and breakfast?
Are you expected yo socialise at a bed and breakfast?
Survey : Do you use your hands a lot when speaking?
What's your favourite Olympic event?
In a life or death situation: the person holding you custody has a warped mine, and he told you that...?
Do you think REBEL will succeed in getting a gf this valentine's day?
What would you do if someone dissed you and complimented your friend/significant other?
Bubble gum, bubble gum, in a dish?
do you find it kinda funny, kinda sad, that ppl keep running in circles?
Best Time-Travel Movies?
Poll: How often do you eat popcorn?
If you could travel anywhere right now for free where would you go ?
What would you do if someone b*tched slapped ya silly?
Survey = If Michael Myers arrived at your front door and asked to use your bathroom. would you let him use it?
Why do people hate Anne Hathaway?
Whats this song playing?
Teen wolf question what do you think?
Poll: Why do some people wanna kill me?!?
What is something that is truly awesome ?
about the Lock out movie (2012) . . the ending is kinda confusing . .?
what anime is this I think I've seen it before please help!!!?
poll: my dog keeps licking all of my wounds from my recent skateboard mishap?
poll: would you like to be me?
Does anyone ever play Nintendo gamecube anymore?
Poll; who is your favorite user here?
I Need Help To Find This Song by \Big Bad Voodoo Daddy\?
What is your favorite movie of all time ?
Is it hard for you to live by those short wise words: \see no evil, hear no evil, speak no evil\?
Is it okay that your children will never return to you after they move out?
Astrology of KKK: For you kids who don't like to face the truth?
what are things people watch?
what are the things you should never say to a guy ?
Bluto or Popeye??????
What do Americans mean when a show is on at \8/7c\ what is that?
Where can I watch 'Blue is the Warmest Color' online for free?
The name of an anime?
Wat to do with a person who makez fun of UR beliefz :'(?
Help my gf has a forest in her undies, should I break up with her?
Match the following picture to a zodiac sign's anger?
Whats Your Favorite Cancelled Show?
What do you call a sad Pokémon?
True or False : conc. Sulphuric acid burnt down your Childhood?
How old was marlyn monroe when she first got married and was it to Joe Demagio?
Is there any way I can watch UNCUT episodes of Naruto that are dubbed in english?
Do you ever watch movies JUST because of the actor starring in it?
How do you spell EY RI ANA?
Why does the anime Bleach have \hidden\ background music?
If you where a celebrity and had to give your child a ridiculous name (like they do) what would it be?
Would you like to get on a plane and fly somewhere right now?
poll: when someone gets angry?
Death Note Survey: What would you do if you meet someone who acts (sits) like L?
Poll: is married life very difficult...?
What Y!A sections have you never been to and never want to go to?
would you like to marry- if single, why/why not - if married, what do you like about being married?
When can I learn High Galactic standard language from star wars?
are you just as happy whether you are single or in partnership - and why?
Do you blow out the candles before singing happy birthday or after?
Do you like rainy or snowy....?
When was the last time that someone threw confetti at you?
what are things that itch?
For people who dont believe in God?
whats the most embarrassing thing you have ever done when you were drunk?
What is the sharpest thing ?
What do you like, black shoes or shoes with color?
Can you do pull-ups I don't understand why I can't do them?
Are you ready for your daily hug?
Starseed Origins-Birth Chart Question?
Anyone like the smell of new books?
What would you do if the Jack Sparrow came up to you and said \Why is the rum gone?\?
Jan. Aquarius and Feb. Aquarius?
Would Catherine have stuck Nick with the ice pick, had he not left out, 'raise rugrats'?
CBB, why is everyone slating Liz for being Boring ?
Are these strange interests for a 17 year old girl?
Plz tell if chewing tobacoo is available in usa & uk?
If I gave you $500 what would you do with it?
How many shoes do you have?
Poll: do you believe that all beautiful girls already have a partner or a boyfriend?
How many zombie land movies are there?
what are things people pull out of hats?
Girls if ur bf starts chewing tobacoo,would you leave him or not?
What is your favorite type of muffin?
Plz tell when i use 2g internet on iphone it shows full signal,if i make call signal drops & call also drops?
What is your favorite disney princess and why?
Have you or any members of your family ever owned boxing gloves?
Would it be worth it to watch all of one piece?
What's your reason for living?
Dexter or Being Human UK?
If you were a Princess or Prince, what would the name of your kingdom be?
Dexter or Being Human UK?
Anime with HOT girls?
Youtube partner wanted!?
Poll: Can I marry a turkey in turkey if I'm not not Turkish ?
Ladies, what would you do if?
What do you think about my song?
Are you living-up to your full potential?
So I Started Dating This Country Girl And I Believe Her Family Is In The KKK?
Why is the ages 19 and 20 and 21 the hardest?
Will I gain weight when Jupiter will transit on my ascendant?
Who is your favorite cereal character mascot?
poll: What is he trying to say?
Do you like to be the \center of attention\?
Are you afraid of judgement?
Would you deliver pianos on a bicycle?
does kangoku gakuen really have romance?
Seeing how Hollywood is obssessed with servant themed movies, should Hand That Rocks the Cradle have won?
is it a bad idea to watch ju on and then the grudge?
What would you do if you were in command of an army of ninja cats?
Will I lose 10 points for this?
What talk show is this from \You are not the father!\?
Do you get embarrassed when you lose to someone who is smaller than you in an arm wrestle?
How many slices of pizza can you eat before getting full?
Here's your 2014 goal list please add one ( guys only)?
Inifiniti G35 or Nissan 350z?
how did it come about that men shower together in sports clubs?
poll: have u ever been approached by gay men or lesbians (in case of women)?
Sports car or Luxury car?
What is that one song with the dancing toy robot at the end?
What would you do if you woke up to find the cookie monster chewing on your ankle?
what are things people forget?
Will bed and breakfast manager kick me out?
Do you think Alex Jones will kill somebody one day?
How often do people like to think their better than you?
If you could create heaven to your liking what would it be?
True or False: You wish that you could mean the male/female version of yourself?
What do his tattoos symbolizes?
what can you do with mud ?
what man made things are yellow?
Do you like to be surrounded by nature or big city lights?
True or False: You could've had a V8?
Oooh, baby I love your way. Everyday. Wanna be with you night and day, at. At-y-y-yeah?
What would you do if someone randomly came up to you and challenged you to an arm wrestle?
When was the last time you played on the swing set?
Are you addicted to live in the United States?
B&B... What do you think will happen?
what words start with du?
ANIME??? with special power?
What is something some people seem to do non-stop that you cannot stand?
What is the coolest thing that you own?
is the band the xx straight edge?
poll what is your favorite Crash Bandicoot game?
What show do you not understand how people can actually like it?
Do rock bands still trash hotel rooms?
What is your first thought when you look up at the stars at night?
Would you be grossed out if you were with someone who had a full 1970's style bush?
Any anime similar to attack on titan?
How did Victoria Beckham become so rich?
vedic astrology free analysis calculator?
poll: who will you be dreaming about tonight?
Would you rather have, night vision, or x-ray vision?
Any good Korean dramas/comedies that you would suggest to me?
How would you react if you found out there was an active cult that ate its elderly members?
What is the best Kung Fu Movie of all time?
is there anyway i can watch the walking dead free online?
Poll: Do you ever asked you friend permission to post a picture that contains him/her on instagram?
Is my account in danger of being deleted!?
Poll:Have you ever forgotten your accordian?
Poll: Mickey, Donald, or Goofy?
Do you girls should shave their arms?
Did you grow up in the 70's? Wasn't it awesome?
Les Paul Jr vs Telecaster?
Poll: When the phone rings......do you rush to answer it or take your time?
What makes you say \wow!\?
Could you please go to YouTube and watch massage rap #weareevit and like it?
Did the writers always intend for Capt. Rader to head up Major Crimes when Kyra Sedgewick left?
Do you think it's strange when fat people swim with a shirt on?
What is the best thing to add to plain macaroni?
As I grow older, her face remains young in the pictures, is that truly the heartbreaking realization?
Why do you avoid telling people how old you are ? where is that insecurity coming from?
Do you sit in certain positions so your stomach looks good?
Last song to make you cry?
Can anyone give me a list of Madea movies?
Does the order that I watch BBC Sherlock matter?
Is there a point where numbers become meaningless?
True ot false : you love what you do?
Who all knows how to whistle?
What do you do when the Cat is out , lurking around?
Minecraft for two people?
2008 Game Character Poll: Niko Bellic or Adachi Tohru?
When you think of yourself at your happiest, where are you imagining yourself at and what is going on?
How do I tell my Girlfriend that I'm Batman?
Did Jesus play cricket when he was a kid...?
What's this country song/artist?
Who was your favorite singer back when you were a teenager in the past?
why is the no more rum?
Do you remember Fabian Forte singer from the 60's who sang Hound Dog Man?
Have you ever had a sexual dream that you were sad you woke up from?
How old were you in 2000 ?
Taurus, why u so sweet but confusing?
Who agrees that celebrities are irrelevant?
What happened to trance :(?
I need some new shonen to watch; anime suggestions?
Family guy question??
Do you miss being a kid?
What is something the world would be better off with less of?
Would you rather eat the turkey or be the turkey's friend?
Poll: What do you usually eat during the day?
Is it weird if a 17 year old girl still plays outside?
Summary of Game of Thrones seasons 1-3?
Do some people ask questions on here that make you feel creepy answering?
What was the last movie you watched?
What's your favorite Mel Gibson movie?
I was holding a 6 month old baby and I told her I am better than her. Will this harm her?
Have you seen The Lost Boys (80's)?
True of False: if you kill a panda in China you automatically have to spend the rest of your life in prison?
Would you 9 year old self be proud of the person your turned to be?
Which of these types of sick would people prefer to feel?
How important is it to be important so you can be imported to imports for important importances?
Do you feel a tad sick right now?
Has the entertainment industry run out of ideas?
What causes a person to to pronounce the word \true\ as \ture\?
Has the entertainment industry run out of ideas?
How is my friend making more money then me even though he majored in a useless major?
What can I record my guitar with?
Poll: Do you still grocery shop with your parents?
Vocabulary poll: Do you use defiantly or definitely ?
Does your pet think he is the owner of house and you are his pet?
who's the YA user who always gives hugs?
When is the cinema empty?
What's with you kids with your pagers, PAC-Man video games and hightop sneakers?
Are the fish fishing for humans?
What is this song??? Trying to figure it out but getting nothing?
Do you like being scared once in a while?
Does Paul Walkers brother Cody have a offiical facebook account?
Will the USA ever collapse from the weight of Canada?
poll: how do you get rid of your headaches?
WHAT would you ask you mother, if she were given a truth serum?
Can anyone think of an Anime that fits this?
Poll: What's your favorite movie line of all time?
Is your room styled as per your choice or your parents?
Do you like Big Red gum?
What Is A Good Gift For A 47 Year Old Lesbian?
What are you watching on TV right now?
which plot should I use?
What does it mean about a woman's looks when she only gets hit on by older, married men??!!?
Have you ever been on Yahoo Answers before?
What do you think about a rock station that plays Oingo Boingo?
What's the last meal you ordered in a restauant?
Question about a song by Little Mix?
Do you think been FAT will ever come in fashion?
Would you rather live in the San Francisco bay area or Southern California?
What is your most favorite automobile?
Why are there so many people on Y/A tonight?
\She's playing me along\ means what?
Do you think 3 Doors Down's song are mostly about depression?
If you have a crush on someone who doesn't like you back in that way, do you move on easily?
What's your Top 2 favorite Will Smith films?
How would your friends describe you?
Is it racist that..........?
Do your parents do commentary while watching TV?
Do you take Desoxyn??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
Poll: How do you cope with loneliness?
What do people most prefer out of these 2?
whats something you would NEVER do for your significant other?
If you were alone in a MOON, how would you feel.......?
Poll: How often do you smile when you're watching TV/a movie?
If me and a dog were hanging off the edge of a cliff...?
What do you think of my singing?
Is it wrong for a parent to make their 17 year old make all 3 of her meals everyday?
Lesbian anime............?
at an award ceremony! id like to thank fanny and dick sexton in virginia for cleaning up my ass constantly?
What comic book character is this?
Poll: Shall we dance?
Of mice and men or falling in reverse?
If you had telepathic powers where would be the first place you would go?
How do you get youtube to come film you?
What is your favorite anime movie of all time?
whats up with the anti-gay stuff on YA polls and surveys?
Are you ok with Judge Judy, Dr Phil, Oprah Winfrey interfering in common peoples lives?
need to find complete higurashi when they cry tsumihoroboshi online!?
Have you ever seen \Imagine\ the movie?
are blood on the dance floor concerts really dangerous?
My son's gay. What's a natural home remedy?
Poll: agree or disagree?
How to play a chord without striking the strings in between?
Would you jump into the $5 movie box at walmart and scare people?
Am I your favorite user?
Would you believe me if I said Lady Gaga went to my highschool?
How does an animation budget work?
What John Lennon song is this?
What are some songs that signify how easy it is to screw up a batch of chicken and rice?
What, in your opinion, is a beautiful question?
Who should we cosplay as?
How long would you you say \Eventually\ takes?
GUYS: What do you think of shoujo manga?
favorite anime of 2013?
do you think if people really needed you with them or loved you or found you worthy they would let you in ?
Did humans evolve from children or are we a completely different species altogether?
Can you name 2 famous person that lived in the old west?
Do you leave the television on when you go to bed?
Can anyone explain the line up of doctors on DOCTOR WHO?
Poll Do you have a sibling?
Have you ever gone fishing ,if so...did you catch any fishes?
poll: have you ever went for a joy ride?
What is your favorite snack?
Have you ever lost a pet?
Y&R: To Recast or Not to Recast??
What are you most likley to take a big risk for?
Do you like your high heels tall?
What is your most awkward moment?
Have you ever had a problem determining where the smell of gas was coming from?
What do you cook in your microwave at least once a week?
Do you interact with older people better or same age or younger?
Are there any anime where there is a city more advanced than the rest of the world.?
Do you agree or disagree with this law?
Do you think this is True or False?
Do you ever cook a meal together with your husband/wife, gf/bf or partner?
Poll: what do you usually do when you have an awkward itch in public?
Poll: Did you know that...?
What kind of anime do girls / women like to watch?
Poll- What is something that makes you happy?
poll: when you get cold, do you ever do this?
Guys, do you use slippers or slip ons for your comfort shoes? What brands and styles do you use?
do movies ever get un-delayed?
What are 2 things women spend more time doing than men?
Can someone PLEASE tell me the name of this song?
P&S: Have you heard of that band Little Mix?
Which would you prefer more, sweet talk, or hand holding?
Poll: do I work out too little?
What's something embarrassing that might happen while you are laughing?
is family guy helpful to younger generations?
What did you do to show someone you love them today?
If you were alone in a forest, how would you feel?
Would you rather date Elizabeth gillies or Jennette mccurdy?
POLL Do you think K pop stars are hot?
Poll: would you rather...?
will playing without vibrato ruin my chances to play in college?
Plz suggest me the best keyboad or piano... I dont want to buy digital piano?
What show should I start to watch on Netflix?
what things can be halved - to share?
Have you seen 4k resolution on youtube?
Did you ever brag about what you have?
How would each zodiac sign reply/respond to this?
How much did you pay for gasoline in your area..?
Do you wear white sneakers, if not what color?
Poll: what do you think of A sized cups?
Where can I Watch Sherlock on Fios?
Guys: Do you sleep at night wearing...?
DIrectioners: Why was Harry Styles chosen as villain of the year?
How to get someone's music in your own film.?
POLL: do you think there will ever be a world war 3???
agree or disagree: there are too many rules when it comes to dating?
Survey: What would you do if you walked in, on your little sibling watching porn?
Are Effie Trinket, Dolores Umbridge, and Rita Skeeter all related?
Are The Beatles overrated?
Any idea what show or movie this is from?
Poll: girls, what size cup do you....?
Does anyone know what happened between Tyler Oakley and Liam Payne today?
What Do You Think Of The Name 'Daniel Bryan' .. !?
Shows like desperate housewives?
Poll- What sauce do you usually eat with chicken nuggets?
Does anybody remember the name of the song in \Piglet's Big Movie\ commercial?
what are turn ons and turn offs dating wise?
POLL: would you kill for money???
what mood are you in ?
What are peoples opinions on sword Art Online?
How would A Dr know you are unhappy?
Have you ever been suspended from yahoo answers?
what kind of lighting is in your home and how many lights are there?
Survey: What's your opinion on incest?
Need help with a movie title?
Music recommendations?
who is your guardian?
who is James dean and audrey hepburn and Elizabeth taylor?
What does :3 mean I know what the face looks like but I don't know what it represents?
Poll: Cotton candy, candy corns, or candy apples?
Poll- What do you love about yourself?
What is the name of this movie?
What if you ordered a pizza and the pizza guy was Eminem?
Is anyone else angry about the cancellation of the CBS?
What's your top 5 favorite songs of 2013?
what do you enjoy doing for others?
Why do popular kids in high school bully the nerds?
Did Amy winehouse die on her period?
Do you think Ezra is A?
have you ever been seduced by someones?
Poll- What came first, the pages or the cover?
What is the BEST song by 80's WHITESNAKE?
Survey: What's your reaction to seeing someone you consider unattractive?
Girls- If you are sick would you want your boyfriend to cuddle with you?
How tall is Hannah Hart?
yes or no its your tea time?
What does my sun, rising, and moon sign tell about me?
POLL: What makes you feel Sheepish?
what does relationship-ready mean?
What's your favourite feature on yourself?
yes or no you are not smiling at this very moment?
Is it gay for you and your bros to buy matching underwear?
What would you do if you got bullied?
is it true that wasting food is the devil's work?
POLL: When is an appropriate time to give flowers to someone?
POLL: What's good and bad about girls with Daddy issues?
Do You Wash Your Face With Cold Or Hot Water .. !?
Would you laugh if!?!?!?
when was the last time you had a haircut?
How do I animate a 2D character?
POLL: Should I eat my hamburger now or tomorrow?
Favorite Animated TV Show?
What colours look best on you?
Do you want to end women's suffrage?
How do you tell a 12 year old their childhood is over?
Any songs about regretting someone?
Why do you think he stares at me like this?
When are you giving me my money?
What is the \Classic Rock Challenge\ trivia and other Radio trivia help for 1/19/14?
Poll- What's your favorite Mexican food?
How do you tell an 18 year old their childhood is over?
Make a request on WCBS FM?
Electric Bass Capo??
Survey: What do you usually do when someone posts a 'suicide' question on here?
What Is The WORST Fast Food Restaurant To Eat At .. !?
What is your biggest achievement ?
Why is the movie Lone Survivor rated-R?
On the media that he is just a baby who loves KFC chicken and to please send him home?
Would it be weird to name a child by an anime character's name?
On A Scale Of 1-10, How Important Are Looks In A Relationship .. !?
Anime where only some people have supernatural powers and the rest are human?
are you friends with the devil?
Is Barack Obama a Wizard?
Poll: what are your top 5 favourite cuisines ?
How do you tell a 10 year old that their childhood is over?
Girls what would you do if a girl...?
Do I Look Indo-european Or Mestizo?10PTS?
Why was the Bill of Rights written? (To ensure what)?
can you suggest a cheesy teen romance/drama/comedy series that I can watch with my girlfriend?
If you could possess any power in the world, What would it be?
What if diner dash could be a co op game?
Who is your favorite idol ?
How do you tell a 17 year old that their childhood is over?
What is a beneficial way to handle someone that has made strong accusations against you?
Why do you think Menachem Stark was kidnapped & murdered?
Would god forgive me?
What was the greatest broadway performance or broadway actor EVER?
Should i go dancing tonight or go see some bands ive never heard of?
When was the last time you had an *Amazing* workout session...?
Is Your Best Friend A Boy Or A Girl .. !?
Poll: Is Y!A better or worse for having the 'report' button?
Do you have a bighead...?
How do you tell a 13 year old that their childhood is over?
What's your favorite movie?
What guitars are good for grunge?
POLLS: What wallpaper/ Background is on your phone?
What is this movie called?
Is weed ghetto currency?
Do you prefer running in the mountains or working out in a gym?
What's the difference between jail and prison?
what are the top 10 Simon and Garfunkel songs?
DCUO: How to change skills/powers?
POLL: Hakuna Matata or YOLO?
Is sizzurp bad, even if you drink one cup for the first time?
Poll- What do you want in life?
POLL: can I slap your aura???
Men/guys: would you like it if...?
Would you have left education at the end of high school if someone gave you $15000000 the day you turned 17?
Do Attractive Guys get Lead On too?
Did you ever go swimming in an outdoor heated poll while it was snowing?
When do the grammys come on?
Is it normal for a 17 year old girl to suddenly gain weight?
RHH : Can you name your favorite rapper starting with the letters : W-A-C-K?
Recommend a good PC Platform game?
POLL: Most shocking discovery you've made in a public restroom?
SURVEY : Name your top favorite celebrity's starting with the letters : Y-E-S?
What would you think if you see a girl with a wry neck who looks straight at you?
what is your dog's name?
Poll: Which is your favorite movie genre?
What would be your last meal if you were about to get executed?
Do you think Michael Myers is cute?
Trouble with Floyd rose?
how to snub aries woman. who purposely irritate aquarius woman,insult her .?
Answer this riddle??
At a movie theater which arm rest is yours?
Why would you try to change somebody? What would you do if someone tried to change you?
Poll: If you could be in a relationship with any celebrity, who would it be?
Who's your favorite band?
poll: please translate this, im confused?
What happens in the movie You're Next?
How could you do this to me??!! To us??!! We're supposed to get married in a less than 2 weeks!!?
What would you do if Michael Myers got hit in the head with a pineapple?
I Loooooove Lucky Charms cereal, do you?
how do you think I am physically?
What is your lucky number ?
Is there any good animes similar to Beelzebub??
Why are there so many Micheal Myers questions?
In your opinion, what ages are childhood?
Poll: Which of these scares you the most?
Is Naruto Shippuden coming on cartoon network weekly now?
What would you do if Michael Myers smiled At you and his teeth fell out?
SURVEY : Whats the first thing you see when you turn your head around?
what if.............?
True or False (survey): You would let Michael Myers give you massage?
Movies With Super Powers?
Whats a fun way to insult someone's car?
Am I the only one who likes old school metal?
learning to play a guitar fingerstyle?
Do you think heaven exists?
Do you think Selena Gomez and Vanessa Hudgens are pretty?
RHH: What song is this?
I am trying to remember a fairy cartoon from long ago.?
What section will you go to after Yahoo closes the P&S section at the end of January?
What if you ordered a pizza and the pizza guy was Justin Bieber?
Did you get what you wanted for Christmas?
What do you think it takes to become a rockstar?
Poll: Do you believe in ghosts?
Why is Michael Myers so handsome?
is it weird to go to the movie theater alone?
Is the movie The Wolf Of Wall Street good?
Are there any fat girls in anime?
Can you tell me a funny joke?
What does it mean when a girl is always happy...?
Can somebody give me an analogy to explain the whole Bitcoin concept?
It's not the greatest joke but I like it?
What would you do if you saw Michael Myers climbing up a ladder and the ladder collapsed?
Best answer~ goes to whoever can make my day:)?
Which of these situations is better?
Have you ever been knocked out?
What do you think of my singing?
which one should I buy u guys lots of love ?
How come she hasn't texted me back yet I told her hi its me my name how are you doing?
How do I cosplay as a servbot?
Is there an app for creating music videos?
What's your mood right now?
I can't think of the title of a movie?
Do you know who Amanda Todd is?
What would you do if you saw Michael Myers and he fell and farted?
what did eduard delequar say in french to mr. jingles as he was leaving to be executed?
Why do I get this impression?
Can anyone help guess this short-lived daytime soap opera?
i dont respect what the military does?
Would you prefer someone wish you good health, endless joy and eternal happiness on you birthday?
What do you think about the rumor about Boba Fett being a man who killed the real Boba Fett?
Poll: B-But, I don't understand. Why don't you love me anymore?
Germans, don't you think it's really true!?
What's the diff between a Pig and a Hog?
poll: What does this statement mean?
Looking for anime, plz?
Are you for death penalty or against it?
What is the original version of the 2004 movie \Blessed\ staring Heather Graham?
Is there a Boston Market in your city?
What means more to you: Money or love?
What's even the point of anything?
What is the most talented troll question you have ever seen on here?
I like to see a good horror movie, but I mean really scary, so i can't sleep at night, suggestions?
What is a resource for hymn suggestions for masses throughout the liturigical year?
Anyone else hate Tauriel?
What's the most embarrassed you've ever been?
What happened to country music?
Poll:have you ever killed someone?
im trying to think of a movie?
What are the actual birth names of these famous heavy metal musicians?
What is this movie? Please help?
People of all ages: Did people born in 1990 grow up with iPhones?
Do you ever wear your mothers dress and then ask your female neighbour to spank your booty as you bend over?
Agree or disagree: 18 year olds are young adults?
Name me 2 words only that the letter Z is in the middle of the word?
Is it true that the Rising sign is your soul and your Sun sign is your personality?
What are some REALLY GOOD recent romantic comedies to watch?
What is the greatest musical EVER?!?!?
Come in if you don't mind a random band comparison.........?
Do you find health freaks annoying?
Who is the Queen of Rock Music?
What do you think of my singing?
Survey: Its Saturday night, what are you drinking?
At what age did the world start to seem different from when you were a kid?
Survey: How would you react if I came up to you and caressed your hair ?
Was Maurice Gibb ill or did he died unexpectedly ?
Depressing sunday poll: are you excited for the week ahead..?
What would you do if everybody rejected you?
What should I make my Christmas revolve around?
Why do people not like The Lone Ranger?
I have started my Christmas Shopping, is this too early?
Happiness means....is it available?
How it's called this song? / Como se llama esta cancion?
POLL: Would you ever marry a girl who can't cook?
Poll: Do you like Sharing a Bed with another person?
What do you think of my singing?
If I searched your refrigerator for an alcohol beverage, would I find anything?
What are you wearing right now ?
Is Japan will be making a anime/manga called \Nevada-Tan\?
Poll: Do you like Alpha males/females or Beta Males/Females?
where can I buy The Lying Game season 1?
Wonder Woman vs Supergirl, who would win?
Violin and rosin, whats going on?
What do you cook that makes your wife/girlfriend say... you're the king!?
POLL what is your all time favorite game?
What is the best way to celebrate Super Bowl Sunday?
What is the best April Fools Joke I can do?
POLL: How is your handwriting?
What music do you think future generations will listen to our classics or music out now?
What is your favorite Michael Jackson memorabilia?
What holiday do you like the most?
What is the best website YouTube comedy video?
Poll: Do you ever like to see people in pain?
Do you eat salty foods or sugary foods more?
Girls... What is the first name of your boyfriend?
CBB: is Liz really that shy, quiet and antisocial, or is she being an observant journalist?
Poll: T F: love interests are better than friends?
So what does make you cry?
What is the best April Fools Joke I can do?
How would you react in a situation like this?
Poll: Would you do this for 50 million dollars?
What do you think of this special livery on this aircraft?
What is the most intense emotional description I can share on Facebook?
What's your dream...........?
Who is that at the beginning of Future Diary?
If you could plan your birthdate what date would you choose?
What are two or more different songs with the same title that you enjoy?
What do you think of my singing?
Good horror movies on Netflix?
Poll: Who do you Share your Bed with the Most?
What is the difference betweet shiite and sunni muslims?
If you're old enough, and remember POW bracelets, did you have one?
Poll: The girl I like just only wants to be friends because she doesn't want to date anyone now, so now?
Is this a good idea for a first date?
Poll: How much wood does a woodpecker?
Who plagiarizes himself more frequently: Daughtry or that guy from the Script?
You're walking meadows in my mind, making waves across my time?
Poll: When you hear the name...?
is it weird to go to the cinema by yourself?
Are 18 year olds teenagers, young adults, or adults?
Poll: Do you watch many movies?
If 18 didn't end with \teen\, would you still consider them teenagers?
How is pop music changing society into something evil?
Who sampled 2pac when he was in this interview?
Captain Rex helmet starwars?
New to electric guitars, what do I need?
Poll? What do u enjoy more? Winter or Summer sports?
what do you think of my lyrics?
If you were reported for making a blonde joke what would happen next?
can chuck norris spend money faster than obama?
Poll: When SLEEPING are you a Active Sleeper or Stationary Sleeper body movement wise?
How has your day been?
If someone knocked on your door and you answered it, what would they catch you wearing?
Poll: Back from work, whats for dinner?
WHO left the fridge open?
Have you ever been mentioned or clicked like by a celebrity?
Lord of the rings question?
How many friends you have on Facebook, followers on Twitter and contacts on LinkedIn?
Girls have never asked me out, meaning that I never had a girlfriend. Does this mean that I'm ugly?
Poll: What Beans do you like to Eat more BAKED Beans or GREEN Beans?
Which boy short name sounds better?
What would you think if your partner said...?
is learning the keyboard the same as piano?whats the difference?
What comes to mind when you hear..?
Do you prefer piercings or tattoos?
POLL Do you think K pop stars are hot?
Don't smell the flowers they're an evil drug to make you lose your mind?
If I was to do the following?
MOVIES: Is Saw 2 a good film to watch ?
Is This A Pathetic Thing To Do?
Poll : What do you think of gender roles?
Is This A Pathetic Thing To Do?
why are Virgo Taurus decans (mid Sept) so caring and humanitarian?
When does nikita season 4 premiere in the uk?
What is something that comes out at night?
Why were the women smiling at me when I walked into a make up store I am a 22 year old male?
Do you see this display and think...?
Do you like buying coffee or making it yourself?
Can you recommend some good must see films?
RHH : Whats your rap song of the day?
What wattage should I look for in a bass amp?
What is the name of the old sci fi book about aliens who conquer the earth but create a peaceful world?
Will bed and breakfast manager kick me out?
Why do cowboys wear super tight jeans and high heels (cowboy boots)?
Do you keep a list of your contacts in case you get suspended?
Poll: Who was the Last FUNERAL for you that you attended was it for a Family Member or a Friend?
Shepherd's Bush Arena seating question?
why are there so many non-believers here these days?
What is something police use to help track down criminals?
Do I look like a celebrity?
Poll: Where are you when you are in your own Element?
Do you think it's gay for a guy to wear tight jeans?
which, if any, of these lies would you come clean with?
If you could, would you?
Is it possible for a guy to get?
Is this an ok way to get a girl's number?
Poll: When you were a child, what job did you want?
RHH : Do you AGREE or DISAGREE that ice-cube is the best rapper to ever make movies?
What version of the Soundgarden song 'RUSTY CAGE' do you like Better ?
which looks better....?
Why were all the women smiling at me when I walked into the make up store I am a man?
Poll: Have you ever gone and Pound Sand?
What is Doctor Who??????
What feels better to you?
Poll: Are you Overall a better Friend or better Family Member ?
Did actor Kevin Bacon really change is God-given last name to \Bacon\?
CBB: Did Dappy overreact about the IQ test?
Can you help me with the name of this song ?
are all reality tv shows scripted / staged?
What is your favorite midnight snack?
What Do You think of my song?
What's the name of the horror movie that ends with young twins girls killing a young boy?
Can you identify this music please...?
When will YAs ever get tougher on careless or pest reporting?
The Wolf of Wall Street Soundtrack Download?
Is there a real answer to the wood chuck thing?
What's the most frustrating game you've ever played that made you rage?
Why do I Never Want to Have Fun?
Polls and Surveys: what is the nastiest thing you have eaten?
Whats your favorite rip off movie?
Where can i buy a good playing violin?
What are the best tv commercials currently running? Where?
POLL:Facebook and LinkedIn users?
what is your fav movie in the world!!:)?
how many childrens think you to have?
Does Abby in NCIS get pregnant?
I wrote this song a long time ago. Critique it.?
Is the movie ''Sinister'' any good....?
Amusement park or Concert?
What if emojis were real people?
Amusement park or Concert?
why do I have many Gemini male friends but not females?
Would I be sued if I copied a gameshow?
Movie suggestions with outcast/odd children, please?
Can you Rate this rap verse?
What does tbt stand for?
Was the old team from beyblade ever mentioned in the new series?
which drink do you prefer Big Red or Mountain Dew (red)?
The only opinion that matters is your opinion true or false?
Tv shows like Heroes, Ugly Betty, or Raising hope?
which sign understands Virgo the best?
Have you looked in the mirror and thought, oh wow I look so good today?
My bunny likes being petted but not held or seem to like me all that much? What do I do?
Why dont English speaking countries just unite and ignore the rest?
Why Do You Buy Girl Scout Cookies?
Weird question: when girls don't show there face but flashes what happens?
Are there any yuri love story anime?
What should I give my GF for our second anniversary?
Who would you rather spend your time with?
Is it ok for guys to wear?
Would you recognize your city's skyline if you saw a picture of it?
Do you think it's normal for hot girls to ask RICH guys they date for money?
Poll: What movie did you think was going to be really bad?
What did Jack give Molly Brown after the dinner in the movie Titanic?
Good horror/mystery animes?
what is the minimum age for Arena Animation?
R&P: Can Ylvis become the next Elvis....???
What do all the houses stand for?
If you work retail or in the food industry, who was your worst customer?
What does it mean when a guy says this?
Poll: What would you do if....?
Big party tonight.. lots of hot ladies, should I wear this?
What is a section that you get most annoyed at with?
Guys Poll: What do you think about this....?
Do you like my profile pic hot right?
The Fast And The Furious Tokyo Drift Part Two?
What are good songs by my chemical romance?
Could the government be denying a zombie apocalypse? ( not like in the movies but something similair to it)?
What is the greatest anime of all time?
Is Seinfeld better than Full House and Blackadder?
How much are Fall Out Boy meet & greet tickets?
Do you agree that discussion is better then censorship?
Which is the best war suspense movie?
Are Cancer guys like this?
What was the last song Freddie Mercury recorded?
Scary Movies - Can you name all the people with the name of the movies?
Why do you think some people fear to go after their dreams?
What kind of guitar strings are great for metal/vibrato but still pack a punch with powe chords?
What would you do if your caught you kid smoking cigarettes?
Did he touch my boobs on purpose?
Is it okay to practice singing like this?
Do you know anyone that obsesses over a single problem and does nothing to solve it?
would you date someone who cheated in their past relationship?
Is Michael Emerson a good actor?
@midnight Chris Hardwick made fun of Yahoo Answers on his show.?
Which girl would you rather go out with?
How to dye my hair blue? (creme peroxide)?
What's your top 10 favorite Cartoon/Anime shows since you was younger back in the day?
Few things are as unfunny,as a joke retold many times?
Have you ever taken the wrong train/bus?
looking to watch anime?
Why do I sing better with a partner, then singing solo?
What genre would this song be?
I heard thah there is gonna be a season 2 of High school of the death ( HOTD) in 2014 is it real?
How do you animate/make anime opening parodies?
Would you try this solution if your car wouldn't start?
Do you wash your dishes by hand or do you use a dishwasher?
Movies like American Mary or Excision?
Is Michael Emerson short in height?
Is it great to have a deep repugnance for food that makes you fat?
How do you celebrate?
Anakin Skywalker vs SuperGirl?
Who is the ugliest actor and actress ever?
Could you please help me???....I really wanted to be a kpop star...but i don't know how...please...?
Poll- Are you tired of being all covered up because of the cold?
POLL: Pads or Tampons?
Is the CW going to cancel more than one show?
Why does Eminem have so many writers now?
Poll: What was the most stars you ever received on a question?
What is, in your opinion, the nastiest sounding word in the English language?
How do I win her after all this?
Poll: Do you watch The Ellen DeGeneres Show?
How old are Anna and Elsa from Frozen?
Rare 1984 hard rock/metal band? help identify.?
What are some good trippy pop songs similar/better than these:?
Is it stupid for a 16 year old to read warrior cats?
POLL Smokers: What's the longest you went without smoking?
What was the last movie you saw?
Are you a good singer?
Poll: Would you like if your bf/gf came from Afghanistan and surprised visited you?
Captain America vs Juggernaut?
What's your favorite romance anime?
Captain America vs Juggernaut?
1. Why did the boy cross a bee and a cow 2. What do you call 33 bees in a bed?
RHH: what's the longest you've gone without listening to your favourite rapper?
Would you buy one of these cloth menstrual pads?
When eating a banana, do you feel you need to eat all of it?
Is the purge on Netflix?
Do you feel safe on big roller coasters?
Ok this is the last time I will ask this so did you wish Bigfoot a happy birthday yesterday?
What is the name of the following Corbin Bernsen Made For TV movie?
Survey: Which would you prefer....?
why should i respect the american troops?
Poll: How much do you weigh in pounds or lbs?
Who would you rather spend your time with?
I have cancer and I want to die?
Does anyoe know this show?
What's an ironing board cover used for?
Where can I buy the newest updated version of the Star Wars Saga on DVD?
GH~What do you think Donna Mills character will be?
NRHH: Marcus you on right now? We battling today?
Best city to play nu-metal?
Is it weird that I love Johnny cash music?
How does a woman scare a gynecologist?
How bad are you at measuring speghetti to cook?
True or False: You like the Australian rock band AC/DC?
What is something that you just can't hate? :D?
Who was president when you were born?....?
Survey: Do you just want to be loved by someone in life?
What to do with a delivery problem?
Teen wolf fans help me understand something?
What's your favorite Sade song?
what is your opinion on euthanasia for terminally ill patients?
RHH: NAS fans explain why he's better than eminem?
What do Leos like and dislike about Aquarius?
POLL: would you be happy if there was no homework?
What Disney princess are you most like?
What do you want to do before you die?
Do you think of what to have for dinner while eating lunch?
Poll/survey: could you name any 5 things that you do everyday?
Do you like this coat better with hood or no hood?
National Television Awards 2014?
POLL: what do you do after you have finished your homework?
Have you ever had to call cops? Why?
POLL: why are butts soft?
What is a skill you wish you had, but do not have?
Which of these two Carole King songs do you like better?
POLL: why do people hate homework and school?
Does a worried mother do better research than the FBI?
Is morbidly fat obese chicken a good source of protein in my fitness diet?
Making my own pepper spray. What ingredients will burn like a mutha effer?
What things can be seen with eyes closed?
RHH: Rate my verse please?
When will people realize Eminem is overrated?
I think I'm addicted to green tea?
POLL: ARE YOU swamped with homework?
What song do you wish you had sung?
Hm? What do you think about...?
Who would you say you are?
Were you ever on TV or in a movie?
RHH: NAS fans answer this please?
Have you ever written a song?
Can I go to a concert by myself?
Is it ok to call 20 inch arms dubs?
Where to post my hindi lyrics for movies?
What manga is this from (pic included)?
Did Opal Fruits taste better?
Who is this celebrity?
atheist's why do you not believe in god?
POLL: why do guys not like to grab other guys butts?
Didn't I, didn't I see you crying?
Looking for Info on a Keyboard Piano?
Do you wax your chest hair?
Do you like Jelly Beans?
Poll: Can you name a country that does not have any beaches?
RHH : What song/tune do you have stuck into your head at the moment?
What are these lyrics:?
RHH: Proof mmlp2 is better than illmatic?
How many times did you ACCIDENTALLY like answers you didn't INTEND to like?
which do you prefer.......?
what are taurus men like in bed?
Someone help me please?
Let's come up with some old cliche and cheesy evil villain names :)?
Who are some other rappers with lyrical content similar to macklemore and lupe fiasco?
Does anybody know the name and location of the cemetery in the movie \Man of Steel\ (2013)?
In the series Stargate Universe, what is the purpose of the ninth chevron?
Do you think scene girls are ugly?
Robin versus Kato death match: who would win?
Does anyone know any comedy PG-13 movies?
Why do people forget about music greats?
What song best describes you?
Is investing in Vinyl worth it?
Digital Spy Isnt Working?
How do I get good at shredding guitar?
What do people know you best for?
If Apple starts selling fruit along with their computers, would you buy the new Apple apples?
Would you put bars on all your windows for safety?
How can I make my band's poster both unique and eye-catching?
What song best describes you?
Ladies: do you have a body part that has its own fan club?
anyone know what song this is from this mini movie puppy? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qwM-Pch8g_g?
SM 2014 Audition Help?
I'm only on Yahoo Answers to keep an eye on my brother, is that wrong?
Do you ever movie hop?
What does 'tell me' mean?
When was the last time some one asked you for an autograph?
What is it about greasy food, cheap wine and expensive chocolate that helps us get over a break up?
Would you reject if your partner proposed to you?
Some Music Suggestions?
Aquarius females what do you think to cancer males?
If your name was Earlene...?
I need your help on lyrics ideas for my new song? 10 pts?
is it ok for parents to say shut up to their kid?
Anyone excited for the LEGO Movie?
Would you get this (if you could afford it)?
Why am I so obssessed with working out?
Survey:If I came up to you and asked you for a sip of your coffee, how would you react?
Do you always do things your way?
Good rock or alternative songs to listen to?
Do i have good taste in music?
Classical music question. What is this piece called?
What is the importance of sex in your life ?
Do you have a favorite constellation?
Besides Monroe, name one woman most girls look up to?
Do white people destroy the world?
Movie or tv show quote?
What do you do when you can't sleep?
Are there any examples of classical music being used in anime?
A good horror anime?
Why do Daft Punk wear helmets?
DBZ/DBGT Question about the ending?
Poll: Is this a good idea to ask a guy out?
Did anyone else think Saving Mr. Banks was a horrible movie?
who turned the heat off .. its been so warm here for the last week i forgot it was winter?
Do you think Jennifer Lawrence is looking incredibly sexy in American Hustle ?
What's with SOME seniors and their way of talking?
Am I in love with this celebrity?
What is the worst thing to order at Berger King ?
Guess My Zodiac sign just by a picture?
Do you like to study?
Poll: Do you think Karma exist?
Are you a proud member of your generation?
What is one thing you cannot live without?
What are some road-trip movies about girls?
I have 3 simple questions for you(10 points for complete answer)?
How many sexual partners is considered a lot?
Poll: What time do you go to sleep and what time do you wake up?
When someone blocks you , do you block them back?
Are you a pick eater or eat about anything when hungry?
Do you believe that McDonald's is bad or do you think people lack discipline?
Poll: what do you think off my new name ? Do you like it ?
How do you stop yourself from thinking about something ?
What to wear to waitressing interview?
Will you still love me...?
POLL: Name 5 rappers who ACTUALLY create art and not just rap albums?
SOME1 FOR THE LOVE OF GOD!!! HELP ME!?
Have you ever \flashed\ or \mooned\ anyone?
One does not simply...?
what's your definition of sexy?
Who do you think is the backbone of DC Comics, Superman OR Batman (you can only choose one)?
What do you answer when someone asks \Are you okay?\ when you're clearly not?
If you remix your own song is the new version called a VIP?
What is your feel good song for Saturday?
What's your favorite bollywood movie?
What is the best day of the week, and why?
Concert same night as class?
Who do you prefer: Woody Allen or Quentin Tarantino?
keep watching naruto anime or move on with manga?
do you think every thought you have has already been thunk?
HELP ME PLEASE HOW DO I STOP BEING SO OBSESSED OVER HARRY STYLES I CANT TAKE IT ANYMORE ??!?!?
What do u think about while having a shower in the bathroom ?
Who can win in the long run Superman or the Hulk?
poll, why tyres only on down side of car why they not put tyres on top?
Who are your top ten Rappers?
What do you think this song means in your point of view?
Any recommended Romance Comedy anime? Other genres are fine too. Just make sure it's good! :D?
Breaking Bad on the television?
look at your time. what class would you be in if you were at school?
Have you ever bitten more than you can chew?
Why do most people think that to have a good time, you must drink alcohol?
Friends should be like Zero.....(Once click on this)?
What was your least favorite game in gym class?
Does a 3D film look strange without 3D glasses?
poll, do u do rofl when u write rofl?
What do you think of dating sites?
(UK) Would you tell your NHS dentist if you moved abroad?
This is a song I wrote called \Smiles Wisely\. Critique it.?
What are some Rappers that you like and what are some you dislike?
Do you own any pets,if so how many pets?
Does anyone know a manga/anime where the guy secretly cheats on his girlfriend?
Poll: are you contemplating on hitting on the person next to you?
Poll: How do you ask your crush out?
If you were famous what would you name your fans?
poll you love him or hate him???
What is your favorite Ludacris album?
Thief Poll: Do you routinely shoplift digital media like movies and/or games?
Do you think gay people are predijuce against straight people?
Poll: Do you think my crush is being mean to me?
Bathroom etiquette Poll: Do you close your bathroom door?
how often do you accidently eat expired food?
Why do people say movies usually suck compared to books?
Is Homosexuality Rare In Soaps?
I've got sunshine on a cloudy day. When it's cold outside I've got the month of May.?
Would you slap your crushes but if he told you too?
TRUE or FALSE................?
POLL: what do teachers do with your homework after your finsihed with them?
what happened to kiyomi takada of death note?
Who can I cosplay as!?
Poll~what was the last thing you were sincerely sorry for?
who is tollywood no.1 actor ?
Can you tell me what Dantalian no Shoka is about?
What are some good Indie and alternative songs?
POLL: why do guys like to slap girls butts?
POLL: Why do parents always say \After you have finished your homework?\?
how much can I expect to pay for an acoustic electric cello?
How can you have a 'good' life if you're working all the time?
POLL (Foodies): Anyone else out there completely and totally addicted to the Food Network channel?
Ladies how long would you wait for a guy if you have given him these signals?
How can I increase my range from 10 octaves to 12 octaves?
POLL: why do guys think butts are soft?
Name of this manga (see details below)?
POLL: can you ask the same quesitons more than once?
who is the sexiest woman?
True or False: most of your childhood memories are good?
POLL: what is homework?
What kind of pizza do people order on Superbowl day?
Would you rather have.....?
POLL: why do guys like bums?
So, How exactly is a person supposed to take a picture of their camera if they want to sell it?
What are your top 5 favourite films?
Poll - How do you Stay comfortable in cold weather?
1997 poll: Pokemon or South Park?
POLL: do you eat when you are hungry or do you eat breakfast lunch or dinner?
were there more people on this section few years ago?
Poll: Is Polls & surveys category still popular?
I am a brony, how do I tell everyone else.?
What did you think of the movie Lone Survivor? Also did you read the book?
Do you like the comedy series Mrs Brown's Boys?
Amanda Seyfried or Taylor Swift?
Poll: Is this true or false.....?
Indian parents won't let me sleep over at a friend's house?
Poll: If you turn off the lights in your room, how many LEDs would be lit?
Have you ever drank alcohol before?
what does it mean to have a crystal clear soprano voice?
Poll: Is it odd that I have a urinating song?
Poll: What are the negatives of being a Y!A user?
anime where the Mc makes a contract with powerful demons and gains there powers?
Need best astrologer in California, plz?
i have two potential paths, help me choose one!?
If you were a widow/widower, is it okay for you that your kids will leave you alone when they get married?
People with long hair?
How many email addresses do you have?
Which Disney villian would make a perfect Sith Lord and apprentice?
How many love your parents?
What anime and manga is this?
Do I have ponential to sing good?
Is blue exorcist worth it?
Killing must feel good to God too. He does it all the time, and are we not created in His image?
Are you the black sheep of the family?
POLLS: Why aren't many of the kids these days into music from the past?
Is it possible for a single guy to get an apartment?
What is your favorite Breakfast Sandwich?
Whats the name of this tv show?
Should I go for this Virgo guy or he doesn't like me? Please help guys?
Do you think Ariana Grande will be like Mariah One day?
Do you ever wish you were the opposite gender?
The manga Sora no otoshimono FINAL?:(?
What Are Some Good TV Shows?
Is it gonna be a problem if i stay in a single room at a bed and breakfast?
Pranks to do in someone's locker for revenge?
What does my dream mean?
Know any TV shows like Austin And Ally and Sonny With A Chance?
What's the name of this song please 10 points?
POLL: Coffee is not just a beverage, it's a cup of sanity?
Why do people make loud SSSHHH noises when they want it to be quiet?
CBB - What is the truth in the Lee/Casey gate issue?
What ages do you consider to be real stereotypical teenagers?
Would you rather be the strongest person in the world and have the physical form you want or have telekinesis?
What country makes you shiver?
What is this song?????
What are some things kids today are growing up with that I didn't grow up with?
How often do you get hit on?:D?
Are bed and breakfast managers allowed to ask personal stuff?
Did you find Lauren & Joey's romance cute?
Do You Like Blink 182? What Songs?
Which would be grammatically correct for my sentence: Smiths or Smiths'?
MARVEL COMICS: The Origin of the Ghost Rider?
Is it weird if a 17 year old doesn't know how a b l o w j o b works?
girls, what's more trendy: Square or pointed nails?
How is my voice? (Video Link)?
What is the best way to spend a saturday evening?
what do you normally have for lunch?
Would you say this person grew up with iPhones?
Poll what are your thought on young jackie chan ? Isn't he PHWOAR!!!!!?
What's was your favorite playground sport in school?
What does it mean when a guy tells his friend not to speak to you?
What do u think of a boy who asked a girl for help?
Is 5'2 short for a 17 year old boy?
How much of you people hates or dislikes Michael Jackson?
Do you prefer being single and have dozens of friends?
Only thing Emmerdale writers havent had as a storyline?
In the movie \Prisoners\ do you think that?
What's something you never expect to happen?
Will you tell the truth?!?
I want to know everything about star wars?
Is Gaara's tailed beast Shukaku a raccoon or a possum?
in which episode was ali haibara introduced in detecive conan?
question about game of thrones?
What anime character is this gif from?
Do you feel like Catwoman everytime you sharpen your nails? :D?
YO PEOPLE! WHY DID YOUNG BUCK DISS 50 CENT AND G UNIT?!?!??!!???!?
Is it okay for you that your kids will stay single for the rest of their life?
If you could have sex with a celebrity who would it be?
Is there any way to read dialogue on TV movies and dramas?
I am a big fan of Stark that I actually made a suit of armor using biosteel and aluminum. Funny is it?
Poll: does my computer have an std?
Can anyone recommend some good post hardcore, metalcore, or deathcore bands?
Is it legal to name your cute pet \Anonymous\?
What is your favorite Elton John song/s?
How can you have a good life if you're working all the time?
Has anyone seen the anime short film Aquatic Language/Mizu no Kotoba? If so what are your thoughts on it?
Which Game of thrones Episode of Season 1 we must watch in HD ?
Poll: does her body look fat?
Did something creepy ever happen to you and what did you do?
Dr. Who fans: What exactly was the time war?
Does it take a cowboy... to make great biscuits?
What do you think of my hair color in this photo?
Poll. Do you reply to all your yahoo mail sent by your contacts and others?
What part of the newspaper is most useful?
When you add color of car and your age?
what does the phrase young wild and free as used by wiz khalifa mean?
what ch does watamote anime end in?
What's your favorite resturant?
When does TOWIE start again? (2014)?
Does your Singing voice get better?
Can someone explain the country song \Heartland\ too me? by George Strait?
Why do women gossip about coworker's love life?
CBB - Dappy is a dunce?
How will a turtle change, if given testosterone shots?
How did you learn swimming?
Who is more nosey, neighbors or NSA?
In what dress you look sexiest?
Respected Sir/Madam,plz would u be kind enough to tell me about my future husband's description?
Do you miss the days when homework was just COLORING?
What is the best Christmas ever for us?
Do you think they could choose a black James Bond next, and who could it be?
Are you annoy when someone tells you you're wrong when they're wrong?
What 3d animation (film?) is this?
At what age you can ride a bicycle?
ToDrummers: Playing with better Guitarist more favourable ?
POLL what's your honest opinion on... 10 points?
Do you ever wish people didn't have such strong opinions about things?
P?ll::::What is learning according to you? theist and atheist can answer...?
Do you believe everything that people say to you?
If there is a sudden stratospheric warming event only over Russia, will the frigid air only go there too?
POLL what's the answer to this?
What would you do if?
Have you ever used the Labello fruity shine?
What is the duration of Kaal Sarp Dosha?
Ever go on vacation and wish you never had to go back?
what is the WAXX weekend word?
What's that rap song that says oshe bobby tash or sounds like it. It sounded a little like migos but Idk?
do you know a good anime website?
How many drinks do you have on occasions where you drink alcohol?
What is C? transposed down a major 2nd?
Have you read 50 shades of grey?
When will episodes 325 of one piece (dubbed) be released?
Big Brother , Beauty and Geek or Biggest Loser?
is there a job where you just sleep, eat, play football and video games?
I would like halp on an anime - sword art online?
Why do some people at my work get upset when I wear my 'Straight Pride' t-shirt in casual Fridays?
New Lil Wayne or Ymcmb Song out?
True or false: The loneliest people are the kindest?
Freinds TV show Celebrities?
OMG, Taylor swift does her own grocery shopping? Why do the people shopping next to her?
Why are Americans mostly in awe over British ways?
Do things happen for a reason?
Is riddick worth renting and watching?
RHH: Rate this verse 1-10?
Complete this sentence : \I may be many things but ...........?
what is that film about 4 or 5 guys who meet up after a long time in a cabin?
Why is it that you never show them to anybody?
Poll: Should a man watch porn?
What is the difference between maple syrup and golden syrup?
how come some people never pick best answers..? come on folks you can not be that lazy?
what are my personality traits?
I think Mama June is beautimous?
Why are most movies now a days rip offs?
What sins did Sinbad commit that were bad?
What are the names of these songs?
Are there any manga/anime like Kuroshitsuji out there? or related to butlers,servants,..?
American Pickers , Pawn Stars or An idiot Abroad?
Were you ever on TV or in a movie?
When is naruto shippudden episode 346 realese date?
Guys, do you usually eat junk food?
Poll :- Why do IQ tests consist of Maths questions only? Doesn't art require intelligence?
(yes / no) in your kitchen always has egg than meat or vegetable?
who wants coffee.........?
Who is the best R&B artist?
Girls, do you ever pick things up with your toes? Or is it just guys that do this?
If friend asked you to get rid of something personal, why would you keep it....?
When will episodes 325 of one piece (dubbed) be released?
Poll: Do you like polygamy?
Can you name a winter Paralympics sport and or athlete?
Cosplay ideas for a girl?
(yes / no) panda is funny and cutie than teddy bear?
How soon into your relationship did u say I LOVE U?
Why do people date online?
Somebody , Somebody , Somebody tell the truth ?
(yes / no) your favorite candy is chocolate?
Have you ever seen the Tv show - Strippers, cars for cash?
What is carl zeiss,if this brand makes cameras like sony,canon im really impressed with lumia camera?
(yes / no) you know whos mr.bean is?
(Yes / no) you know mario and luigi is?
Which Song or poem would you like to Make New National Anthem of India?
Poll :: Which clothing brand would you say as your favourite?
What's this movie can't remember?
How much will it cost to build a home singing studio?
Guess What Zodiac Sign tend like?
Went to a nightclub alone?
have you ever watched the TV show 'Catfish' on MTV?
Girls if english language is taught in england schools?whats need to teach?
<<~~ is it an insult if a state cop tells you you look like a mass murderer? it happened to me earlier?
Poll - Which is the 'IN' word these days ?
POLL Do you think G Dragon is hot?
Artist Poll : Do you like drawing guys or girls ?
buttoned or unbuttoned ,how do you usually wear your blouse/shirt?
If I go inside a pizza by the slice restaurant will I see the cooks throwing small triangular pieces of dough?
How to get signed to Def Jam/Island Records?
why would someone ask the same lame boring unfunny questions for 8 years, parroting each previous year?
What movie really gets you down?
Are companies that manufacture belts for pants in the waist management business?
Are the drivers who use the Braille ATM option recognizable by the white canes on the front sides of the car?
Plz tell today i got airtel prepaid new connection,after how much time sim will be activated?
Who sings this song? I really like it.?
What jobs might be good for someone who likes photography but isn't artistic about it at all?
How much will I need to pay you to quit internet forever?
Since funeral costs are so expensive would it make more sense to pass away when they are more affordable?
Girls only: Does it cause pain when i'm a virgin?
Can i have a guitar with just one active pickup?
If you throw your boomerang and it doesn't come back to you is it because it was just not meant to be?
new movies online.....?
poll - what do you enjoy doing?
How much you think about the one left you forever?
Love marriage or arranged?Interested in love marriage more!?
A very old lady keeps looking in my window?
I need help what can I do with my singing voice any answer will be appreciated?
Poll::Why can't we live alone in this world........?
What's a classic rock song I could record in acoustic?
Poll::What if we never find the right person............to live with?
What 2 animal work with the brazil nut to make it grow in the amazions?
what are your favorite websites?
Total Recall old or new which one is better?
P?ll::: Agree or Disagree...........?
how come everytime i get comfy i have to pee?
Why have people in the south more class than Yankees?
Romantic Anime With Jealous Guy?
I just want to upload the episodes of avatar the last airbender?
Why do you always have something negative to say? :(?
Do you know what i writte?
Similer songs like ://// Cobra Starship ft. Sabi - You Make Me Feel?
Are you a good chess player?
Why has any people life in a north pole or south pole..what has a reason ...?
Can any one tell me the first film's name of Suchitra Sen sahiba who passes away yesterday?
In the song Old School Love by Lupe Fiasco?
How the threats have changed now?
Is a opa gangnam style still booming or popular?
Why a girls like a justin bieber?
Why much boy didnt like justin bieber?
Are you busier on workdays or the weekend?
Why is my taste in music seen as weird!?
Has Polls & Surveys sunddenly turned into How Can I Figure Out Females?
POLL : Do you have a pet? What's its name?
Is a puddle dog, cutie than angora cat?
Are there a lot of women who never want babies?
Good morning - Does anyone know the trivia answers for 99.5 WRVE Albany NY and other stations 01.18.14?
Why do you think people get so scared when going to the dentist but feel ok when getting a tattoo?
Poll: why these girls show so much attitude?
Who is the tallest actress in Indian cinema currently?
I don't have anybody to play with right now?
Why i cant found \History channel\ on tv?
Similair bands to eskimo callboy and miss may I?
Is Mahabharata a flawed epic? 10 points?
Is this bikini patriotic or not?
What are some funny country names that you can think of?
Agree or Disagree, being mentally fragile is worse than physical fragile?
Can anybody tell me the name of all the anime characters in this pic?
What was it they used to call it when someone received this?
Will Y!A ever be glitch free?
What are you listening to?
How serious of a threat to consumers is the breach of credit and debit card security at Target?
Recommend A New Cartoon Show?
Poll : How's your NEIGHBOUR like?
Why don't guys get that when we say nothings wrong something IS wrong?
Poll: Do you think it's really convenient to live on campus (university)?
what are words that start with fa?
What one is on in Sochi this year Deaf Olympics, Paralympic, or Special Olympics?
Can you solve this????
True or false, everyone has a weakness?
Its 4am and i cant sleep..?
Would Johnny Depp be a good Adam Newman?
Why do girls complain about having a big butt?
I want to know what love is I want you to show me...?
At what age did you lose your virginity?
Can someone recommend me some similar artists?
Will My KETU MAHADASA Ruin My Life and Career?Please Advise?
If you had your very own emergency vehicle, which one would you like to have....?
Survey: Pittsburgh or Philadlephia?
Survey: If you were a King or a Queen......how would you rule your kingdom?
True or False: Dimples are cute?
which would you prefer...?
Who or what is your favourite artiste/band ?
Why do people write \LOL\ when their face has less expression than a brick?
True or false: Using Yahoo Answers! is fun ?
When you discover that the person you like smokes weed, what goes through your mind?
Poll: When someone reports your question what does your face look like?
Who's your favorite Disney Character?
At what age do you want to have children?
Poll : Do you like this song ?
Was Breaking Bad season 5 split into two parts?
Do YOU (or whoever cooks in your house) use actual cooking oil or pan spray?
Which one a \day\ in a week do you like?
If you could only choose eternal day or eternal night, which one would you choose?
What is something you have struggle doing?
If Nokia phones are indestructible, what about Nokia manufactured in China?
Who or what is the worst artiste/band according to you ?
Poll: Hawaii or Kawaii?
What superhero would you hire to guard your house while you are out of town and why?
Is it weird for a guy to not like the idea of \going down under\?
what do you call a man who begs different woman for a place to stay at night?
Do you buy ice cream from the ice cream truck in the summer or buy it from the store?
Is it normal for hot girls to ask a RICH guy they're dating for money?
Hip-Hoppers...Is your style Gangsta or Swag?
Poll: What is a type of clothing you'd never wear?
Hip-Hoppers...Is your style Gangsta or Swag?
Is 1997 part of the early nineties, mid nineties, or late nineties?
Survey: Why doesn't Yahoo establish a 'Chat' section?
Real zodiac sign? Vedic and Western Astrology?
what do you do when you talk a drink of your favorite hot beverage and it goes cold? do you swallow anyways?
What is better: dvdscr or webrip ?
What music drives you nuts?
What birth years grew up with iPhones?
Do you think anybody that has chewed on chewing gum has also swallowed it before?
How often do you daydream about kittens?
Anakin Skywalker vs Terra?
Why are fit guys with six pack forced to buy pants online? Stores don't sell 30X34 pants, not even Walmart?
What are some things kids today are growing up with that I didn't grow up with?
Have you ever been in love?
Do you think it's normal for hot girls to ask RICH guys they date for money?
What does it mean to get called a tease?
Is this dream realistic and achievable or not?
Have you ever said to somebody....?
True or false, you've been to a casino before?
best romantic animes?
Batman vs Superman pushed back to 2016?
If everyone on the face of this planet died tomorrow apart for yourself would you...?
Girls: Would you date a guy older than you 7 years?
Poll : Do you watch any sport.....?
I need help finding an awesome song that I heard could you help?
Poll : how old is your tv.....?
What sign does this girl look most like?
There's a drunk woman on my sofa, what should I do with her?
Do you upgrade your friends like you do your phone?
Anyone know this guitar chord?
I am multi tasking, I am typing on the answer forum, watching television,?
most mysterious crime ever committed?
Are you a Libra? Please list your favorite shows.?
Poll: If you could make your own Yahoo Answers Category, what would it be?
Bet you can't guess what this says...?
What would you do if you saw a Pineapple fly through your bedroom window?
Is learning to play the piano hard?
Scrape the burnt toast OR trash the burnt toast and start all over again?
English style apple pie or Greek style apple pie and what would you like to eat with it?
How did Kate Moss become a supermodel if she wasn't the average height to be model or runway model?
how fast can a bunny run?
Would you become a vampire, live forever, be young forever, knowing that to do so you'd need to take lives?
When is Naruto Shippuden english dubbed episode 225 and up coming out?
Can white people really sing or make music with as much soul as black people?
Why ppl falsely say that windows phone does nt lag or hang?
Are there any cute boys out there who share my hatred for pop punk music?
watermelon or strawberries for the weather today?
I am 6 foot tall and I want to lose weight and get in shape. What pants size to aim for?
Get yourself a lawyer son you're gonna need a real good one?
What is the most money you've ever had in your pocket?
What are some things that a person can never come back from?
True or False? Products made in Germany are among the best made products in the world today?
Who are some good singers?
B&B ..... What do you think of Brooke?
Survey: are you living in the country you were born in..?
choir final song choice?
Does it annoy you when someone blocks you but they answer your questions?
Poll: Can you name any 5 things that you need everyday?
True or false: You have been bitten by an animal?
Does anyone know where this scene is from?
Do I look too skinny?
Are You At Your Happiest When You're Alone Or Surrounded By People?
Poll::: What if someone Block us online?
What are some things kids today are growing up with that I didn't grow up with?
Poll : If i'd wake up as you tomorrow, what would i be doing?
Girls just said \never abuse women\,at same time she say women-men r equal?
If an 18 year old opened fire at school, would you blame the parents at all for what happened?
POLL: Are you undressing me with your eyes right now?
B&B .... What is going to happen to?
Why peaple see horror movies?
What time do you want me to wake you up tomorrow?
Do you prefer morning sex or night sex?
Superman Boxer Briefs: sexy or not sexy?
If I give you a million dollar to quit internet forever, will you do it?
What's your favorite mythological creature?
The ancient question: Love or money?
What was the last sentence you uttered in the last argument you had?
POLL : can you say a lullaby....?
Do you know what song this is?
Poll: Do you like girls generation?
For compatibility in the horoscope world...?
is Hatsune Miku a character in the black rock shooter anime?
Do you like to be naked at home?
Is it okay to get drunk every day?
would you jump into a tub full of frijoles for $100?
Who is your favorite character in phineas & ferb?
What is this ghost film called?
Are you addicked to anything like coffee or smoking?
Girls do you prefer to dance with shoes on or barefoot? Why?
What did you want to be when you grew up?
Recommend some good japanese dramas to watch?
what kind of pets do you have?
Poll:Would you ride a bus for free?
What's the best Megadeth album?
what popular book did you read and not enjoy?
Picture of Winona Ryder on Vulcan?
Poll : Do you think people under 16 should not be allowed on social networking sites?
Do you have a blu-Ray player hooked up?
Why do I attract sensitive/clingy men?
How do you take your coffee?
Who is this character?
Do you think the Full Moon affects people's behavior?
How do you take your steak?
What's the name of this song?
romance manga like bara no juudan?
How many times a day do you shower?
Is Guy Fieri really a prick?
The Hills, what happen between Jen and Lauren? Did they make up?
Do prefer to use kardashian pics on your toilet paper or biever cleaver dorkhead?
is the old yahoo answers layout back?
Whatever happened to all the greasers of the 1950s?
Is it weird to tell bands via twitter \I have high hopes\ for them to wish you a happy bday?
Who's that stumbling around in the dark?
Picture of Winona Ryder on Vulcan.?
Whats the name of this anime character?
is it considered rude not to get anything for my brothers pregnant girlfriend?
have you ever thought someone was out of your league?
POLL Would you get mad if someone copies you?
Please match kundli with this Girl. it is suitable for me? And when I get married?
If you can ask jesus a question what will you ask?
How to make quick money without a job?
Which city in the US would you like to live: Honolulu, Boston, NY, LA, Chicago, Seattle, Dallas, Miami, SF?
What is this anime character from?
Is fighting mandatory if you want to be a man?
Do you have a hobby that you keep a secret?
Poll: What would you do....?
What's a good drink or way to strengthen your rap voice?
can you really love a woman with facial hair?
Poll: Do you sometimes say things in a different language by accident?
Like or Dislike: going to weddings?
Today i called vodafone customer care,girl picked up phone?
Would you volunteer to do 4 days in a prison just to see what it's like to have your freedom taken away?
How do you drive a baby buggy?
Song that says \lumber\ in it?
If a 17 year old opened fire at a school, would you blame the parents at all for what happened?
should i get a gift for my brothers baby even though he said he already has everything?
If I go get a spray tan do I stand there naked as the girl sprays me?
When a girl tackles another girl to the ground, it is counted as a girlfight?
Legally speaking is it a mistake to turn over power of attorney to your cat?
Can we pay some aliens to kidnap Justin Biebler?
Poll: would you betray your friends of the same gender for people of the opposite gender?
YA only lets you select 20 countries?
Which are the funniest movies you've seen of all times?
Must watch 21st century movies?
What's your opinion on Falling In Reverse?
Which European country has the best looking women?
Guys: Would you know how to operate a breast pump in an emergency?
Have you loved someone who didn't love you?
would you stab a stranger to death to save a loved one?
What was this odd noise amplify?
What's the best movie to watch when you're feeling less than, like, living?
Good epitaph for a bird watcher? \Egrets I've had a few, but I did it my way.?
Plz help last night a streetdog bitten on finger of my 2year son?
What songs do you think i will like? PLEASE ANSWER!?
Tarot Card - not reliable?
Good Hallmark Card message for vegetarians? \My artichoke heart beets for you.\?
What did you think about Ender's Game (2013)?
anyone else think time is passing them by?
Guys: Which do you prefer? A girl with a great face and body, or one who is neat and tidy?
Suggest a Death Metal name to my new puppy dog?
What do you like to do when you are depressed?
What are some things kids today are growing up with that someone born in 1997 (17 years old) didn't?
Anime Like Sword Art Online?
Will the Kardashians ever go away?
I need help writing a chorus for a song?
Poll and Survey: Do you know the difference between friend and acquaintance?
Who do you think is the best artist form least to greatest? Kendrick Lamar, Kanye West, Jay Z or Lil Wayne?
Girls, what's your opinion on guys dying their hair?
What is the movie Name?
POLL : Puppy names help please?
Poll: Where would you rather live...?
t or f: food is the best?
T or F: Getting good grades in school doesn't mean you're smart?
My brother and his girl are having a baby, what kind of gift should i get?
Have you seen vending machines in Japan?
Poll: How many _____s do you have in your wardrobe (5 questions)?
Is DOOL over in September, 2014 ?
Poll: What's a movie you got really excited about watching?
What does it mean when you start lying about your age..?
What is the \Videos Gone Wild\ trivia and other Radio trivia help for 1/18/14?
Twinkly songs for a video montage?
What is the name of the song that goes like this?
How are Pisces Moons in bed?
Where can I read Kaiji?
Have you, or are you suffering from verbal abuse?
What sci/fi movie is this?
Are married women paid prostitutes?
If you could be trapped in a video game, which one would it be?
Anime like air gear where it's funny romantic and the main character isn't romantic?
What if anything do you buy online?
How quickly do your lips become dry?
How many time did these two groups hit the billboard charts?
Out of 10 stars, how would you rate 1D story of my life?
Poll: do you have an ex that you still love alot?
Why do people say u shouldn't buy a dog until you learn how to provide for the dogs needs, Yet people?
should I go to the movie or the hockey game?
What does a Queen bee sting feel like ?
Poll Was their ever a time where you felt like everybody you know is having babies?
POLL : What kid would you like to expect in the future - a boy or a girl?
Define this terms in English please?
Whos a president in state your stay now..?
Why do they call it Miss Universe, isn't \universe\ kind of ridiculous?
What do you fell about neknominations?
What's this piano sonata?
How old is to old to have never seen a naked girl in person?
Guitar help! Please!?
why is pop music played at prom?
Poll: What ? Have you ever spoken any other language in your dreams?
When is your next load of laundry due?
A census taker once tried to test you then what did you do?
survey: is it a good idea to have a business card even if you don't have a business ?
How much kid do you want in mariage..?
MOZART: Is this information true?
In your opinion, what was the best/worst top 5 albums of 2013?
Can you play poker??
could anybody ever love a cutter?
What on earth do these lyrics mean?
Whats wrong with this animal?, why them use bull for say something, to human..?
SURVEYS : Do you reply to every comment made on your picture on facebook?
Can I still do my job?
Does You Think It's Weird For A Boy To Have A Profile Picture Of A Girl .. !?
Poll: Are you a really private person?
If you could choose to stay a certain age forever, what age would it be?
Who is the King of Folk music?
Ladies: if your husband made a lot of money, didnt need you to work, have a nanny; as a wife....?
What do you do when vending machines steal your money?
May i have this dance?
Does Draupadi of Mahabharata deserve respect? 10 points?
Movie's like the follwing?
What is the name of the song?
Anime like Zetsuen no Tempest?
Have you ever given a hug and asked someone to pass it on and keep it going?
What are some good animes?
What's your favorite website?
What's your favorite Eminem song?
What do you all think of Pink Moon?
advice on strumming a guitar?
Where to find the movie (online) called The Talking Dictionary)?
Why do you look like that?
What is the most awesome, greatest song from the 80's?
what is the best episode of doctor who?
If you had a price... How much would you be?
Do you know what the name of this movie is?
what are some good rap songs?
Does fighting & morphine mix well?
Is the tomorrow people a good show?
What movie is this.....?
What should I name my movie?
Do you prefer Starbucks or Dunkin Donuts?
Are you the living proof that a certain stereotype is true?
Is Digital Spy Safe...?
What is the name of this song?
Astrological remedies?
Star Trek Original Series Help?
Directioners: Is it true that this band is opening for 1D's tour?
How difficult is it for you to gain weight?
In high school, do/did YOU usually sit in the front, middle or back of the classroom?
When was the last time you got some exercise?
Do you remember when the Dating Game was on TV followed by the Newly Wed Game and then followed by?
What scales does slash use?
What TV shows are you looking foward to watching this year the most?
Is the last frontier the space between our ears?
Did you know that DVDs were released in 1997?
Isnt white house down just a combination of die hard and air force one?
Please interpret a short lyrics?
How come stunt people have no Oscar category?
Yugioh GX Which Character you like and why?
What birth years would you assume remember VCRs and VHS tapes?
What are Trey Parker's and Matt Stone's fan mail address?
If you could write a message across the sky?
Do you eat McDonalds?
What are some good hip hop/ rap music that has a positive message and doesn't cuss every other word.?
What is the most funniest video you've seen on Youtube?
Can someone help me find a Hindi movie?
What's the first letter of the English alphabet?
Have you ever made a home made pizza?
Can you guess what year the first smartphone came out in?
Did Miles Elliot get the part to play Jason Steed in the FLEDGLING JASON STEED Movie?
Can I put a pin back in a grenade?
What are your favorite South Park episodes?
Wal-Mart employees claim they were fired because they protested. Would Wal-Mart ever treat their?
What are your favorite bands?
If you had to sing a song to a baby which song would you sing?
Why do people hate \The Amazing Spiderman\?
Why do babies like pacifiers?
Around what year did young kids start having smartphones?
Which theme song is worse?
Trying to find a movie?
In the movie The Incredibles...?
This guy likes me and told his friend not to speak to me?
GUYS ONLY. advice from a man's points of view?
Clever anime reccomendations?
If you were trying to flirt with me what are some things you might say to me?
does anyone know why gig young committed suicide back in '78??????? he was an actor and killed his?
Isn't the movie \Olympus Has Fallen\ a rip-off of \Die Hard \ ?
Do kids 9 and under have cell phones where you live?
Manga & Anime Suggestions, Please?
What are 5 things you would buy if you were RICH?
How come you don't let the cow keep her own milk and you drink Almond milk?
Will I ever convince my boyfriend that he won't lose me?
Do you think that you will regret the amount of time you spent wasted on the Internet?
What foods do you eat that make you feel like this (see below):?
Poll: have you ever tried these things?
Why don't I understand any of the 90s kids nostalgia?
What you like winter....?
Is my ketu mahadasha going to be bad for me?
Do you live near railroad tracks?
Can anyone help me download I.j Quinn songs?
What would be the best thing about being RICH?
POLL: FAVORITE SONG?
How come she hasn't responded back to my text I never asked asked her if I was cute she just said it?
Ladies, what would you do...?
POll: Victoria Justice Or Ariana Grande?
Do you prefer hot or cold water showering?
Do things happen for a reason?
Why hasn't she texted me back I texted her saying hi its me insert my name?
Poll: Is there something about a nice pair of sexy legs on a woman that is just so irresistible?
Why do songs have to rhyme?
Survey: You just bought yourself a new phone and few days later, the screen cracks. What do you?
Can anyone translate these Japanese Kanji into English?
Help, I need new music??? c': (I'll answer yours btw)?
Is Iron Man offically called THE Iron Man?
What traits make up a feminine guy in your opinion and what signs are more feminine.?
When you take pictures with flash, do you look gross?
What placements can make someone stubborn t?
So far are you enjoying your three-day weekend?
Is it weird to be turned on by this?
Ayo ! categorize your opinion high quality , mid quality or low quality lyricist ,, lyrics?
What are some of the best Horror movies and some of the worst Horror movies?
Film starring Linda Gray working with chimps and bonds with one called Amy.?
Suppose someone offered U $123456789 to spend 1000 days in a hotel room with no outside contact. Would U do it?
Best vine you've seen?
Polls & Surveys: Are you any good at charades?
Poll: When was the last time you went to the movie theater?
What's the solution to this \When you see it picture\?
What is your favorite metal band?
Would you ladies date a guy who was a 7 or 8 months younger than you?
Poll: Have you ever played Candy Crush?
What if anything you feel more comfortable wearing to sleep, or do you sleep in your b-day suit?
Is the word politics a combination of the Greek word that meaning 'many' and ticks? Which would make?
Do you ever feel crazy/ depressed or undecided ?
What is your favorite flag ?
Survey: You enter the dorm and your roommate is being romantic with his/her partner. What do you do?
What's a reason my crush's coworker tells other people he likes me?
Is Edgar Allan Poe's poem \The Raven\ something to crow about?
If you could start any job in the world tomorrow what would you choose?
I'm new to the P&S section what should I expect here?
Would you date a guy ladies if he was 22 but never had a gf?
Girls, from 1 to 10 how important is to you that your boyfriend/husband be romantic?
Lets swap clothes this second what would i end up wearing?
What Anime should i watch?
Which prominent politician could be the inspiration for a movie titled \The Fat and the Furious\?
Is it ok that when I found out when the Jonas Brothers broke up.........?
For the really important decisions in your life do you consult your horoscope or use the Ouija Board?
Name of Animated Movie?
Poll: What do you think of this video?
If a black hole was heading to Earth, what would you do?
how did stan lee create the villain venom for spider man?
POLL: Is getting married in your 20's too young?
So did you people wish Bigfoot a happy birthday like I told you to?
what do you think is the worst best picture winner?
what song does the choir sing in the movie the book thief?
What's This Song Called?
What does it mean when a guy playfully hits you?
songs that relates to relationship problems?
I have a question about the Transformers film series?
Which show is better, Game of Thrones or Doctor Who?
Why would a guy tell his friend not to speak to you?
POLL Do you think these are symptoms of a migraine?
How long do you think you'll be able to watch this?
Poll: Would you still eat it...?
Indian / Hindi Music help?
Is there an accent you find annoying?
Survey: You're at a meeting and an attractive stranger stares at you for couple of seconds. What do you do?
Survey: Have you dated someone from a different race?
Is swimming in the mainstream a lame dream?
Why is it always the Disney kids that go crazy when they get older, BESIDES THE MONEY!?
Is Post-Hardcore Rock music?
how long until i see results?
How is your Saturn return going?
Poll : 10 pts to the person who describes this myers briggs type?
what anime is this anime character from?
How can has one thinking has a life in mars or in moon?
is the present moment all that matters?
polls: ok i have a dilemma?
What is something that is un-Australian?
Do you think a alien is real or ....?
How do you react if your two year old son says \Where do black people come from\?
Agree or disagree: Bullying is a mental illness?
Do some (insecure) people only go after people less attractive than them as a way of..?
Why is he so mean to me?
Is a tomatos a vegetable or fruit?
Can a baritone have a tenor's range with enough practice?
Does anyone recognise this anime?
Who would win these fights?
Who used to think Tom and Jerry were a law firm?
Survey: At the gym, you notice someone lifting heavier weights than you. What do you do?
what song is playing in season IV trailer for Game of Thrones?
What is this piece of Renaissance/Medieval music in this movie...?
How to get noticed as a rapper?
Poll:Have you ever read 50 shades of grey?
If you were to ask everyone on earth if Homosexuality was wrong or not?
What did Annie eat and how did she kill herself?
Ladies: if you were to marry a guy with a kid, would you prefer the kid to be much older or still little? Why?
Poll: Its friday night, can I get a Oorahh?
Do relatives ever discipline and tell their younger kids that they don't want them to turn out like you?
Shark Tale or Finding Nemo?
Can you sue a restaurant over a hair in the food?
What is the name of this song?
Survey: What is the biggest mystery to you?
What is the name of the song in south park?
Eyes open Taylor Swift on cello?
How can I lower my larynx so I can sing in a higher range?
do you think i need to lose weight? if so how much? 9(pics) do you like my body?
what r the most popular bands exept nirvana and coldplay?
Who finds Kenya Moore funny?
Survey: You're at the store, in the check-out queue that seem not to be moving. What do you do?
Survey: Would you ever go to jail for something you believe in?
Need help finding a movie.?
what r some good riddles?
POLL: Is it bad for a man to punch a woman in her stomach?
Is the movie boys dont cry scary?
Please help i need a good anime!!!?
How do you pray......?
Do you think celebrities get offended when they are nominated for worst actors?
True or False: You get what you give?
What is your best find at a thrift store or a garage sale?
do you think the only time women should be buying undies & bras from Victoria's Secret...?
Boyfriend never says I'm pretty?
Which Godzilla films should I watch?
If you are a chef, What chocolate mixing wanna u made...?
Poll: What if a guy asked you on a date and happened to a US Marine, would you hold it against him/her?
What are relevant love movies like...?
When was the last time you bought a new computer?
Why do people get angry when classics are remade?
Who are your ALL-TIME top 5 Female Singers?
Any sad songs like I think that I would die?
Survey: You've asked your crush out but she didn't reciprocate the feeling. What do you do?
help! could he have recorded?
Do you ever drink alcohol alone, at home?
What if the Beatles had stayed longer and released one more album?
What is big and juicy and good to eat?
Chocolate cake or strawberry short cake?
Explicit scenes in Borat?
Best Heavy Metal Albums?
What a beach is fastastic was u going?
Do you think the Klitschko brothers are boring?
Survey: In the shower/bath, you usually ........?
Poll and Serveys, would you take the challenge?
How do I beat Riku in the race?
Do you like traveller by plane, a train, or ship...?
Ladies: What hobbies can you think of for men at the store when you're shopping?
has the yahoo homepage changed?
Which vocal range am I in?
I want to date a white guy try something new?
Polls: Least favorite music genre?
Are you alright,uptight or outasight?
What to do when u feel lonely?
Do you think your young teacher in school is sexy?
Why is saturn's energy so dark?
Why is it like this in anime shows?
what are u doing now?
Survey: The teacher erases the board when you're halfway through what was to be noted. What do you do?
How can I get a high vocal range like Vic Fuentes from Pierce The Veil?
Does this girl who I met today at a hair style store like me?
With who do you like traveller: by self, with friend, with family, with girl/boyfriend...or....?
Synth used by the devante swing ?
What a train station in your place is save from criminal?
Anime with the best storyline?
hello how about your day?how do you feel now?
Nas' 3rd verse on Ether vs. Jay-Z's 2nd verse on Takeover?
Poll: From 1-10, How crap is this....?
Light Yagami vs Lelouch Lamperouge?
is hollywood will make another batman movie in 2016?
Who are the members of the Oscar Academy?
What do you do sleeping in the train, in short line?
Why the girl i like friend said she like me?
Who do you think were the main 4 Destiny's child members?
Are you still friends with who you met in high school?
What are your top 10 fav songs?
DBZ characters vs Naruto characters?
Russell Johnson or Dave Madden: which one should I be more upset about?
A Beatles song that goes like this...?
need new metal bands to listen to?
What would I need to change the sounds of my electric guitar?
Poll: When was the last time something good happened to you?
can anyone think of a plasma joke??
If I advertise that my store is open 24/7 do the hours of operation have to be continuous?
POLL Do you think these are symptoms of migraine?
Good Workout Playlist?
Would you rather have someone that'll cook for you or clean for you?
SkyWalker 7's Poll: What are you afraid of?
Poll: What do you eat more of - in general - ? Fast food or home-made food?
Are water bottle sales in the state of West Virginia going through the proverbial roof?
I didn't understand Carrie's ending?
Why is Beiber so popular if there are nothing but bad opinions about him on here?
At what age are men and women most attractive?
-poll- What do you think of the pic below?
Was Tolstoy's working title for War and Peace \War! Huh! What's It Good For\?
What will you do in a few hours?
What street is Honest Eds located on?
Do you find this a little creepy?
What is the most delicious food in your fridge right now you got your eyes on?
What are some commercial uses for recycled cat litter?
Survey: What do you think?
I which book would I find the oldest trick?
Poll: What do you think of Justin Bieber?
Anybody out there who lives in the North Pole (serious question)?
Poll: Do you listen to music backwards?
What is something that you have to get serious about in 2014?
I am watching hockey in my igloo, you know what country I am in eh?
Polls and Surveys: when was the last time..?
If you were sad, what would you do?
In movies/TV, do people actually have to have sex in sex scenes?
i looked up the adult actress megan martinez but there is a profile with her picture?
Would you rather travel around North or South America?
What is the one similarity between twilight sparkle and raven?
SkyWalker poll: Does it make you upset when someone picks their nose in front of you?
What type of employment would be best suited for my ninja warrior skills?
Why did this Sagittarius girl lose interest?
Where would you love to live?
Question about season 2 of supernatural (spoilers)?
does anyone know any song that has a guitar and bass doing the same riff?
How has 2014 been going for you so far?
Who is your favorite antagonist?
question for men... uh.what's your shoe size :)?
Yamcha vs Sage of the Six Paths ?
What's your career goal?
What kind of music is this right here?
U can't touch this the best song of all time?
Besides having a pulse what are the qualifications for a Wal-Mart greeter?
Did anyone see the movie Devil's Due? how was it?
Whats the cure for a 58 year old with Peter Pan syndrome?
What Star Wars character describes you the best?
what is the dumbest thing you've ever done?
Sky >7< Walker Poll: Do you like pop sickles?
What was the high point of your day today?
whats ur fav beyonce song ?
If someone tried to car jack the Cash Cab on TV would he still be required to answer a set of questions?
What are some nice songs to play in DADGAD tuning?
Have you eaten expired food knowing its expired?
SURVEY : NON-SMOKER'S : What are your thoughts on people that smoke cigarettes?
Random poll- would you date a guy/girl that wasn't traditionally pretty/ handsome?
Please Help pokemon y torchic event?
Who is the Prettiest out of these?
Poll: Have you ever heard a person with this name?
What should I do about this?
Should I leave my Band? *READ DESCRIPTION*?
Whatever happened to...?
Thoughts on freddie gibbs?
Is it wrong for a high school senior and a high school freshman to date?
CBB...Luisa to win so far...isn't she proper BB stuff?
how do you store comic book paperback volumes ?
What anime (Romance, Comedy, Slice of Life, School) would you recommend?
in bbc sherlock is sherlock gay or bisexual ?
Please answer my survey here?
DOOL - Awesome idea for who is taking pictures of Abby & EJ !! What Do You Think?
Which of these would most people chose?
Is Pierce The Veil/ Sleeping With Sirens/All Tome Low punk?
Poll: if you could sing like any singer who would you want to sing like?
True or False: I don't trust your equations?
rate my short rap plzzzzzzz?
What is the greatest feeling in the world?
Poll: Do you like your Weetabix hot or cold?
Would you rather; Be liked by your bf/gf more than you like them or be liked less than you like them?
Can men focus on two things at once?
What is the way I should celebrate the Super Bowl Game?
Sky-Walker Poll: Does your vision of life need a reboot?
What is the best holiday of the year?
What is the best nation in the world?
What is the best night of the week for TV?
Poll: What is the worst thing you have done in high school?
Poll: why do guys bullying girls to an extreme?
With DC building its own cinematic universe, is it possible for there to be a Crisis on Infinite Earths film?
What is the best comedy TV show of all time?
whos pregnant on eastenders? (who do you think it is)?
Is it obvious that I'm Canadian?
girls, what would you do?
girls, what would you do?
What would happen if I told this guy harassing me at work that my dad wants to speak to him?
Do you give lift to strangers?
How will be my Jupiter mahadasha?
Would you rather be at a carnival or circus?
Could the Arctic Monkeys be called punk?
Do you like it or hate it when you are singing and then some idiot starts singing with you?
Where can I watch One Piece episode 313 english dubbed?
What is your opinion of KETCHUP on a HOT DOG?
Is it wrong for a high school senior and freshman to date?
Which would you prefer mikyway or three muskateers?
when was the last time someome hurt your feelings?
Anime series recommend please?
Poll: Do you put Ketchup ON or NO Ketchup your Hot Dog?
What are some good recommended TV shows to watch?
How hyper are you from 1-10?
Why are digital comics as pricy as the real prints?
Why are digital comics as pricy as the real prints?
Why are digital comics as pricy as the real prints?
Which 2000 theme song is better?
Why are digital comics as pricy as the real prints?
How can I improve on the pacer test FAST !! ?
Do you agree/disagree with this video on relationships?
ash ketchum didn't catch em all?
Is it wrong for a high school junior and freshman to date?
What's your favorite greasy hangover food?
Does a Cineworld unlimited card show your age when you book a film?
Question about the \ alaskan Pipeline\?
My goldfish seems to be flirting with me. Is she just being koi?
Does your world suddenly descend into madness when the cable company puts you on hold?
Do you wear turtle neck sweaters even during the summer because of the prison tattoos on your neck?
According to the custom you have, I always set free a prisoner for you. Who you want mé to set free?
whats the last thing you put in your mouth?
What are some punk bands?
Is this a good dance number for bollywood dance at uni?
What music collabs would sound good?
What do you think of my rap song?
POLL: Have you ever played 7 minutes in heaven?
Best Alice Cooper Album?
Why is Crust Punk a thing?
Best Alice Cooper Album?
Am I the only one................................?
Poll: What song always gets you in the mood to dance?
What is the buzz on the street about the bee keeper who was caught in an FBI sting operation?
Your top 5 horror movies of all time?
Who do you think should be the sexiest user on here alive?
sooo do you like cheese? :)?
Rock and Pop: What are some musicians who don't fall into the rock/ pop category that you enjoy?
Have you ever spanked someone in public?
Background artwork websites from animes?
Big party tonight.. lots of hot ladies, should I wear this?
Should I watch the Tudors?
Will there be another icarly this 2014?
Poll: Has more people in your Family gone to College or gone to Jail?
Have you ever felt Euphoria?
Has anyone ever met the following actress?
Am I slow or was the movie American Hustle hard to keep up with at times?
HOW STRONG WOULD BATMAN BE WITH A YELLOW LANTERN RING??
What are the best pop/rock bands ?
What are some good songs for a bass range of voice?
Would my GF enjoy this for our 2nd anniversary?
What do you think of this lady?
What celebrity did you never realize was attractive?
Name the zombie movie!?
Is being put on death row the secret to longevity? A 53 year-old man was finally executed for a?
Hellboy vs Thing (Fantastic Four)?
Sword art online extra edition?
What Action animes you will recommend me to watch in 2014?
where can i watch lost?
Poll: What mustard is best to use on a hot dog?
Do you ever wonder what is would be like to have friends?
Which is the best route to take when trying to get my script Bible to someone interested in a t.v. pilot?
Poll: Did you ever tell someone you liked them only to be rejected by them?
If John and George were still alive, do you think The Beatles would eventually have had a reunion?
POLL: What's the best, most underrated movie?
Ferrari 458 Italia vs. Lamborghini Veneno?
Code Geass question. Help?
How was the easiest break up you ever had?
Question for Of Mice & Men fans?
How many points have you had deducted this week?
What is the Funniest CHEECH and CHONG album that isn't their greatest hits album?
When you invite guests over for dinner do you ask if they want BEANO so there would no GAS after dinner?
Can someone who speaks Spanish translate this?
why did Demi Lovato and Selena Gomez stop being friends?
What is a manga like LOVE JUNKIES?
What do you usually say in reaction to something really aggravating?
How can we save Justin Biebler?
Hi idea dimebag darrel has a guitar with a metal front?
Does Paul McCartney Suck?
What in your opinion is the craziest religion?
What should I give my GF for our second anniversary?
favourite/ great song lyrics?
Is Judge Judy real or staged?
Poll: True or False: You will date someone different race/ethnicity from you?
Poll for guys: Do you like independent women?
Stuff that are like netflix?
True/False: Don't hate someone over something they can't control?
Question for adults 25 and up: Is this true?
What do you think of my future children's names? + BQ?
Where can I buy lesser known Lantern Corps shirts?
Why am i so silly? Will i ever grow up?
poll, do you think about yahoo answers and all the users when you're off-line?
What would you do if a giant praying mantis knocked on your door and asked to read your gas meter?
I have a really strange and awkward question?
What's a hot looking umbrella going to do for you?
What are some good character names?
What would you do if a purple elephant flew past your window?
Why do you hate today's generation?
whats my favourite game?
Who's your favorite American idol winner?
Who do you think the last surviving beatle will be: Paul or Ringo? Why?
Does Pamela Anderson mind when regular fans compliment her breasts?
How tasty is banana chips and banana fry; 1 to 10?
Girls, how do you feel about the \shocker\?
Why do mondays suck in your opinion?
Have you clicked dislike on Friday music video?
What are these users up to in my contact list?
poll, my hormones are raging, what should I do? I'm wild and crazy?
Girls: What do you like in a guy?
DOOL : What shocker is going to happen at Ariannas christening?
DOOL : What shocker is going to happen at Ariannas christening?
CBB: Dappy 'if you hear me rap you'll know how smart i am'?
Why is there no rape scene in Flowers in the Attic?
Inspired POLL: If you were on a bus and saw a man brutally punch a passenger you would?
Is it possible that this girl likes me?
What is your song? You know the one..?
Who is your Favorite Person on TV ?
What quick snacks you buy on the go when hungry?
POLL: Am i missing out if i don't party in college?
Is your GPA going up or going down?
why do more than half the people on here ask questions, get the answer, then never rate the advice!?
How do I make myself get up early?
CBB: why is Lee trying to appear as the victim?
What's the worse thing you've ever tasted?
need help please! 12 degrees pisces?
I really need some advice, my friends are ignoring me?!?
What do you think of McDonald's coffee as compared to other coffee?
Poll - What is one thing you really want in the near future?
Can you guess which one of the following actually correctly defines a psychopath?
What do you do when your significant other is mad at you?
RHH: Eminem vs Nas vote who's better?
What are the most disgusting things people do in public?
the fosters episode 4?
Poll - If you have one, what are some things you hate about your BF/GF?
which name do you like better?
Poll - What are some things that are annoying about girls?
Sword Art Online Question?
What is the difference between a 3/4 guitar and a 7/8.?
What anime is this from?
Why am I so harsh sometimes. I tear people down with my words when hurt?
What ways do you conserve water?
Poll - What are 3 things that you like to do when you're bored?
Can you tell the difference between a bad and a good guy?
How could they do a dexter spin off?
Swerve To Avoid A Box-A Joke?
What are your opinions on Pink Floyd?
Where can I get these Fitted Caps?
What do you do when you see a repeat sign at the beginning of a measure?
Has anyone ever met the following actress...?
Sons Of Anarchy or Breaking Bad?
Do you believe we should reopen auschwitz for the Kardashians?
Can anybody tell me when High school of the death season 2 soming out?
is it weird that i think billie piper is hot?
What do you think is better ?
A python or a Iguana? Which one is more compatible with a dog in the house?
Who Is Greatest Actor Ever?
Who Is The Greatest Actor Ever?
why do some many americans only shower in the morning?
Does anyone know this song?
Does anyone know were I can find this funny Ed Edd n Eddy moment?
Does anyone know were I can find this funny Ed Edd n Eddy moment?
Girl poops in hot tub. What song in bg?
What is your favorite salad dressing?
Why are women so crazy about Channing Tatum?
Poll: What is an irrational fear of yours?
Do you go to ikea, buy heaps of stuff and then regret it?
What do you think about someone who smirks a lot?
Did President Andrew Jackson talk to the Bell Witch, do u think she is for real?
What do you believe in more? Bigfoot,ufos,ghosts or the loch ness monster?
Could I get in trouble for this?
What is this song please?
Does your mum knock on the door before entering the room?
Should I take her to Disney World?
POLL: What would the US be like if Batman's archnemises The Joker became President?
Will The 2014 Oscars Be Aired In The UK ?
Is it ok for me to eat leftover pizza from last night for breakfast?
Have you eaten Jackfruit that taste like honey?
Survey: What ? Do you remember who your first contact was?
What Korean drama is this?
Where is The C-key on my new musical keyboard?
have you seen anyone famous?
Do you remember the thing that happened at that place at that time?
Im looking for romantic movies?
Do pictures of Indian sweets on google look tempting?
Poll: Do you like playing with rubber ducklings in the bath?
If someone from a different race asked you on a date, what would you say?
Is Cinematography only really useful in Action Films?
True or False: You put hot sauce on your food?
Do you think it's time Justin Bieber pays for his crimes?
Do all girls always have a crush on some other girl, for sure?
Poll: OMG Did Jay Sean have a baby?
I have a very cold nose. What should I do?
Emmerdale: Declan and Charity?
Poll: Do you know what your next public holiday is?
Anime like Dragon Ball where main appears after training to help?
What is your opnion on Leos?
Poll: Do you emails from people here in Y/A?
How is my singing?(Video link attached)?
Is snoop a bigot toward women?
Where do you see yourself 10 years from now?
CBB - Will you be shouting \get ...........out\ at the tv tonight?
Poll: If you were looking for a house/apartment what would be most important to you?
CBB - Will you be shouting \get ...........out\ at the tv tonight?
Why do the audience stand up?
Music isn't as good as it used to be?
Is The Newsroom A Good Show?
Any cool things to do in Flintshire, ( it's 8 o'clock in the evening ) ?
Would taking a nap after drinking coffee ruin the affects of coffee?
Should I take my behind the wheel test in a large truck?
I don't have enough swag. How can I get more swag? PLZ HELP!!!?
all tv shows similar to body of proof?
Name of this piano song?!?
all tv shows similar to body of proof?
Which is the most tempting color for ice cream?
Statocaster with three humbuckers?
Are you scared of commitment?
Nutella makes me poop...?
I feel spaced out/almost as though I'm in a trance?
in Harry potter whre did they flim hagrid's hut?
Sex on Celebrity Big Brother house - Jasmine Waltz & Lee Ryan!!!!?
Would you have sex with your parents in the house?
What TV show have you been binge watching?
Agree or Disagree: Long distance relationships are doomed to fail from the start?
What is required to become a professional or virtuoso pianist?
Is this normal for a singer / how do I fix this?
This is very vague??
Bury the hatchet tour bands?
How to escape a devilish Capricorn?
Does high school really matter?
Is it strange to be friend's with your ex's?
What is the name of this classical violin piece?
What's not healthy for you but you keep doing it?
Hey, do you miss MSN messenger?
When did Ke$ha get so hot?
What clothing fad would you like to see make a comeback?
Poll: Do you think Kim Kardashian is pretty?
POLL: Have you ever cried over a break up?
What is meant by Rahu ketu dosha and its effects?
RHH: Why are NAS fans so ignorant?
TOwer of terror movie??? Help Disney film?
Who out of the Muppets do you identify with?
Buy or sell: Nas is best rapper alive?
What causes a person to be afraid of levers?
Is it weird that when i'm falling asleep I can feel my body slowly going numb?
Who sing's a female cover version of Miike Snow's \Animal\?
Did Dre make Eminem or were they just perfection together?
How long would catching up on the naruto manga take?
what song are you listening to now?
was jonah hex ever a union soldier in the new 52?
Know any anime with older woman and younger male relationship?
Oldies song help identify?
Is \How Do I Breathe\ by Mario an appropriate wedding entry song?
How to meet someone with a similar taste in music?
American football the worst sport ever invented to non US citizens?
Have you ever made someone cry?
How do I become the Green Goblin?
When people complain about Y!as new layout, I think about Sheldon Cooper?
Are there any really good science presenters on US television?
Are you afraid of elevators?
Can women and men be friends?
Yeah! Back to normal!?
Why are people so obsessed about the weekend?
POLL: How long does it take you to get to sleep?
What's a good prank to do on a 11 year old girl, 13 year old boy ,and 13 year old girl?
Can someone give me some Shounen-Ai animes? NO LOVELESS!?
Aries(male) Birthday gift ideas ?
Do you think that certain ghosts are capable of physically harming a human?
What will be your reaction if you've to spend your life without ANY Relationship(Every Types) ?
items needed to paint a guitar?
music video similar to bad romance?
Is there a sub genre of jazz. Noir jazz?
The wood Lovers Are ;?
Jazz song for a group dance?
music video similar to bad romance?
Only if you have use one. Best scar cream.?
POLL: Have you ever had a word that you don't know how to spell but you never bothered to learn it?
PLEASE HELP - ANYONE KNOWS MATCH MAKING?
music video similar to bad romance?
where is a website that tells you everything about Scorpios ?
How do I cite the Hunger Games if I do not know which page to get the information off of?
what is my personality like?
\I'M NOTHING WITHOUT RELATIONSHIPS\-which signs can say this ?
i have 89.6 in English can that round up to a 90? can someone explain how rounding works?
How many ways are there to say yes and are they?
need some more music?
Would it be better to stay as an independent artist or should I sign to a label?
Does an aries woman go better with a scorpio or cancer man? (Five stars for best answer)?
When will creepy be seen as the new sexy?
Whats a good anime to watch?
Do you like Megazone two three?
what anime is he from?
What song is this, I need to know quick?
Can you play 5-String bass songs on a 4-String bass and would it sound good?
Poll: were you asked this question as a kid?
Sometimes Below My Chin It hurts when I yawn?
Why are the ads so loud in Pandora?
How funky is your chicken? How loose is your goose?
PLEASE let me know what you think?
Would you rather have an MD or a PhD?
at what age did dean (from the show supernatural) started drinking??
Which actor would you like to play New James Bond? ( Tell Me Your Opinion )?
where can i Buy a M.I.C album?
Short animated movies with english subtitles?
I have 4 simple questions for you(10 points for complete answer)?
Who usually makes the first move, you or your S/O?
Sinking the 8ball on the break?
Have you ever regretted telling someone that you loved them?
POLL: Do you think people on welfare should do regular and random drug tests?
do you have to have certain genes to be a top athlete?
DOOL. So will whoever it is that is spying on EJ and Abigail?
Who played bass on Natalie Imbruglia's \Torn\ ?
Hello I am looking for songs that are jungle or lion related we have the song roar but need to mix it!?
What's the name of the Education Connection girl?
Which is better the Iphone 4S or the Lumia 800?
Agree or Nyet: Wonders never cease?
i keep thinking of something personal i told someone?
POLL: Peeps, what do you think of Pitbull?
Hey evry1 Happy New year..!!?
SURVEY: How deeply have you suffered until now?
What are some songs with the word 'Cry\ in the title or lyrics?
What does black skin feel like?
Poll: Would you fly on this airplane?
exactly what was it that the?
Does your butt sag a little, or is it firm and perky?
Have you seen a girl with a moustache?
Survey: Were (/are) you more depressed in your teenage years?
What time do you usually get up at?
When is Patrick Star's birthday?
What are some of the things we do for love?
I edited those 2 photos of me. what do you think?
Improvements to school curriculum... Advice...?
poll: Do women find it romantic when you write their name in blood all your walls?
Why do girls make guys jealous?
How many Lara Croft films have there been?
Survey - What's your favourite festival?
Poll:- Have you ever voted someone else as the best answer instead of yourself?
Do you skip the first slice of bread?
Which Fleetwood Mac song do you like better?
anime where the an character has something sealed inside of his arm?
How to improve vocals (high pitch)?
-poll- What do you think of the song Qu'appelle Valley Saskatchewan by Buffy Sainte-Marie (video below)?
What city and state were you born in?
One of my neighbors always farts?
Poll: The \renewed\ Youtube absolutely sucks?
90s rap vs today's hip pop ?
Poll: How are you going to do your hair today.?
whats so special about skype.. i just downloaded it i do not see the appeal?
Friday nights.................?
Is a box of chocolates and some flowers all it takes to win your affections on Valentines Day?
Can anyone tell me how to get the walking dead season 1 or 2 which are for 6$ on iOS for free Please thank you?
What is the name of the beat of this song?
Does Kishimoto write any other mangas?
What is the name of a song?
Is a 9 personal year in numerology bad time to start new job?
Look To Start A Music Family?
poll: Would you consider me a bit OTT if I have pictures of my attractive female neighbour all over my house?
Who do you think is going to be the winner of RuPauls drag Race season 6?
Anyone seen the move Prisoners? Good/Bad, worth the 2.5 hours?
Please help me find out the name of this old movie about a kid who always got beaten up....?
PLEASE guys...help internet radio?
Is the TV show \Shameless\ good?
Who would you not let in your bedroom ?
if clark kent was in teen wolf do you think he's immune to Kanima scratch?
Serious psychics, when will I get married?
is there anyone who wants to collabrate on a horror story?
What do you think about this?
Funny or Sarcastic comments/replies for.....?
What is a song with the word 'thing' or 'things' in the title or lyrics?
Lyrics of this song? Help me please?
Anyone know any good songs?
What's the longest word you know in English?
So I got my birthchart calculated?
Are you ever empathetic about unhappy people?
How may songs will Bruno Mars sing at the Super Bowl?
What do you like best - spring or summer?
Computer Information Systems or Information Technology?
how many times did you get into a fist fight?
are you friend of monster under your bed ?
how did E.O.S lip balm company get its name?
Can you change your profile picture?
Where can I watch American horror story online?
Do you use/prefer tube or solid-state amplifiers?
Need help, what do I do?
Who is one of your favorite folk music artists?
What causes some people to see lots of sexuality in something like this?
When was the last time springfield Missouri had a bad ice storm before 2007?
Can you help me make a playlist of Rock songs about being young?
what can you tell me about this new love interest?
The Masoods!( EastEnders)?
Which violin is better?
Poll - What makes you speechless?
Whats the name of this thing?
What's the typical height (tall) for a Bouncer?
why you are so beautiful..........?
Y&R Does Billy put 2 and 2 together today because of that single flower on Delia's marker?
When do you sleep and when do you wake up?
What's the name of this movie?
Am I a good enough to win an upcoming singing competition? Are these good song choices for my voice?
POLL: How long does it take you to shower every day?
what makes u so Beautiful.........?
Where did you hide it?
Are you the good twin or the bad one ?
movie where monks read a never ending story?
do you hate the vegan/vegetarian category?
Where can I watch Sherlock series 3 finale?
What are the top 3 things that you always google ?
WHich of these 2 is more of an insult to someone?
Does Joaquin Phoenix always play the role of an eccentric, somewhat slow character?
What is the biggest turn on's for LEO males???
What's up with those Canadians eh?
What is your favorite Poptart flavor?
Whats a good anime to watch?
Did you wish Tom would kick Jerry's ass when you were a kid?
Popular films with American themes? E.g. the great melting pot, the frontier, the american dream, manifest des?
POLL: Who is the one famous person of the same sex would you have sex with?
In the manga/anime naruto does the Senju clan have any kekkai genkai's?
How much do you bench - What's your max?
How many pushups can you do?
Can anyone identify this manga?
POLL: Which of the 7 deadly sins do you do most?
How many of you can do 100 pull ups in one go?
Whats the hardest thing to animate in hand drawn animation?
Does it hurt more to lose, for someone who has more, or less?
If you did not have the evolution theory and the big bang theory, where would you think man came from?
Can you write anime fan fiction in the form of a script?
i miss my mum so so much, im 18?
Sentai Filmworks usually eventually release the English Dubbed to an anime series they previously only subbed?
Would you be able to live your life without a computer/internet?
does anybody know this song?
Do you have any song suggestions?
Poll: Do you believe this is true?
Whenever I listen to classical piano sonatas I feel depressed and suicidal. Is it normal?
Have u ever been to a place where u were not supposed to be ?
When are the Brit Awards?
If we say, we are here to help others, what are the others here for?
What are the possibilities of finding an 18 year old virgin that's attractive?
Well I left home just a week before and I'd never ever kissed a woman before?
Justin Bieber seemed really nice person , guess it turns out he's not?
I have a different dream everynight but the same ghost is following me? (wont let me write the rest)?
Does anyone know the song on the 2014 trailer about last night 1.10 mins into the trailer?
I need names for a boy that is seventeen?
Can I have some English Love songs?
SSAA or SSA arrangement of Come Thou Fount?
What is the perfect symbol for Valentines day ? A heart, cupid, red lips ...?
If the president were gay, would his husband be the first man?
What things do you think will disappear in the next decade?
Would the ones who only read questions be considered some kind of pervert?
What do you guys think of a aquarius female? Like their physical characteristics?
The other day i heard a song and i cant find it now. It was a country song sung by a man and a woman.?
can bodybuilders still become action heroes like Arnold Schwarzenegger?
Which sin would give you the most pleasure?
Poll: US Marines or US Air Force?
Should I take animation or nursing?
Have you ever taken drugs?
Do you think most women care how they look in their Bras & Undies or do they kind of figure no one will see?
Do you consider Hell the same as coming in 2nd place?
that moment when girls also understand dirty jokes but I can't?
I haven't seen you in ages, sometimes I find myself wondering where you are?
Need help finding the name of a movie I've seen years ago?
Some very good drama/thriller or mystery movies to watch?
Some very good drama/thriller or mystery movies to watch?
How much time do you spend on the internet?
Poll: which players are faster NFL or NBA?
if you could live in any fantasy world what would it be ???????????
Should I buy a ukulele?
Panic! At The Disco info?
Do you like Eminem (the rapper)?
when did you last say this?
have you ever tried this before ?????????????
Is it easy for you to fake a smile?
What pie is nicer for dessert, deep dish apple, blueberry ,key lime pie, or peach chiffon ?
Poll: Does maturity come through age?
Do you think Tinkerbell is going to get a Ph.D. in Engineering?
Horoscopes :: When will I get married and have a dozen of kids?
how to exercise male vocal cords?
Have you ever downloaded the same thing more than once ?
Help! 2Find Lyrics 2This Vid. What's The Name Of The Song? Who's The Singer?
Poll: Do you like to feed off people's weakness?
Poll: Rocket Surgery or Quantum Genetics?
This is a funny Christian Joke? :)?
Will there ever be a Tupac movie?
how much do flight attendants make a year?
How can somone begin a music career in the electronic music genre.?
any other good animes like bleach?
White, black, and Asian. Who is the best fighter?
Upcoming \celebrity events\?
If your bf/gf got into an accident and their face became severely deformed, would you still stay with them?
Would Fozzy be successful if Jericho wasnt already famous for his Wrestling career?
Survey: How do you feel about public speaking?
Poll: Should I call him and tell him that I am in the e-hospital?
Have you stepped up your game lately, or are you scaling down?
what is the question that nobody has ever asked on YAHOOANSWERS?
should people involved in drug trafficking be severely penalized?
WHITE or BLACK Celine Micro Luggage Tote?
Could you tell time if?
How come i was not even able to make some ,,,,,,,just some money?
Do u know him ? if u do pleaaaaase trsll me who he is !! ^.^?
what are all the hashtags you can think of?
What is this supernatural movie about a girl going to turn 18?
nee dukudu song actress?
How do Pisces people deal with heartbreak?
Are you turning into one or both of your parents?
Why does my crack so much?
Do you like playing with numbers , words , or something else ?
Which song has the lyric 'You're more than just a sugar rush' repeated in it?
how can i achieve the state of being young and in love?
You created a world, but the world did not want to recognize you. Would you let them go their own way?
Does anyone know him ? his name ? where he lives what he does ? please help !! :3?
Did Axl Rose write Sweet Child Of Mine about his daughter?
Can I sing good for my age???
I LOVE LUCY FANS!!!! I need a question answered?
Batman comics, help please?
what is the meaning of this vine?
Poll Would you laugh if ?
What are some of the best Horror movies and some of the worst Horror movies?
Movie about online dating and meeting in real life? Romantic movie?
What do you show by being a prefect?
Need good anime with action, romance, comedy, harem, any suggestions?
What is a better lunch , BLT, turkey club, chef's salad, tuna melt, or grilled chicken sandwich ?
Need good anime with action, romance, comedy, harem, any suggestions?
Poll: What ? Have you ever died in your dream?
Living your life as you have, can you really be scared of bad luck?
When will catching fire be on megashare?
Can somebody help me remember this movie? About an alien-sci-fi-romedy? Please!!?
Why is everyone talking about Valentines day when it's when it's still almost a month away .?
Is having Pluto in the 4th house the same as having moon in the 8th house/scorpio moon?
What all does songwriting credit include ? I mean.....?
How do you guys like this song?
Does my horoscope indicate any success in politics?
poll: are you a virgin or not?
Rock fans: What do you listen to now?
re:how do i make an acapella?
Songs like \placebo's fuck you\ song ?
Girls,what hair color do you like best on guys? Darker(almost black) or Lighter (blonde,light brown, etc)?
Should I do Geography or French GCSE?
Is Yahoo Answers P/S A Mirror into our Collective Insanity?
Please rate my freestyle lyrics in rap and hiphop 1 verse?
Why do some people never get bullied?
hi guys i want to ask some mystery horror killing anime suggestions?
penny black penny red and penny...?
Why would bringing Moriarty back be such a bad thing?
Does anybody else not like Starbucks THAT much?
How can I watch the oscars live on tv in the uk?
The most good looking Metal and Rock band members from the 1980s?
Poll: Have you realized the importance of light when you see darkness?
Does an aries woman go better with a scorpio or cancer man?
how do i make an acapella?
i think i got scalped? whats your opinion?
Do you prance around in your underwear?
Are you sad to hear that Dave Madden has died?
is learning 3 instruments at once too much?
Need some help remembering a movie title...?
Agree or Disagree:To have a good relationship with someone you need trust?
What was the greatest invention to come out of a garage?
Do white guys like light skinned black women?
Whats the Worse thing that could happen to somebody?
New anime series suggestions?
Moulin Rouge Poll: When it comes time for Christian to die, how will he and Satine meet on the other side?
Have Adam Sandler and Ben Stiller ever acted in a movie together?
How early should I show up at a Rolling Stones concert?
do you reccomend any good disney films or games?
Was Dan Brown's \Deception Point\ or \Digital Fortress\ ever made into movies?
Poll - do all black guys like rap?
PurplePeopleEaters top 10 albums of 2013?
Do you buy clothes online or in the store?
What's the name of this movie?
Do you think...u are beautiful?
Whats that song that goes like \my n1ga my n1ga''?
What type of microphone is this singer using?
Is Bluto really a bad guy in the Popeye series?
poll: what's your favorite season?
Whats your favorite movief or tv show?
Poll: the UK in my life is treating the best price for your business needs to go back to the right place?
How do you unwind and why do you think it works for you?
Should I go tomorrow or stay at home?
where can i wAtch strawperry panic series in english dubb?
Do you like Ramones? What are your favorite songs?
hiii, do I look like anyone famous? who?
Am I lucky or just good?
Which or how many of these terms describe this female rapper in hiphop?
have you ever got so scared watching a movie that you threw your popcorn up in the air out of fear?
What besides plants, name something that is sold in a plants store?
Rate my verse from 1 to 10?
Battle Royale, book or movie first?
what anime character cosplay should i try to make ?
is rob dyrdeks fantasy factory the final season premiering on hulu plus ?
What is your favorite movie?
animes that makes u think about life,romance/love,makes u impressed etc?
if clark kent was in teen wolf do you think he could defeat any werewolf especially the power alpha's?
What rap song is this?
Should i skip the filler episodes in Naruto?
Poll: If I wear makeup does that mean I am low on self esteem and confidence?
Supernatural fans: Will Destiel ever become reality?
an old school song question?
Is Stanley Kubrick the most sexist good director of all time?
Who thinks smaug would look better if he stayed gold :)?
MOVIE HELP PLEASEEEEEEE!! ITS KILLING ME!!?
does everyone hate nancy grace. is she just someone for people to laugh at?
Poll: The Fifth Element vs The Fifth Commandment, Which is a better movie?
Can I Join Digital Spy Forums?
What besides a fortune teller, name something that tells your fortune?
A serious question about Steve Harvey hosting The Family Feud.....?
Which disney Frozen character you like?
Do All AirForce TacP come out as 1C4x1?
which character do you prefer when watching Gilligans Island?
yay or nay???? hairstyle!?
Why won't the Interent tell me where Suzanne Collins said she never read Battle Royale?
Is there a website for comic conventions in North America?
Will Machelle Obama ever accept the offer to appear on DWTS as a contestant?
Are there any country musicians that are not American nationality?
I'm singing at my grandfathers funeral help?
Where did Collins originally say that she never heard of Battle Royale? Citation Needed?
Do you prefer the old country over the new?
will hollywood will make a second movie of e.t. the extraterrestrial?
Why are canadians portrayed like that on South Park?
depressed because i failed my uk driving test for the 2nd time!!?
Why does I heart radio lie to me?
why do people think some new cars are so impressive even though ...?
What's your favorite George Strait song?
Should they make our avatars look up and down at each other like at the start of The Brady Bunch?
what's the longest time you've ever ran?
What is the big deal about tea?
Do beats detox need batteries or need to be charged?
What is something you like to drink every morning?
would you buy a house if you knew a person had died in the home?
Where can I watch \rag, tag and bobtail\ online from watch with mother?
What is the estimated number of people still on Myspace in 2014?
How to find a girl with the same personality like Katara from avatar tla?
Does anyone remember this creepy (Full House?) clip?
how many people actually get on Facebook?
Do you consider yourself an amazing lover?
where can I watch full episodes of fresh Prince of bel air online for free no downloading?
Why does classically trained singers always seem to hate against R&B/Soul/Pop singers?
Do you know name of this song please ?
What type of clothing would you never wear?
Is this guy interested in me or not?
Do you \thumbs down\ answers on your questions?
What is ur opinion about Shane Filan New single ?!?
how to make a guitar growl?
Anyone know this characters from naruto?
What's the name of this anime?
i need to know.. :( as much info as possible please?
when will toy story 4 be released?
Do you agree with the liberal social agenda?
Did you see tamil movie jilla? now answer to this question?
Are you drinking coffee, tea, or alcohol right now?
When a dog food is new and says 'better taste', who tests it?
Do you think YOU and I could make Heaven on Earth?
What are you waiting for?
Are you embarrassed that your favorite television show is about zombies?
How would you explain how money works in this society to a kindergardener?
How can Kim Kardashian think that Kanye is the coolest thing on earth?
What was written in small print that you should have read ?
What's romantic thing to do under the rain?
What are the magic words?
What is the B95.5 WYJB, Albany Words & Trivia for 1/17/14?
Poll: Your thoughts on this?
plz help me match these kundlis and tel me if thr is any remedy for the problems?
How is my vocal range?
Aren't Starbuck's sandwiches a little overpriced and not very good?
Which is you Favorite movie?
Do you ever look back at your old questions and think \what was I thinking then?\?
What happened to Crimaz and Crimaztv?
current british bands now or very recently touring usa?
What's your Favorite apps?
What do you do for not hurt your someone special in life?
lookingforusedfurnituredsstoresinuticaarea?
i failed my driving test uk for the 2nd time and im so frustrated?
Could someone interpret these lyrics for me?
Do bad guys have an influence on the good guys?
car radio question with electrical too.?
How do you keep passion alive in your life?
How can I start an Industrial Metal band?
What will happen when red eyes black and summon skull fuse?
What music video features a guy dancing in an office conference room with black slime like thing?
What makes you feel alive?
what to watch: I am Legend vs I, Robot?
When someone breaks your heart, is it best to find someone who will mend it?
What you feel if unknow unhope person follow you...?
Why do Indian men treat women so badly?
What's your favorite motivational thing?
Do you prefer Spuffy or Bangel?
Who are these celebrities?
I mean. How stop a world war with a LOVE..?
Would you join my social networking site if I made it?
What's your favorite movie of all time?
Poll:Should I play the song \Stupid Hoe\ at my cousin's funeral?
Which one of these movies should I watch?
Do you know any details about the Drake and Josh/Sam and Cat crossover movie?
Non Mainstream Animes?
are you affraid death?
What to expect at my first heavy metal concert?
When you feel like second best, do you hit the road?
Stop a wars with LOVE.......?
have you ever had your car shoe polished?
Poll: new crush, what should I do?
The star Algol at zodiac?
Where can I watch the 6 th season of breaking bad?
Can you recommend me some preferable pian or cello pieces like Terry Riley's \Land's End\?
True or false:two's company, three's a crowd..?
<<~~ is it an insult if a state cop tells you you look like a mass murderer? it happened to me earlier?
Definition LOVE is...................?
My dob.02.07.1993 ,birth time 04.03 am birth palace .salem, (tamilnadu)?
Help with an unknown song!!?
True or false - You were a champion swimmer at school ?
what's beef.........?
should ugly people accept being ugly or do whatever it takes to look pretty?
POLL: Would you join a Bomb squad for loved ones lives?
something to watch right now?
help to find movie//?
Plz tell when will subway surf be available for lumia 520?
Do you like Ariana Grande?
What is this tv series/title from childhood? About being afraid of the dark? Help!?
What do you have a phobia of?
Don't you hate it, when people add you?
Why is my family so ghetto?
Girls what would you do if...? (BEST ANSWER IN ONE HOUR)?
Where were you on the night of January 16th?
I beg plz tell why subway surf is not shown in lumia 520 store?
Take a chance, risk it all or play safe and suffer defeat ?
What Would be your BIGGEST nightmare?
Some fast songs which make you listen all the time ^^?
what do you think of my new beat?
Does Gary Busey scare you?
the best WW2 film?(excluding saving private ryan)?
Girls what would you do if...?
What is a song which has a day of the week in it?
What's so horrible about being a receptionist?
Any Good Bands Like...?
Similar stand up comedian?
current most popular music genre of 2014?
Good hip hop songs about hip hop itself and whether it's relevant or not.?
Is the show American Horror Story any good?
is the band Evanescence an anti christ or satanic?
men: do you take care of your skin and moisturize it after shaving your face?
What movie do you like. Comedy, full action, parody...or....?
what to do if your bored?!!?
Which pair of opposite signs are the most powerful?
Any advise for teaching my teenage tenor vocal students in a gospel choir?
What colour hair is best?
When you get a wisdom tooth pulled do you get a little dumber?
what teen wolf episode am i on?
What flower do you love?
what things do you do to escape reality for a while to relax?
Who is paid highest system administrator or network engineer ?
What's a movie so bad that you successfully blocked it from your memory?
Poll: Do girls like intelligent men or \cocky stud\ players?
POLL: What would you do if?
Girls - Does it feel sexual when a guy randomly looks eyes with you?
Any J-Rock and J-Metal suggestions?
Which one is more teste tembura batter or fried chicken?
Do you think living the age of 80's + is just a waste of time..?
What is your favourite brand of energy drink?
is Sir Mr Stephen Hester your transfer officer?
how to find a girl with the same personality like Katara from avatar tla?
Which Asian country on this list is the best to permanently settle: Japan, S. Korea, Singapore, or Taiwan?
Anyone know this song? Not a picture perfect cookie cutter girl/ I don't wanna be a stereotype?
What would you rather hear in the charts?
I am tula raasi chitra nakshatra..dob 4/8/1992..tym 12.03pm,I want to know about health and marriage?
Who is this Anime girl?
Movies similar to Mummy, Indiana Jones?
do enrgy drinks contain caffeine?
Shanoooo sir dis is only 4 u.?
Which Asian ethnicity has the girls with the best personalities: Japanese, Korean, or Taiwanese?
Am I considered a metalhead?
What are some manga's with the same art style as this one?
Girls, do you find only tall man attractive ?
Poll: is there such thing as being extremely laid back...?
what is the instrumental song in Nacho Libre when Esqueleto sees the big chick? I can't remember?
Do you prefer a natural look 'down there'?
Going to buy CANVAS MAGNUS A117?
i need help :( please read, ill give you good feedback and gray rating?
what word ends in w but never ends?
Does Anyone know where can I find HD trailers of the first two Spider-man movies?
Isn't this Elvis song Amazing. Listen to the high notes he executes as a baritone?
Has Kamisama No Inai Nichiyoubi Light Novel ended? And is the light novel different from the anime?
How Is My Singing?(Video Link Attached)?
Isnt this Elvis song amazing. Listen to the high notes he is executing as a Baritone?
Drivers: What do you normally do when someone walks out in front of you?
What would you do on your 50th and 100th birthday?
POLL: Are you happy with the choice of actors in the movie 50 Shades of Grey?
What can one do if the local convenience store is inconvenient?
Poll:Don't you hate it when your parents call you lazy?
What is your biggest movie let-down?
what are the WAXX words for 1/17/14?
Fill in the blank: The one thing I'm leaving behind in 2013 is ___________?
\Love at first sight\?
can someone save me.....?
What is the name of the soundtrack playing Naruto Shippuden ep 345 at 6:55? URGENTT!!!!!?
Have you ever had Lucic Dreams (this is where you are aware you're dreaming and can control what happens)?
which is the best site to download movies?
What do you think of this song I wrote for my daughter?
What is something that everyone must do in their twenties ?
Ever wake up from an amazing dream, and then desperately try to quickly fall back asleep?
Is Seitokai Yakuindomo an anime all about perverted jokes?
How do you get off a nonstop flight?
Who is singer of song attyachari (if you had listen in promo of shaadi ke side effects)?
Would you like if life was 'Money for nothing and chicks for free'?
Do you like this dress?
Hi I am looking for a few nice bands like Black Veil Brides, Amaranthe, Skillet or Linkin Park.?
If the weather man says \it's a 50% chance of rain\?
Anime Productions: How they do it?
Can someone who smokes cigarettes also be someone who makes good decisions?
How many ambient albums has Buckethead made?
Please help. What that movie called?
yaoi: image doctor with patient tied in amford Koushakuke no Shitsuji?
What's the funniest movie ever made?
When night falls..... who picks it up?
Have you ever done and visited those onion links like Tor found on the deep web?
when you see an attractive person, how do you feel?
Would you rather: go a week without Internet or a week without music?
Who would you prefer to listen to Ghostface Killah or Action Bronson?
Need some manga recommendations?
What is the song in this advert?
I don't have Netflix. Could someone show me where i can find a list of the shows on netflix?
Im wondering if I can make it big as a guitarist, I've been playing 6months & consider myself?
I'm &wondering if I can make it big as a guitarist. I've played for 6months & consider myself?
Aquarius rooster man and Aries dragon woman, obsessive love?
What does it mean when a girl wears designer things...?
What are some accurate biographic movies?
Would you rather live in real or be real in living ?
i feel dumb as a stone how do you edit 2 pix together with windows 7? grrr?
Dog the bounty hunter; real?
Who sings this song? I really like it.?
What's your favorite world record?
Anyone have the music for this song without lyrics?
Could you live with just 1000 US dollars per month to pay all your living expenses?
True or False: \Nobody is perfect until you fall in love with them\?
Emmerdale - Charity and Declan ?
How many time you fall in love?
Smile because..........?
Poll: do gay people lay eggs ?
good anime to watch? hElp?
CBB. lindas husband stole money from frank carsons wallet. that's what its about?
Poll: are you friends with the monster that's living under your bed?
Aren't you tired of seeing the same person in the mirror everyday?
Does anyone here know what the word \pinche\ means?
What has your life become?
Easy: Write the digit that is missing....????
is the song by kansas ' dust in the wind ' meant to be a sad song?
When does Justin Biebers Believe movie come out in Australia?!?
Is it weird that for the most part, I don't really like other guys?
How to make celebrities follow you back in twitter?
Is a leo man and aries woman still compatible even if they have ling distance relationship?
What'one thing that defines you?
Poll: how do you forget about someone ?
Regarding my husbands Job?
why do people like singers when they start singing?
Do you like acoustic or electric guitars better?
Can someone help me explain my natal chart?? PLEASE!?
Can we all agree Mark Knopfler was one of the greatest guitarists ever?
Last day today, what would be your last meal?
Can you answer this question??
From cristianty how people are born?
Guess What Zodiac Sign tend to like?
Am I the only one who thinks that kim kardashian is an annoying attention seeker?
Where Should I Start With Marvel Comics?
Poll:What store you would never go back to?
Do you think only love can save you from yourself?
Poll: Which color of the iPhone 5C should I get?
Do You Think Jim Can Still Win Or Has Last Night's Show Changed Your Opinion?
What are some songs that mention 'weed' in its lyrics ?
What do you think about this: A lightning bolt strikes Rio's Christ the Redeemer statue?
Suggest me one of your favorite song?
Do you hide anything under your mattress?
What's a reason my crush's coworker tells other people he likes me?
where can i find all harry potter movies subbed in korean ?
Do Oscar winners get cash too?
What's a really good tv series to watch?
I want to know the name of a song i heard on Pimp My Ride?
Whos name your pet.......?
Girls: do you like Guys with long hair or short hair?
Pokemon Manga, where to start?
What is something useless that has been stamped to your permanent memory?
Just watched The Hunger Games- wow......amazing experience. have u seen it?
Is it too bad to drink whiskey at 11:50 AM?
How to insult people who think you're gay or ask you if you're gay?
Which song is the best in the following here (tell me in order plz)?
Poll:- What and when was the turning point in your life?
Can someone help me please?
Poll: What color is your microwave?
Show Poll: Sherlock vs. Elementary, Which version of Modern Day Holmes is the more likable show?
Why do you watch a film?!?
Rudolph Schumann Grand Upright Steel Frame Piano serial 18515 (Appraisal)?
what's your favorite Shia Labeouf movie?
Poll:What would you do if your mom married someone your age?
Is it weird that I sometimes...?
Poll:How long is your hair?
Girls :- Do you find men with abs hot?
favorite song by any of these bands? (if you remember them)?
What Is Your Feel Good Friday Song?!?
Which movie is better: Taken or The Transporter?
Poll: Other than a ball, what other thing(s) can be used for a fun game of dodge ball?
Active Narnia Theme Code?
Agree/Disagree=>Only Ugly People say that the beauty is in the Inside?
Which sauce would you rather drink a full cup of?
Frozen gets nominated for an Oscar(see description)?
Why does masturbation make me sleepy?
hey can anyone tell me the name of the model here?
Would you vote for Queen Elizabeth to rule the USA if she promised to live there permanently?
Who is your favourite movie villain?
Do you think Kim kardashian is a beautiful celebrity?
HOW HAS THE LYRICS TO A PARODY THEY WROTE THAT THEY WOULD LIKE ME TO SING?
Does it bother you when someone keep coughing non-stop?
Let's make this easier..Who of the answerers of this question have you seen on Y!a before? ?
Poll: Do you like classical music?
Name of 90s hip hop song about girl getting pregnant?
Does this count as a good deed?
In which country is Filbert guitar & Pluto guitar made?
Do you often have days when you know everything?
Do you like water before or after a meal?
How do you rate Gravity movie?
Why does everyone hate on Michael Jackson?
What are your possible and actual considerations about someone who has no interest in subcultures?
Do you think people are born gay or act and choose to be gay?
Do you believe in life after love?
Have you ever had a crush on someone of the same sex?
What's your Top 2 favorite Bill Murray films?
honestly are u single or not or married?
Singing, equipments, autotune, editing, PLS HELP!!?
what is the best cheap bamboo tablet out there?
What is your favorite childhood memory?
What do you do when you feel depressed?
Is it right for my father to treat me this way?
in your opinion what countries are the most entertainment obsessed?
Did removing her bracelets still augment Wonder Woman's powers and drive her insane?
DATE OF BIRTH 13 OCTOBER 1978 TIME OF BIRTH 12.30 AM place of birth Bangalore Karnataka I AM FINANCIALLY WEAK?
What do girls like about guys ?
Uranus,Jupiter,Mars,Moon in 1st house?
Why does grindcore music have vocals ?
have you ever been to Colombo?
Poll:- How much do you pay for your haircut?
Star Wars KOTOR movie dream casting?
Arch Enemy vs. Children of Bodom - Who is better ?
Working women/House wife!!! WHo do yu prefer to get married to....?
Star Wars KOTOR movie dream casting?
Guys: Would you date an 18 year old girl if you were 22?
Can anyone suggest me good Shounen-Ai mangas?
Need help on an anime?
Impressive guitar songs to impress fellow musicians?
What movie is this from?
where to find larvitar in pokemon leaf green?
Do you ever fancy people from your history books?
Name this song i found on ''speirs the amazing'' channel.?
yes or no its your tea time?
Which is the best beatmaker for dj..?
Did you ever see the movie Cold Mountain made in 2003?
How many years is it reasonable to linger in a boss dungeon?
can some give me honest opinions on this?
A famous celebrity invited me to a party, should I go?
Why are you walking funny?
Guess the Hollywood Movie? Story is described below?
do you enjoy my answers or im i to over the top?
How many Volumes of Yumeiro Patissiere is there?
What's the American Idol Season 13 commercial song that shows people walking towards the camera?
aquarius man and aquarius women together?
tell me a good movie?
Please help me lmn played a movie today around 12-1 pm about some teen girls what was the name.?!?
Why can't all the world's philosophies just meld together?
POLL: Are you a nice person ?
How do you guys like Priyanka Chopra?
what are your healthy habits?
What album was this song originally released on?
I have moles on my palm.is it bad?
Do pisces ladies like to be dominated in bed...?
yes or no this is your evening time?
Movie like When Strangers Appear?
What a Titanic made for......?
Girls, would you rather date a scrawny guy or a chubby guy?
What would you do if you were driving and you seen a man about to end his life by jumping off a bridge?
Is there any one who can out do a Texan?
Piano sheet for Let it Go ( Frozen movie)??
How shall we spark fire in the hearts of men?
Would you terminate a friendship for racism?
Why do people call these bands \scene\?
HELP? I had a nightmare?
What feelings does this invoke in you?
Can you clap without using your hands?
If anyone expert of astrology plz reply?
Rate this joke from 1-10.....?
Do you get annoyed when something you desire to do?
How slick is a city slicker?
Is coffee prince a good korean drama? is it too old to watch now? will like teens like it?
Have you ever gone skinny dipping?
When reading what kind of male lead role do you fall in live with?
would you say a mexican made fender telecaster is still the real thing?
Good morning - Does anyone know the trivia answers for 99.5 WRVE Albany NY and other stations 01.17.14?
What if the Slenderman is just an intimidating spirit animal?
Which of the back 2 the future trilogy movies was the worse?
How much language do you know?
i heard a strange saying...but it seems it rings true with jazz..?
What was the best era of the Popeye cartoons?
Who would win in a fistfight between Justin Bieber and Pee Wee Herman?
Is Downton Abbey as good as-- or better-- than Doc Martin?
How do you waste your time?
Bed time story book for adult suggestions?
What does Pharoah mean?
Name of this RnB/ hip hop song? Its romantic and love making?
Can you palm a basketball?
Is the anime kobato any good what is it about?
Palmistry-What type of hand is mine? What are its qualities?
Do you think that aside from the equal pay issue, that women as a class are still being oppressed in the west?
can you do this................?
Looking for time travel Naruto fic ?
Are you still close and keep in touch with old high school friends?
What rock song is related to a kid with cancer?
Why do all the faithful people get pushed away or dumped?
My nephew who is 10 wants to watch Sword Art Online, but i don't know the age rating!?
What are some good songs a girl band can cover?
boyfriend issue! if this was ur type of.boyfriend would u stay or move on?
wats zodiac of month off oktober?
2014 OSCAR Best Animated Feature?
what is your favorite yahoo game?
What's the best USB audio interface for PC under $500?
What is your all time favorite meal?
Post Concert Itching?
What is this horror movie? Homeless people trapped in a big house...?
Just heard yeezus went platinum what did you think of it?
What did the ear of corn say when his clothes fell off?
How many years will it take to replace all washington D.C. politicians and congress?
Why did Abc stop the 3rd season of The Lying Game?
how to meet a celeb at their concert?!?
What is 03:15 am has to do with horror movies?
Do you wear protection when having sex?
Is \Europa Report\ movie a true story?
Should I text a Libra guy after we hang out?
Is young Axl Rose hot? What other rock and roll, metal band members are hot?
How many of you stopped eating pork after watching the movie with the talking pig?
Any music with slow, deep beats and maybe ethnic beats?
Are you glad that the man who racially insulted Kim Kardashian and was hit by Kanye was not a gun owner?
Would I look better in a one-piece? 10 points for honesty?
music video in a nursing home?
Do you act like your shoe size?
Do you ever feel like wearing a football uniform just to dance?
What are the funniest Yo Mama jokes out there??? :D?
Survey : What are your favorite names?
Be honest, do you think you are better than most people?
How can I get yanni's dare to dream album sheet music as pdf for free...?
Can somebody PLEASE tell me what song this is?
I need to know the song name please?
What music video was it with a girl in all black leather driving a convertible 90s alternative?
What are some things that make you sleepy?
How long is 16 bars of this Green Day song?
Is it normal to think that leonardo dicaprio is over rated?
What do you think about Tanushree Dutta?
What % of your friends do you like?
Poll:what is the cutest animal?
why are digital comics as pricy as the real prints?
Great pop punk songs?
Too late to play the violin? How to start?
What are the things one should not do while wearing blue sapphire?
Someone out there please help me with this situation? What do you think of it and is it really a big deal?
is there a site to post instrumentals online so others can listen?
why do people want to ban my favorite things like tobacco and coffee ..don't i have any writes any more?
Can someone help me figure out this song?
YouTube Music Videos: Why does \Ah-Ha\ \Take On Me\ have so many views on YouTube?
Would you eat sausage egg beans and chips without the egg and beans for lunch?
I am worried about posting my rap music/album on youtube. What if someone steals my lyrics?
Does anyone remember Smarties having the 2 monkeyon their boxes?
Poll: Why can't they just ban cigarettes?
Where do you find manga/anime art?
What is it like to produce, and sell, a television show?
Where can i find good rap/hip hop beats instrumentals other then youtube and google?
I am ready to rap and upload my music to youtube, but I have no Mic!?
When does episode 325 one piece english dub come out?
Poll GUYS what's your male point of view on..?
POLL Do you think Migraines can cause mental problems?
If I enter the Jehovah Witness Protection Program will religious solicitors stop coming to my door?
Last day to watch Frozen?
POLL Do you think Caffeine is a toxin?
Find (f+g)(-1) when f(x)=x+2 and g(x)=x+5?
Poll guys who brutally bully females?
Acoustic electric guitars?
What is best done slowly?
Are simple questions ok to ask girls?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
Have you ever stayed up for 24 hours straight for no reason at all?
UKCBB - Could Someone Please Explain The Arguement Between Linda And Jim?
How should i clean my ukulele ?
What is this. I would really like to know :)?
Was Humpty Dumpty the ultimate cold case file? We still don't know if he tripped and fell or was pushed.?
What do you do during painfully boring lectures/classes?
where can I find the full version of the spongbob parody grandmas kisses bad version?
Poll - Would this weird you out?
The picture of the best looking guy you have seen?
RiFF RAFF vs Eminem: Who's better?
What are the chances he thought of me naked?
Plz predict my spouse nature?
There's this strange noseless wizard outside my door, looking for a boy named Harry.?
Why is everyone obsessed with Loki?
Is it possible to live life without knowing who the Looney Toons are?
They are popular in the states? I m talking about Boyce Avenue.?
Why is everyone obsessed with Loki?
The ghost of Anne Frank has been following me for the last 5 years. Should I do something about it?
How many episodes of Pokemon XY have been dubbed so far?
Would you believe me if I said this is not a Rick Roll?
Guys do u know Any Good Rap Singer Like \ MIKE SHINODA\ From Linkin Park?read more?
I have noticed that Waldo has been appearing in my windows stalking me.?
Guys do u know Any Good Rap Singer Like \ MIKE SHINODA\ From Linkin Park?read more?
Why do fangirls like to have their fav male characters do it with other male characters?
How do you turn order into chaos?
Chill albums like modal soul for my friend?
what is chuck norris divided by jackie chan?
Do YOU still think our world is a little screwed up?
Does anyone know the L&W CODES for AZ FAMILY, KOOL, and KTAR for Jan. 17, 2014?
Was Schrodenger's Cat neutered?
Was Justin Biebers egging incident part of his Eagle Scout project?
Is it ok to go for this girl?
Anyone else like this: you go to bed but then you can't wait to get up in the morning to eat..?
Are you happy/satisfied with the current state of earth and humans?
What are some funny/humourus questions I can ask my crush?
How do you put 90 kg of crap into a bag that can only hole 89.99999 kg?
why actress suchitra sen remained in exile all these years?
If the Burger king appears under the word elephant,?
I am small, I am round, Divided by the pound, One, two, or three, In part, I am a pea. What am I?
Can I get a list of superheroes that don't where costumes?
Can I get a list of superheroes that don't where costumes?
Can I get a list of superheroes that don't where costumes?
Poll: What's the lamest insult you heard someone say?
venus square mars?!???!???!?
Songs/Singers like Josh Turner?
What are your favorite '80's horror movies?
i want to rap but voice is monotone, is there voice exercise i can do?
Who is your favorite character from Game of Thrones?
Anybody know any songs about STDs?
Is their anything more sexier than a girl in cowboy boots?
Any teenage girls who don't like one direction?
If you were born a different race, what would you wish to be?
buy/sell: when they mask up, they coming for your ice, when they bare-face, they coming for your life?
hollywood sex related movie?
am i fat, thick, curvy, obese?
have you ever had anything stolen from you - what was it?
If I was looking for Benzaies restraint, what would it look like?
What's your top 5 favourite songs?
What do you do when your parents (or one of them) are mad at you?
How many roads must a man walk down before you can call him a man?
Help. I'm being attacked by killer tomatoes. What are they after and what can I do to get rid of them?
Do you think Sweetheartz will be a XXL Freshman because her rapping is so tight?
At the end of 300 did anyone else want to see the horrible beating the Persians were going to take?
I am a lonely squad four medic soul reaper, and have just found myself hostage to two intruders,?
How can a Scorpio moon be likeable if they have such sharp judgments on others? See through people?
A Nightmare On Elm Street (1984) vs Child's Play (1988)?
Anime Tv Series any others??
Rare Vocal Condition - Catch Cold from Singing?
I'm new here. When do I get my days off?
Does the acorn always fall close to the tree, or do some acorns have their own agenda?
Is this anxiety or am I sick?
What is in your dream sandwich?
Will I lose weight by doing this? or maintain my weight?
start diet right now or tomorrow?
does hulu plus have the unit?
Which would you choose to go on a date with?
Do I need to read the first Mortal Instruments book?
What's the tallest building you have been on?
Have you ever seen a Yahoo commercial on TV before?
what do you put in salad?
who sings?always be around, show me how you love me baby?
The speaking & singing sounds on my laptop sound like Alvin&the Chipmunks. Help!?
If you could become any animal for a day which one would you become and what things would you do?
Poll : what is your favorite maroon5 song?
What song should I sing for a talent show?
What channel on sky can you watch the ellen degeneres show?
How Many Best Answers Do You Have?
Direct link to where i can download Rosario Vampire SUBBED all the episodes...Torrent please:)Urgent?
Why did the dish run away with the spoon? Did she break up with the fork?
*ANIME* Rom/Com suggestions where the main character ends up with one of the main female protagonists?
Why doesn't hulu plus have all seasons of a show?
Is it still hip to say 'hip'?
Who is creepier, Michael Jackson or Rocky Dennis from Mask?
Where to get a mandolin within $200?
comment on my haircut?
Do I look like this celebrity? I was at her concert and was told a few times that I did?
how many characters were on the captain kangaroo show?
I have a strange curse of not being able to ask any question.?
POLL Do you like see through fabrics?
Who do you consider your one true love?
What Is Your Best Ever?
Would a chocolate brandy be a good dinner, if someone had a few pistachio's a little earlier?
How do I sing without making alot of voice cracking?
Let's say that oggles are lobbles. If lobbles are tirrels, are all Scientologists idiots?
What do you do when the imaginary people start staring at you when you are inside someone's dream ?
How to play chords easier on guitar?
anyone know this song easy points?
Poll: Do you smell the deliciousness of Friday...?
Need help finding this anime?
Help me find this manga!?
Do you like the sound of joints cracking (neck, back knuckles!!)?
do you think i am ok looking? will you date me?
Can you guess the celebrity who is in this picture?
Why do they say girls are made up of sugar and spice and everything nice?
where can you get the best food in your country - and why would you pick that?
Whats the coke band when American Idol goes off or goes to commercials?
whats your favorite song?:)?
Poll: why is it doing this?
Good actions movies to make a trailer with?
POLL ( Girls ONLY) are you looking for:?
NaruHina vs NaruSaku vs Open-ended?
Who do you think was the first person to use the word 'dude'?
Is a person that worries called a worrier?
Do you have to go to work tomorrow like at a real job?
Which cigarette is likely to give someone cancer, the 1000th, 10,000th, 100,000th, or more?
POLL ( man Only): Would you rather be a :?
What do u think about\ you\?
Is anyone annoyed with Hinata Hyuga's character?
what type of shoes do you wear most?
SM Entertainment Global Audition 2014?
please rate the BRAND NEW WHITE FEMALE RAPPER FRESHMAN MUSIC VIDEO HIPHOP?
is this family guy item a collectors item?
sir pls help me on this...help me....?
List of cheapest active pickups guitars?
Will I lose weight by doing this? or maintain my weight?
Do the special guests on talk shows get paid to be on the shows?
If you saw a ghost in your house,will you use your phone to take it's picture ?
help me find a dark action anime?
If Justin Timberlake got into a fist fight with Chris Cornell, who would win?
I need help with a name for a charater!!?
In Marvel's Thor who created the Asgardians? Where do they all come from?
How fast can you type?
Ssj Goku(frieza saga) vs Ssj Vegeta(android saga)?
is it just me or are most videos choppy on gogoanime.com?
Have you ever owned a comic book?
How close is side stage at Warped Tour?
How good are you with your feet?
Poll: Are you an only child?
18, should I tell my bf I'm getting implants?
Names of bands that have 5 members?
Why am i so bad at interviews?
what do your parents do?
Foreign romance movies?
What order do I watch Marvel's Avengers movies in?
When will Hollywood is going to announce the winner of the Oscar award?
guys if you saw the A L I E N movies... tell me what do you think of ripley?
what ashley benson real number?
Have you tried buying alcohol while being underage?
what lessons can we learn from ants ?
Can anyone explain me LOST HIGHWAY hollywood movie story....?
Running Man Episode 98, Does anyone know the name piano piece?
Does dexter make his whole life a disguise?
astrologers advice needed.....?
how can I build a Happy cosplay costume?
Have you ever lost a sibling?
i need episode 85 and up of fairy dubbed in the funamation voices does anyone know a site where i can find?
Is there anywhere I can read Boku no Ano ko?
Is peeing in the shower a guy thing?
I hear the \mutha on the beat\ in lots of hip hop and rap songs. what does it mean?
Is 'Gladiel' a real thing outside of the anime Chaos;Head?
What do you think doctors see when they look in your ears?
Poll :: Rate this hoodie 1-10?
What is something you own but don't know how to use?
what is a food that is made locally to you, that is hard to get anywhere else?
When a girl smiles at you does that mean she thinks your cute?
If I have an iPhone 5S and my girlfriend has the IPhone 5 does that mean I wear the pants in the relationship?
do you have a kik app?
Does your foot ever brush something and you think it's a spider/rodent/creature from the depths?
What was written at the end of the naruto shippuden song \My Answer\?
In the Star Wars universe, do all Jedi and Sith have to either be on the light or the dark sides?
Why did Tony Stark remove his arc reactor? He could have gotten the shrapnel removed and kept the ark reactor?
Men would you date a hot girl who is flat-chested?
girls would you date a man who is?
What Disney movie moment would you most like to experience?
Why do some boys think its cool to be stupid?
The cashier told me, \Strip down, facing me.\ How was I supposed to know she meant my debit card?
How can I sing high notes with power?
Men,would you date a girl who is?
Rate my singing on a scale of 1-10?
What was the funniest response have you ever seen so far in the internet?
What does \Johnson's Lassard\ mean?
what is your fave pc video game?
What do you think of this YouTube channel?
This is about inuyasha?
Why does everyone have an iphone these days....?
Does anyone know any good songs about their son?
What's your opinion on homosexuals? Should they be allowed to be in homosexual relationships?
My dad brought a car but I have to go pick it up at a dealership AND IT IS STICK SHIFT?
do you have brothers and sisters?
General feedback on my singing?
Fanfiction rules about mentioning something real?
What is a slumdog....?
What's the song used in this sasusaku video?
How many pounds can you do a leg press?
Have you ever pooped in the park?
If you heard Arabic spoken how will you react?
Is FairyTale the anime completed ?
Do you think people who aren't ticklish are fully human?
What do you want to say to your most favorite contacts?
What is your zodiac sign ?
How do you rate Molly C. Quinn from 1-10?
Have you ever been to PF Chang's?
Isn't this one of the cutest things you've ever seen?
Magi the labyrinth of magic age rating?
When I get married? marriage is love or not?
what are words that start with hu?
Poll: Do you know anyone who....?
What was your favorite kids game as a child?
what do you think of people who buy lottery tickets?
what happened to law and order svu?
What is the difference between Negima!? & Negima!?
Was the movie, The Blair Witch Project, really a class assignment?
Movie called the Lorax! PLZ HELP ME!!?
Has anyone watched this disturbing movie before?
How to react when a woman won't put out?
what are your opinions on 30 something adults who are still good friends with their high school buddies?
What is the diffence between Bubblegum Crisis! & Bubblegum Crisis Tokyo 2040?
Would you rather pop the top on a can of cola, or go through the hassle of making hot chocolate?
Do you think human-like robots will exist in the future?
What planet does Howl's Moving Castle take place on?
What personalities are needed to have a BALANCED main trio?
SURVEY : What are you gonna name your first child?
poll, if you could give me some words of advice what would you say?
Why do some high school guys have to be such jerks?
So modes are actually scales? starting at different notes of the same scale?
What's the name of the woman that was on the Conan o Brian show getting interviewd wearing a black dress?
Quick hypothetical, bear with me.?
why a majority of people cruel and hateful?
Am I a good singer? I'm not sure...?
can we, reply back to our own question on here?
Need a quick opinion please?
Know any good female alto saxophone players?
Survey: Are YOU mature or immature?
Where does most of your daily energy go?
Why are there 5-6 pickups in Dave Murray's guitar while only 3 in Janick Ger's ?
Gunslinger Metal Soundtrack?
Plz tell me about my spouse?
Do you like my rap lyrics?
poll, can your mother also be your cousin?
Ladies: What would you do if your friend?
Do apologies mean anything to you?
What anime is this image from?
what do you inturpret this poem to be about and do u like it?
Do you take animal rights activist seriously?
poll, what is a food that's hard to eat without becoming aroused?
I am looking this song which is goes like This: Hey girl whats up you know i'm, bla bla bla bla.?
what is this gif from?
Tips for beginner singers, recommendations?
Will there be a Digimon season 7? if so tell me plz. I love digimon?
I need help with a name for a charater!!?
Ayo ! rate these lyrics , inquiring global feedback , from the braided to the faded all types . Artists esp.?
How to block all radio interference?
How strong would he be?
what is added to complete the common chord?
Would you rather be struck down by a bolt of lightning?
What are some rappers that rap about peace?
Does anyone else think that education is so boring and stale nowadays?
What are the gas prices in your area?
Do you or did you like to get attention in school?
What is love..........?
What is the song in the American Hustle Trailer?
Would you believe me if I told you that this happened to me?
Family guy or American dad?
Please recommend me some best comedy movies?
How often do you go to the gym and for how long?
What is the best age to get into a real relationship?
Poll? Does anyone else love driving at night ?
Do you like watching animation movies?
poll, can women morph into a godzilla when it's that time of the month?
Do you drive with your headlights on during the day time?
Is it okay for my milkman to send me flowers?
What are the best cities in the western US with a large population?
Is it important to you to be cool?
Any TV Shows like Kyle XY?
Why are some parents so exaggerated and strict?
Why do women win the large majority of child custody cases?
How often do you have to fill your vehicle up with gas?
Poll: how come when I get a theme on my iPod touch the icons don't change?
If someone knocked on your door right now? What is the first thing you would do?
I can't remember the name of a movie?
what are some good movies to watch with a girl?
In what ways do you think humans are constantly stripping the earth of its resources?
Should I Feel Bad About This?
Is Facebook fading away?
What is your favorite song?
Should I Feel Bad About This?
Songs like the end of m.A.A.d. city by Kendrick Lamar?
Action Comdey romance anime eng dubbed?
Can some explain this joke to me?
Polls: what I would like to know is there any good sites to comment on celebrities stuff or questions ?
What does my birth chart mean?
06.12.1989 and time 05:32pm place ahmedabad gujarat, is there any chance to settle abroad ? If yes when ..?
Why is Judy Garland dead?
What's the meaning of this song?
Why aren't unattractive women deported from the UK?
Lyrics: is it stupid to keep writing about the same thing?
What is this song called?!?
How often should you write your jokes?
Can a guy can get muscular in 1 to 2 years?
Orbot and Orweb video view capabilities?
Who is going to be cast in Real Housewives of Valley Village, CA?
poll, what laws would you make if you had the power?
Are Santa-Banta jokes offensive to Sikhs?
Why do some people who create superheroes and supervillains try to put emphasis on...?
Have you ever had that 'Train station situation'?
Poll: Am I a bad dad/person or would you do the same?
Did you guys see that 30 for 30 about tonya harding?
Poll: how does this video make you feel?
Romantic French music from 1920's?
How do you like you like your coffee?
Poll:Have you ever spied on one of your neighbors?
Which piece is harder, Telemann Viola Concerto in G: 2nd Movement or 4th?
Poll: Is this true or false.....?
Poll: How many 5 year olds could you take in a fight?
Thoughts on these lyrics?
i need one iran movie information by IMDB?
poll, what;s something you want to tap?
What one direction interview did these gifs come from?
Is American idol any good this year?
Movie trivia? Long debate about this?
How do i build confidence?
Do you like New Jersey more as a result of Bruce Springsteen?
Help me!!!! My dad is going to be so mad!!!!!?
What country would you want to visit?
What country would you want to visit?
Similar bands? (Rock - Punk Rock - Pop Rock Ect ect..)?
13.05.1984 and time 11:20am place anandpur sahib , is there any chance to settle abroad ? If yes when ..?
Is this any good? November rain 1st solo.?
Young dracula season 4 DVD?
Guitar Amp question for settings?
Poll: What historical race category are you in?
Poll: When you see my profile pic do you assume I'm a girl?
I mean i cant life with out girl?
poll, what if you woke up one morning n couldn't remember how the clown next to you in bed ended up there?
Did the color of the text box when answering/asking questions change?
Can someone tell me what song this is?
How was your best day ( so far) like?
I don't understand why people drink half and half?
How many different schools have you been to in your life?
Poll: Do you enjoy being sp@nked?
Can you life without TV, PC, smartphone, internet, game machine?
Which movie do you like better?
Can someone tell me what chapter does the dragon arc begins on Fairy Tail of the manga?
What was the moment that \sold\ the Trailer Park Boys tv show for you?
What's your favorite song?
I'm 17 years old and my dad still spanks me when I do something wrong?
poll, what would you do if you found a dead clown in your home?
Help me!!!! My dad is going to be so mad!!!!!?
Which 1989 theme song is better?
WDYT of the name Gavin ?
what vehicle do you use for following your heart ?
Is your hair straight, curly or wavy?
Poll: Have you heard of these...?
Why is it wrong for guys to wear make up to cover up blemishes and even out the skin tone?
Good anime suggestions?
what is the new country song, i think its something like wild child?
Poll: Which city would you wanna live in?
Poll: is it better to have loved and lost than to not have loved at all?
CF Martin vs. Gibson?
Have you ever seen a wimpy guy with tattoos and a beard?
Anyone know the name of this classic movie?
What actually happend to Syd Barrett?
Is Mahabharat a real story? 10 points?
List of Gundam Franchise Dubbed Media?
Why turttle can beat a rabbit in racing?
When was the last time, you did something for the first time?
Does anyone know all Kendrick lamar, ab soul and schoolboy q mixtapes/albums?
How do i find a past channel lineup for TMC (The Movie Channel) on Directv?
From the following \toys\ which one looks the best in terms of design?
Where can I watch bachelor season 18 for free?
Do you like people wih accents?
How to deal with a jealous leo man?
Wouldn't it be awesome to have hair like David Bowie in Labyrinth?
Men: How easily do you cry?
Which TV show would go best with...?
Do you something forget that I'm only one man?
What is the tittle of naruto ost that played in episode 341 minute 02:20-04:25?
how can I refill my phone this is the first time for me?
Poll: are you scared by those hard facts about SEX?
Cigarette Smokers: What is your favorite brand of cigarette(s) and do you prefer menthol or non menthol?
Are men or women more sexually inappropriate?
What do you think of this hair color?
Am I A Mestizo that look More spaniard But you can notice in mixed?10PTS!!?
What's the best singing dvd program?
How can i get into the Fantasy Factory?
Guys: Do you think this message sounds desperate or nice?
Should I see wolf of Wall Street?
What earromgs to wear with a side low bun?
Is it possible to double major as...?
NCIS is a horrible show so why is it so popular?
would you marry a women who was passionate about a career?
Identify, please. Music from the early/mid 90s.?
Poll: Is balancing equation hard?
Overall which is the better buy? Yamaha YDP-162, P-155, or Clavinova CLP 430.?
HELP colour for iphone 5c?
Is there another episode of Fairy Tail about Acnologia?
Whats the easiest and the hardiest musical instrument to play?
HELP colour for iphone 5c?
Any suggestion on any apps for listening to music?
What is the country song with a guy and girl and i think they're running away together or on the run?
After our workout would like to go to Mcdonald's with me?
The last song why did Kim and Steve get divorced?
Can someone check out some of my new beats?
need a good country band name?
Survey:What is your favorite shoe brand?
Whos gread leader / President/ General...on world in all time?
Did you play knock down ginger as a kid?
Has anyone told you that your beautiful today?
Survey: If you won an award, what would it be for?
Songs i should learn on the guitar?
Help Me Rap Please!!!!!?
Poll: Western Emoticons or Eastern Emoticons?
Need an idea on what to write a song on?
Poll: PLEASE LISTEN..........?
POLL: How's everyones 2014 so far? Do you have a resolution?(:?
What are your thoughts on space exploration?
Mommy, there's an airplane up in the sky?
Do you know the name of this movie?
What's up with Tony Stark's heart?
Why was 2pac bald homes?
Naruto Shippuden episode 342 OST?
Would Kurt Cobain ever considering joining Mad Season if he is alive?
Choose dragoon on croach?
Does your city feature dancing girls?
Poll Do you cram (study the night) before a test?
Crackers with Cheese or Peanut Butter Crackers?
In your opinion, who is the greatest artist of all time that's still alive?
Poll: Did you know that the human body has enough bones to make an entire skeleton?
Which one should i do to pass time: listen to music or watch netflix? Cant decide...?
Do you listen to music while you're on Y!A?
Whats fictional and whats accurate in the movie a knights tale?
Will there ever be a naruto shippudden and bleach OVA crossover episode?
What are your top 3 love songs and Why do you like them so..?
Which is the film you feel represent the battle between evil and good ?
Girls: Imagination time!!!!! Is this really bad?
I miss my father, Help?
How can I get a sound similar to this?
Good drama movies that will make you cry?
what is your favorite movie?
When was the last time you had a bowl of Lucky Charms cereal?
Why do you think Arianna Grande is pretty?
How to move on when you like someone too much?
poll:which band is more better static x nickelback spineshank black sabbath or metallica?
Poll: how to loose 100 pounds in 100 days ?
Have you ever tried bacon flavored popcorn?
I'm looking for a romantic,comedy,and action anime?
What do you think about?
Tyler the creator is atheist?
How do I get my motivation/energy back?
Vocaloid fans Answer a small question i have xD?
The Simpsons and fisting?
Hopsin is crazy? Why he hates tyler the creator?
Songs about loving a girl whos out of your league ?
what do guys my age do with the internet? i'm 17?
P?? ? : do cats bark ?
Poll: Out of these 2 songs, which one is worse?
Poll: When Will I See You Again?
Who is better: Tyler the Creator or Hopsin?
Was this considered as a punch on the back for this girl?
Poll: Do you have the A/C or Heat on right now...or are you \au naturel\ with the windows open?
that death note song?
Friend doesn't like my dating advice?
Is there any good romance anime out there?
Am I involved in too many clubs?
THE LAST OF US? TESS?
What are some good bands that play progressive or melodic extreme metal?
Do you like sushi food..................?
What would you do if strangers tried to make fun of you?
Cancer man Pisces moon guy help?
What would you do if I were your pet?
Can you guess which one of the following animals is not a dinosaur?
Do you have to be stones to enjoy psychedelic music?
Is there an indie rock radio station on the radio?
Music similar to Lana Del Rey?
Poll: What would you do if...?
What timecode is this picture from in scarface?
Have you ever worn a pair of underwear without washing them for over a week?
Are these jeans just creased in an awkward position?
poll, is there anything you can do now that you wish you were forbidden from doing?
What is the \Country Livin\ trivia and other Radio trivia help for 1/17/14?
Will I Get A Suitable Job?Scared Of Ketu Mahadasa Starting March 2014.Please Advise?
Girls do think if we salsa danced three hours a day together that we would eventually fall in love together?
How to get rid of pimples?
Is Pamela Anderson a nice person and flirty besides being sex symbol, if you know something she did please say?
Are libra guys really nice or is it sll superficial? Do you know an genuinely nice libra guys?
which movie is this scene from?
Can you dance if you want to?
RHH: Why do you believe mixtapes are often overlooked when looking at a rapper's discography?
True/False: Hitler used to be a good guy until he shaved his moustache to hitler moustache?
Poll: Are you loud or quiet when you sneeze?
Good songs for lego video?
are you familiar with actor Tom Berenger, I need movie suggestions starring him, please?
I dont know what the hell to do?
Poll: Your thoughts on this....?
Who is one celebrity that was a geek as a teen but is considered drop dead gorgeous now?
Survey: You're walking in the streets alone and you see a group looking like gangsters. What do you do?
Poll: does this look like a cool show to march?
Wattpad is being dumb.?
does Hatsune mikes voice actor sing all hatsune miku's songs, or is it all generated from a sample?
What video is this Katy Perry gif from?
Naruto shippuden ost 3?
GUYS: What are your attitudes towards love and marriage?
will there be an immortals 2???
What rapper still lives in his hometown?
Who is a good rapper who's terrible at picking beats on his album?
Would Kim Jong-un and Dennis Rodman make a cute couple? I wonder if Dennis still has his wedding dress.?
What zodiac signs are the most pretty in your experience?
Why do I like all the movies that most people dislike?
What is your happiest moment ever ?
What is the name of that 90's TV show with a group of ex-convicts running a bar?
What is the worst album you regretted buying that people hyped up?
Have Natsu and Lucy gotten together in the current manga? ( Fairy Tail )?
Which movies started as feature length films and then were made into television series?
How many of Hayao Miyazaki's anime movies have had a Golden Globe or Oscar Award nomination or winning one?
Do you have a sexy blonde girlfriend?
Witchy woman, see how high she flies?
Am I the only one who hates duck dynasty more than the kardshians?
Sudden taste in music change?
Do you know any teen moms?
What all do I need to get Or have netflix.. step by step?
Could you be a paramedic?
Help with name of an anime?
What type of fanfiction is this?
Have you ever played a game of chess against your will?
Any spanish singing artists suggestions?
Do you like Sun Chips?
Poll: Boobs or Butt???
what did this person mean?
One time I was sitting on Matt's couch. Jeff walked by. He couldn't take his eyes off me?
Does anyone know who this model is?
What are some good Jpop artists?
I need help singing and screaming with my voice please help?
What do you think of a girl asking a guy out?
Embarresed to tell my friends i film?
What time should I arrive to a GA Cody Simpson concert if I have VIP?
Should I trade in my Les Paul Special 2 for a used Stratocaster?
Moon in Scorpio vs Moon square Pluto: which would be more intense and quick to show intense anger?
Survey: You're walking down a hallway with friend, you trip and they start laughing. What do you do ?
Help with naming this animated movie?
Who do u like better madonna,britney,\gag\a,katie perry,or selena gomez?
Can someone be beautiful yet not cute?
Can this person sing? What should he work on?
Why are there many bisexual celebrities?
does every famous music artists has soul their sell to the devil?
When was the last time?
What is the longest time you had to hold your pee/poop in?
Any horror story..... like below..,? ?!?
Where can I stream The Wolf of Wall Street online?
POLL: Does kissing a spoonful of honey count as a first kiss?
Who thinks Darker than Black should be turned into a live action Jet Li movie (or series)?
I want to meet my favorite band?!?
Nirvana or R.E.M and why?
Creative ways to dispose of a film?
What would a postcard from Hell look like? What would be on it?
What musical artist or bands do you think we will remember in 50 years?
Do you live in the same?
Most romantic kiss you had ever had..?
Do you like girls boys or both?
Have you ever seen the television show here comes Honey Boo Boo?
Does ontogeny recapitulate phylogeny? I seem to be growing gills.?
What are some new/good songs without swearing??
does itunes radio require wifi ?
What is your favorite transportation mean ?
why shouldn't assisted suicide be legal for those with terminal illnesses?
is it okay to add distortion to a bass?
Why does anyone find Louis CK funny.?
what would be your last words before you die?
What is a good tv series i can watch?
Do you like the name megan?
Which Rob Zombie film is better?
Adults 25+: Is this true, or am I over-thinking things?
Explain a short lyrics^^?
POLLS: Should they ban guns(only a few exceptions)?
Does hard rock always sound good on acoustic guitars?
Why is this capricorn nagging/judging me so much lately?
What are some casts your glad they didnt keep in a movie (changed before being made)?
What is a good alternative rock band?
Poll for the Ladies and the Chaps?
what are some really good horror movies on netfix?
What if Taylor Swift zapped her fans at a concert with a laser that froze their voluntary muscle functions...?
My mother is driving me to keep everything locked in lock boxs?
Poll: Did the drinking start yet?
Survey:You have crush on a girl/guy in your school and you can't keep it a secret anymore. What do you do?
Did you know it's possible to open up a corked wine bottle with just a shoe?
Which Friday The 13th movie do you like better?
Have you ever seen the television show here comes Honey Boo Boo?
Any ideas for an Alto Sax Solo?
Do you ever worry to the point you feel exhausted or sick?
What is a nicer dessert, cream puff , cannoli or lemon bar ?
have you ever stayed up all night doing homework/coursework?
how to get signed to interscope records?
Is my singing voice okay?
What is the difference between Critics' Choice Awards, Oscars and Golden Globe Award?
What song is this? (some lyrics)?
Did you know that 2014 is El Niño year?
Have you ever been emotional?
Who else thinks that Avatar is a brilliant movie?
What does it mean if someone says \You would be in good stead with our president\?
Do you know the name of the snack that smiles back?
Which is worse: a sore loser or a sore winner?
T or F: Getting good grades in school doesn't mean you're smart?
What's happening to me?
I need help finding who wrote a song and the title. PLEASE HELP!!! It's KILLING me !!!?
Has anyone read Golden Time the light novel that could give me spoilers?
Poll: When was the last time you got lost...?
I need help finding who wrote a song and the title. PLEASE HELP!!! It's KILLING me !!!?
Would you like eight million turtles?
Movie about film of a angel being tortured?
Are you tired of the Y&R scandal?
In one piece does bellamy return?
How do you make an air pocket in your cheek?
Sites to find new music?
poll: Why do guys always play this game?
Would you drive this car?
Why are zodiac signs effecting me like this?
How often do you clean your disgusting oily fingerprinted smartphone screen?
How might people define a band named, One Dictionary?
POLL: Was Anne Frank gay?
Would you look at your father differently if you found out he's gay?
Should I wear this to school? Or play the safe game?
Why are these characters villain?
What do you want to name your children?
Why does alot of people say b.c rich guitar are not that good.?
Adults 25+: Would this make sense?
Superman VS Batman, whos will win?
Does knowing where a movie is filmed influence your decision to see it?
Who sings the theme for silent witness?
ellie goulding nottingham arena concert questions?
Which Gibson/Epiphone Les Paul to buy?
did I do the right thing!!! I need help fast?
Would you ever use the Ouija Board?
at what international time you drink your tea?
What is your blood type?
POLL: what's a food you absolutely hate?
survey: on a scale of 1 to 10 how shy are you ?
I have a big question about astrology?
If you could read minds…?
What do you do when you realize that there's no soap to shower (when already naked)?
Can you name me some essential Canadian Musicians to listen to?
Poll: What is a average gpa to get into college (canada)?
Will the Believe Movie ever come out to Victoria BC?
What is the most random thing you can think of right now?
Directioners: Do you hate it when someone calls you a carrot?
when was the last time you heard \Gauss's Law is ridiculously simple?\?
Can somebody recommend me a soap opera anime?
Best songs to daydream to?
what do you do for fun?
What is this song (60's song)?
What's that rock song instrumental?
Is sword art online extra edition a movie?
Do you like the song Applause by Lady Gaga?
what is the color of your mosquito net?
What's that movie...?
What are you Top 5 current albums (or of all-time)?
Do you make your bed every morning? Why some people are too lazy to make their bed, have they no shame?
Don't be scared anymore just do it ok?
Do you prefer beef burger or tacos?
geometry help please ?
Are you Single or Not?
POLL: Should I ask the FedEx guy for his number?
What's the movie? please help?
What is the most hardcore song written by Attila?
Are you for or against parents spanking their children?
Does anyone know this song? https://soundcloud.com/macinapp/unknown-please-identify?
Songs about the American Dream?
Am I too old for this?
How do I do high screams, like Chris Motionless?
Where do single women hang out?
Ever dreamed of being attacked by the characters from the Toy Story movies?
Poll: Girls: Do you like Strip Clubs?
Where can I find Kuragehime/Princess Jellyfish?
What type or genera of anime do you think the character in my picture is from?
Quiz: Are You Sapiosexual? What are your Venus and Mars placements?
i've been trying to find this movie for over a year. can you help me?
Why did the boss want to show me the door? I've been working here for three years. I know where it is.?
do pisces men like rexts or calls better?
Y&R Are you forward to Ian Ward vs Victor Newman?
If the Professor on Gilligan's Island was so brilliant then why was he stranded on a Hollywood set so long?
Why would someone Willingly Humiliate Themself Like This?
What shade of brown are me eyes?!?!?
Do you hope to have a child like yourself some day?
Girl : do you like guy with friendly personality?
What is every ones age and favorite music artist?
Men, Would you ever Scratch/bite or pull hair like a girl does if you were in a street fight?
If you were an action figure do you think people would buy you?
What is the answer to the Round riddle? Please help!?
Do you watch Pretty Little Liars?
LOVE is ....................?
yes or no you are smiling now?
Guitarists, What is the difference between classical and acoustic guitars?
Do you like public or private restrooms?
Do you have to have good grades in geometry to be an animator?
Would you be a paramedic?
Survey: You find money on the streets, while it's a bit crowded around. What do you do (read)?
Best anime soundtracks?
Signs of being Lead On?
a country song it says sometimes what you leave behind is closer than what appears?
If your future child came out looking like an anime character would you still love them?
If I'm 16, can I go into an R-rated movie with my 17 year old friends?
Would you rather have a strong romantic relationship with a werewolf or vampire?
Would you date a guy who thinks he is Tinkerbell?
yes or no your home have a Refrigerator?
When's the season premier of Grey's Anatomy?
question about The Departed?
When you have a grilled cheese sandwich with fries... So you put the fries inside of the sandwich?
Does love always go hand in hand with some sort of heart break ?
I've written a movie script and now I want to direct it myself. How do secure backing to proceed?
Why shouldn't a 17 year old girl be trusted with staying home alone for 2 weeks?
Are there any such thing as wild cow?
Poll: If you had to choose, which one of these hobbies would you take up?
How does the fact that you came out of your mother's ****** make you feel?
Can I use vegetable compost to make herbal tea?
Do you like Ariana Grande?
Have you seen the movie Enemy of the State?
can you maybe name these two movies?
Survey: Cremated, being buried, or other?
Who's better EMINEM OR WIZ KHALIFA?
Poll: What should I do?
do you pee in the shower?
What is my zodiac sign? (Gemini or Cancer)?
what is the color of your bed sheet?
Is it possible to use cremation ashes to make coffee?
One day you will be old. How does that make you feel?
How does the heart that Ashton Irwin drew on a fans wrist look like?
Why do I get along with opposite zodiacs?
k-pop and other Korean genes?
Poll: Have you ever seen a pretty woman walking down the street?
POLL: earthquakes, fire. Are you about dat california life???
What makes a woman, a woman ?
Males: Do you like the body of a Dallas Cowboys Cheerleader?
if someone came up to you & said \You wanna shake the hand that shook the world\, What would you say?
downton abbey - did this annoy anybody else?
downton abbey - did this annoy anybody else?
Why can't I sing out loud?
are you a christian???
Poll:which of the lantern corps would you join ?
Survey: What was your favorite part about today?
what are u doing now?
What matters more-where you're going, or the people you're going with?
Who was the best looking American Idol judge?
Home recording tips please!?
Why can't I get this out my head?
Something that will make me happy?
Why can't Men just admit Women are always right?
How many hours did you sleep last night? and are you feeling sleepy right now?
Poll: When did your dad die?
Do you ever laugh at things that aren't supposed to be funny?
POLL: Most stupid excuse you got when friendzoned?
Movie with native population and artifacts? Comedy.?
hello how do u feel now?
Which throw for sofa?
Is it weird if a 17 year old and a 13 year old are best friends?
If I was a big fat grasshopper and you were a skinny bird could we be friends or would you eat me?
Are you open minded regarding the subject of lobotomies?
How will the world be like if?
what is worst saying yout gonna slit yourself or being a pot head?
As a rule of thumb is it a good idea not to eat things with additives you cannot pronounce?
What's the worst thing you would spend money on?
Do people prefer wake up time or bed time?
Why do my guitar strings keep breaking?
Please answer my survey here?
What are some good songs in the synthpop/eclectro music these days?
Which Gundam series is it?
Why are people hypocrites on assisted suicide?
Should I get a older car with low miles 120k or less or get a more newer car with heavy miles (150k+)?
RHH: who sample?? (easy level)?
What are the side effects of dextrin?
Would you judge someone by their zodiac sign?
Self Poll: why does it feel weird to listen to your own recorded voice...?
Wanna take an anonymous survey?
What is the easiest disability to have?
Poll: Have you ever been Sky Diving?
Poll: Would you date a US Marine?
What is the greatest holiday of the year?
Who is the greatest actor / actress of all time?
What are you most afraid of?
What is the best episode of a TV show ever?
What movie should I watch?
A girl asking a guy out?
Has an anime ever made you take interest in a subject you never would have otherwise?
Why is he acting like this?
What is the font used on the posters for her?
Do you think the past always catches up with someone who is trying to run away?
What's the lowest your WiFi indicator bars have ever gone?
Poll to see how clever you are: what is the formula for.....?
Somebody Told Me or Mr. Brightside?
Will you brighten my day with your presence for a change?
Looking for amazing sassy songs to dance to that aren't popular whatsoever...any suggestions?!?
What is the name of the mid 1980's movie where teenagers get trapped in the arcade game Elevator Action?
What is this technique in music called? When instruments accompany a performance?
General Admission at Panic at the Disco concert? help?
One word can stop a wars?
What is a good anime or manga?
Poll: RIP Roger Lloyd Pack?
why are scorpio and taurus men attracted to me a sagittarius?
Should I celebrate the Hollandaise with my saucy girlfriend Bearnaise?
Do you think 3 hours is too much for a biology class in college?
YG Entertainment Audition 2014?
Question for Beatmakers/Producers only?
Whats your favorite junk food?
How long will the hunger games catching fire be out (USA(?
Do you think genesis rodriguez is hot?
How would i look in astrology?
Bury the Hatchet Tour - Falling in Reverse Songs?
Why do celebrity deaths come in threes?
What are the cons of exercising ?
What Kind of Artist is Nate Ruess?
MUSIC AND SONGWRITING: Why do some songwriters and musicians need ...?
What something hard to find?
What does the future hold in store ?
Poll: Do you tend to be unbiased even if that might endanger your relation with people?
Is Niall really dating Barabra the model?
What is your favorite bug?
do you put goldbond powder between your thighs on a hot day to stop the sweating?
Yahoo answers is more interesting than the television - true or false ?
Would you rather.......?
What are some songs for a soprano voice?
POLL: What would you do if a pizza slice fell on your head from above?
Are your palms sweating?
songs about family? (anything about family)?
Poll: Who do you dream of one day meeting?
Do you have a problem with saying its not of your business?
Poll: Is your personality similar to your parents?
NASHVILLE TV - 1/15/14 episode, TITLE OF SONG sung by Deacon and Maddie in the end?
how do i change my string rate on a vanilla minecraft server?
What will be the \back in my day\ when you are an old person?
Would you choose your college major based on your intetests or what parents say.. ?
What is the name of the movie where the protagonist takes revenge for the murder of his father?
Do you want yahoo to notify you when you get a thumbs down?
What Naruto game should i get?
How do you satisfy your manly \needs\ if you don't have time to date?
Poll: US Marines or US Army or US Navy or US Air Force?
Should actress Lupita Nyongo be considered to play the next Bond girl?
Do girls still pop their foot backward when kissing?
Is \Abbey Road\ really the best Beatles album?
Poll: why do i keep getting violations? is Y!A racist?
What genre is this song?
What's something we can all agree upon ?
How to expand my vocal range?
POLL: Does DNC mean does not count or did not complete? is that a bad or a godo thing?
What is this song, I think it's by the Rolling Stones?
Do you really care about \The Oscars\ with all that is going on in the world today?
Is it possible to be a concert pianist while taking computer engineering class?
POLL: how much money do you make as an accountant?
what are some songs for a soprano voice?
Would this make a good creepy pick up line? (For joke)?
Poll: What would you do if you saw somebody slashing your tires?
What is the name of this anime?
What do you think is the best way to die?
How would you describe a great Hip Hop artist for you?
Is it a douch3 b@g thing to wear a gold chain that reads: Hustla, when going to your g/fs house for dinner?
What are x-rated novies?
how do my lyrics sound?
What section of yahoo answers do all the pretty women hang at?
Poll: wat iz Justin bin beibers address ?
Poll: What are your favorite kind of boots?
Has anyone ever blocked you on here because,......?
Poll- How often do you exercise?
10 points what is a .....?
What's your blood type?
Who are these belami pornstars? (picture)?
Would you rather eat an apple or a slice of pizza?
i can never feel at peace with myself?
Looking for Yaoi's! Help?
What Movie is more Tolerable to watch 'SHOWGIRLS' or 'SPICE WORLD' ?
You suddenly woke up from you sleep..and you found out a man with an axe in front of you?
how to hit high notes again?
Can you learn piano on a MIDI keyboard?
Poll: Would you rather have lots of money or lots of love?
Why do babies drink baby milk?
POLL : Do you like YTP?
Do you think that if you ever get famous you'll resist the pressure and not change like most of them?
does john legend think hes a genius or some s**t??!?!?
How do you spot a terrorist?
How can I get lots of pretty women?
Survey: Does your values call upon you to care about the lives of people you will never meet?
If you were stranded on an island (see spechs below), what would you do to escape? Or will you decide to stay?
How to be a male model?
What Wahlberg brother Mark Wahlberg or Donnie Wahlberg had the Better Music Career?
music production electronic?
POLL: why is there no end to homework?
What drink are you drinking now?
If you had to lose one of your senses which one would it be?
Can a Ham Radio on the 10 meter band transmit from Canada to the USA?
What college schedule would you prefer?
Would you personally rather move/relocate to Florida or Texas?
Do you leave everything until the last minute?
Would you like to work at an apartment complex?
Please answer the following survey?
Best film of 2013..................?
Anyone looking for someone to feature on a hip hop track?
Poll- What do you think of Justin Bieber?
what is it that women love about men? I am a lesbian btw.?
If you followed your heart where would you be?
how old were when you lost your virginity? (and are you a male or female?)?
Poll: What do you think happens when someone reaches 1 million points, and what does it say about the person?
Tsubasa anime series help?
What to know about 3 some?
How scary is Supernatural?
Does anybody know how Highschool DxD Anime is selling?
why do you think some people are such control freaks?
Why do I have a negative paypal balance of £25 on my paypal balance? I have no opened disputes on ebay etc?
Do you frequently fantasize about time travel?
When you look at an old lady, can you tell what kind of young woman she was?
What are some good country songs about leaving home?
IMPORTANT! Should teachers be limited with the amount of homework they are allowed to give each day? Plz help!?
How much volume does it take to blow the speakers out of a pair of Beats by Dr. Dre?
What kind of whisperer should i become ?
How often should you write jokes?
What are some good country songs about leaving home?
My sister is a Scorpio and I'm a Aries she's beautiful and I'm beautiful also.?
What does it mean if your pee is yellow?
Poll: What is your favorite color?
What do you think of 'No pants subway ride' day?
POLL : which city do you like to live in?
I need help with one direction !!?
Does anyone know the song that, repeats the term,\brown skin,\?
Who is the greatest news journalist of all time in the USA?
Is this normal for guys?
Have you ever had sex in your parents bed?
What is your favorite it's so bad it's good movie?
Can you guess which one of the following animals is not a wolf?
how can you weaponize electromagnetic radiation?
Who played the film character \Jack Ryan\ best?
How To Sing Properly?
Can someone make a rap about water proof bread?
Poll: Does this girl dislike me or doesn't know I exist?
i really want to be a singer :)))?
What's the name to this Meme face?
Where can I watch the fosters season 2?
Name a few main things (battles?) from Batman? Please help?
Guys: Do you like petite or big tall women and why (be honest!)?
Is it ok if I play a NTSC xbox console in Europe?
where can i download free music on my iphone?
Whats the TV show revenge about?
Poll- Do you listen to screamo?
Who choreographed the dance routine in Beyonce's \Sweet Dreams\ official video?
How do find out whos following me on ask.fm?
what is it that women love about men?
Poll: What is some thing you are Really Good At Doing but you really Dislike doing it?
what is it that women love about men?
Do you think this sounds 80s (listen to it)?
what is it that women love about men?
If we went on a Picnic what would you bring?
Can anyone compose a music score for $50?
Put your ipod/phone on shuffle and comment comment the first five songs to play?
What European country do you admire the most?
Need an animated intro(Letters)!?
What is one thing you really want in the near future?
How to get my boyfriend to kiss me?
is One Direction Pregnant?
was the lady being rude to me??? i sort of had a go at her and she didnt say anything?
Can anyone give me the name of this song?
Poll guys only !!!!!!!!?
I'm thinking about giving anime a fair change? Beginner tips?
New manga debuts in english market this year?
What do you wash first and last when showering?
If you someone wear an ankh cross how would you react?
How is Peter Jackson going to fit everything that happened between The Hobbit and LOTR in There and Back Again?
Who will win these street fights?
Death Metal VS Black Metal?
What do I say to police of someone broke in or there's burgerler?
HELP WITH A DOG NAME (need a nerdy/comic name!)?
Poll: Anyone else that The Beatles were just the One Direction of the 60's?
Poll~Do you notice things other people probably wouldn't?
Poll: What is more adorable than a librarian charging overdue fees?
Would you stop smoking if your new boyfriend/girlfriend asked you to?
What's this Bruno Mars song called?
What comes to mind when you hear...?
what country song is this?
Why do people assume that we will never have another musical legend?
true or false - people don't change if you want them to?
How do you change a flawed system?
What do you think is the most violent music genre?
Can Leo men be a bit emotionally distant in a relationship?
K-otix's best songs?
-poll- When's the last time you had poutine?
If I learn how to play electric guitar, will I also be able to play the acoustic guitar without taking....?
is there any mpreg fanfictions of these animes (inside)?
Anime Characters like Deishu Kaiki from Monogatari?
Name of a country son?
spelling this or that?
I want to do something extreme for charity breast cancer research but what? and how?.?
Poll: Would a clean house be a sure sign the computers are broken?
POLL:Who's your idol?
Do you remember how U saw the world when U were as young as you can recall being? Do U miss that perspective?
CBB: was it appropriate for Jim to bring up something that happened 19 years ago?
....What should I do about my birthday?
Apparently you can't like a band if you don't know the names of the members... Were you aware of this?
Of all the fast food restaurants, which do you think tastes the worst?
When is Brent Rivera's birthday?
Difference between house and trance music?
is this flirting or not?
Why when you have a stomach bug, people talk about the tastiest food out there?
Poll: What are some fun arts and crafts involving empty egg cartons?
Mac Demarco guitar sound?
Poll: What is your opinion of a Adult in their 30's who sleeps with a Teddy Bear?
What is the name of the parrot mail bandit cartoon from the 1930s/1940s?
Which type of music would you rather listen to: Rock or Country music and why?
People under 27: Do you feel young?
What are the weather conditions like where you live?
What is this song? The last dance?
Would you give birth my child even if it meant your demise?
Poll~Would or have you ever joined a dating site?
Have you noticed that only 2 questions every minute are being accepted here?
Why are Christians so homophobic?
How to make my dream continue?
Does this mean that Im different?
How do you solve the plaque's puzzle?
Can you watch new episodes of the ellen degeneres show on TV in the uk?
Up to the challenge? Here on The River Of Many Fish....?
in Rocksmith 2014 I can't level up?
Is the problem today is that people don't know how to behave and?
What's this Brad Paisley song?
What is the most original thing you've ever done?
Poll: What was the Last thing you had to Learn How To Live With?
Do you eat popsicles in winter time?
How should Justin Bieber's intervention be handled?
Good Rap Song Ideas ?
Poll: what do you think about when I say…?
Which tv show do you prefer new girl or community?
Do you use BBM on your phone?
What would you be doing right now if it weren't for technology?
What is up with Paul McCartney's ear?
Can you guess what percentage of all animals have a spine?
What animated movie is this? reward for answer?
what is the most disturbing movie that you can see on youtube?
Who's a worst parent?
Are there movies or songs that you like, but are too embarrassed to admit to liking?
Do you want to be lying on a vibrating surface right now?
What does it mean to have great abs?
Songs about being miserably in love?
Who would be worst to tick off?
How many Oscars awards does Leonardo Dicaprio have?
Poll: how come when I googled lesbian hair, pictures of Justin bin beiber came up ?
Is there something/someone in life you can always count on?
what is this movie scene please?
Is Magic Kaito done airing?
Which Disney Renaissance movie do you believe is the best?
Is Batman Forever an Adventure film?
have you ever been locked outside when its very cold?
was I nice to do that ???????????
who can handle pain better animals or humans?
Was being a good businessperson a significant factor in Madonna's success?
You will ever be at peace?
good dub anime for a 12 year old?
What does a radio news director do?
Which 1993 theme song is better?
who said \ Don't worry, about a thing, cause every little thing is gonna be alright\ ..?
Your top 10 favorite anime of all time?
So Is Digimon Fusion Good or Bad? i was just wondering because i am enjoying Digimon Fusion. am i the only one?
How many times have you procrastinated today?
Do you love strict teachers?
any funny video ideas?
Do you remember life clearly before social media?(Twitter, fb, youtube, myspace instagram and more)?
How can i view movies i don't want to see on RT?
Why do ppl call not-naturally redheads gingers?
why would a girl say she has a crush on a classical composer..?
Poll: What is the last thing(s) have You Talk Yourself Into Doing?
if your following someone on yahooanswers and want to ask them a question how do you do it?
Have you ever given someone a warm fuzzy?
Do you like Ariana Grande?
Is Pluto in the 4th house the same as having a Scorpio moon or the moon in the 8th house?
Questions on singing...please help?
How can I start a band?
Poll: Which parent do you think is more stricter: Moms or Dads and why?
Is it okay for a girl to wear a tuxedo?
deep music please? show me some beautiful music?
What is answer to the following wacky wordies?
in kindergarten cop what song is playing when kimble goes to \hang out\ with cindy?
When does the new Degrassi start?
More music like this please?? what type is it?
Tonight on prime time TV...Naked Golden Girls?
Is it just me or is Alex Pettyfer something else?
Poll- Why do I feel short of breath?
Poll: Who wants to see me flex?
Does anybody have an answer for life's greatest mystery: the ice cube tray?
Do you like the gif I made for you?
What do I need in my life to feel happy and at peace with myself?
How long does it take you to be sqaured away and ready for inspection after you wake up in the morning?
CBB.....Is Lee talking about Casey or Jasmine?
Who is this Actor? he looks really familiar?
is this lady correct on what she told him ??????????
How come my yahoo profile picture looks more attractive than all my other pictures?
do these actresses sign autographs for fans?
How do male celebrities go from ugly to good looking?
What is the name of the song/group on the Cinemax 2013 year ender video?
How to make my start awesome?
dont you hate when you run out of answers then you see the perfect question pop up?
What is one of your favorite meals to have for dinner?
Sagittarius man space etc?
what does 7th heaven stand for?
Am I the only one angry about this Oscar snub?
What's a beautiful name for a guy?
Beautiful concert band music to listen to?
any Korean/Taiwanese drama suggestion?
Does Aquarius in Venus go well with Aries in Venus and Does Aquarius in Mars go well with Pisces in Mars?
what are Jackie Chan's top ten movies?
Is it weird that I was full grown at 12 and a half?
Y&R....Do you think if MM had touched.....?
What would you say to someone who told you you're too old to be on Answers?
Guitar string winder question (bridge pin)?
Survey: How Deep Is Your Love?
A little movie advice! No criticism or ignorance -_-?
Beginning rapper help please?
I HATE FIRE DRILLS. WHATS THE POINT?
What is something you can do to get your anger out?
What happened to the reality tv category?
Who will leave one direction first?
Poll: Do you have any kids?
how are Gemini and Sagg opposites?
What brings you peace?
poll ::::tickling in cartoon & comics or tickling in anime & manga ,which one is sexier?
how much can I get for a Armstrong flute? That is only 2 years old and only played about 12 times ?
On which show, did the lead female's appendix rupture on \prom night?\?
Is it weird if an 18 year old and a 13 year old are best friends?
Themes in the first rocky movie (1976)?
What is your favorite kind of Pizza?
POLL: If Sarah Palin and Michelle Bachman were single, would you date them?
Poll- hey folks, have you noticed you can give users 2 thumbs up today?
Songs about being in love with your guy best friend?
POLL: IF you could punch someone in the face who would it be??
Will we ever see a female pop star as big as Madonna?
My moon in Leo, sun in cancer?
My moon in Leo, sun in cancer?
What quote is this movie from? \I've been there since the beginning not him\?
When was the last time you told a ..............?
If you could have any job that you wanted what would you choose?
Poll: What is the last thing(s) have You Talked Yourself Out Of doing?
Poll: clowns or mimes which are creepier?
Will we ever see a female pop star as big as Madonna?
I need help finding a new amazing anime.?
have i fractured or broken my knee?
Problem with making beat in fl studio?
HELP! How do i trick my mum?
Do you think Kayne West has delusions of grandeur?
Is Night of the Lepus appropriate for kids?
What is your life based around?
Girls would you date brave and daring guys like him? Or is he too extreme for you?
Judging by my profile picture would you say I look like Rihanna?
POLL: What are today's Bieber news? Haven't read ANYTHING about him today on Yahoo *worried*?
Should Trigun Maximum be made into animation?
How to write a love song w/o being cheesy?
POLL: ever consider getting back with an ex?
what would you choose, middle earth franchise or harry potter?
I'm about to ask this girl out, but she doesn't know me?
last house in the woods? please explain!!!?
Why is the Swiss quality so renowned?
DID THE PROFESSOR FROM GILLIGANS ISLAND PASS AWAY TODAY?
What is this song please?
So Justin Beiber threw eggs to his neighbor's house and now he owes 25 000 how is that possible?
Guys: Would you be comfortable with your girlfriend living with a male roommate.?
Am I measuring my height right? 10 points for best!!!?
A guy told me I am sexy asf. Was this disrespectful?
Who do you prefer: led zeppelin or aerosmith?
Is it a bad idea to label the keys on a piano?
Who here has a real fear of spiders?
Have all your dream ships been wrecked on the sharp rocks of reality?
Is it time to end corporate welfare?
Manga with scary/creepy/gorey stuff?
CBB...Does anyone think that Jim has a touch of Alzheimer's ?
The guy that likes me told his friend not to speak to me?
Do you prefer the bath or shower?
Do you think people outside the venue would help me into a gig?
What happened in Frank Carsons dressing room!!!??
Should I watch Blue Exorcist or Higurashi next?
Is it true that if Polls & Surveys bores you, you can always try another category?
He's being mean to me all of a sudden?
If I look straight into the sun can it blind me?
i forgot the name of a movie does anyone no what it is?
Poll: Love it or hate it...?
How do I cope with moving to a new town where I know absolutely no one?
how many tatoos does justin bieber have?
Best Law And Order Character?
CBB...Is Jim annoying you now?
what guess what check this out guys?
Are the Duck Dynasty people a bunch of fakes?
How high can you sing?
Do the Japanese have Facebook?
why doesent my snapchat have filters?
Best Law And Order Character?
Do you ever feel like you're invisible?
CBB Did Casey really ask Lee to have a showmance?
CBB-Linda showing her real true colours?
Is the anime Jormungand over?
Were you named after anyone?
CBB: is Jim someone who annoys a person then tries to act like the victim when they retaliate?
Top favorite rappers of current gen? I need some names.?
How to stay interested in a show for about 6 months?
What ages do you feel most nostalgic about?
Wat are some songs like sleeping with sirens roger rabbit?
Crash with friends or stay in a hotel?
How can I meet Emma Stone?
What's your opinion of the rock group queen?
Did London Bridge ever fall down?
An old TV movie.. Whats it called?
why is saturn personified with time?
Movie theatre shooter going to get justice?
What would happen someone put their hand in front of welder?
CBB: aww, Lee is upset someone took advantage of his heart?
What's an indie-rock sounding song that has whistling through out it?
Have you ever been stung by a bee?
Is this a huge mistake my friend did?
have your heart ever been broken?
What are some sites where I can upload albums?
What sport (Name one) where the participants take the most punishment?
What some contemporary bands that have jazz influences?
Would you like to go to the moon?
Name something more fun then fast food and video games?
best would u rather questions?
Movies about murderes with an M.O?
two questions about death note?
Poll: if you are 18 or older I have a question?
when was the last time that you cried?
Poll: Were you born in the 90's.?
Can YOU crack nuts with your teeth like squirrels do?
Who owns the home video rights to IGPX?
Why is there only 2 Kamisama kiss episodes on animestatic?
when will shingeki no kyojin episode 26 come out ?
CBB: do you think the public evicted Jasmine to punish Lee?
Was it ever mentioned on the show, \The Partridge Family\, what happened to the father?
Does anyone throw up in moulin rouge?
CBB: do you think/hope Jasmine will break Lee's heart, like he did to Casey?
Best song ever??? explain y??
Best song ever??? explain y??
What song is at the start of this Video?
Anyone else wondering what is up with this world?
emotional/moving bass songs?
Do you have a double standard?
Will there be a section for people who want to ask questions about?
help me which movie is it?
What is your favorite album from LL Cool J?
Why does my throat hurt and my voice sound worse after voice rest?
How old is SpongeBob? (This is serious! Don't laugh!) (?
Help I need advice he's really confusing me?
How come young adults/ teenagers are never religious?
I need a new anime to watch?
Is it weird if a person born in 1996 wears this shirt?
Who would win a rap battle?
Do you work at a hospital, have you seen ghosts?
I`m looking for a good movie plot tipe- someone is hellped in the past and after some year the deed is returnd?
Where there any political figures who diagreed with the amount the U.S. was loaning to allies in world war 1?
Rock & Pop: Carole King or Linda Ronstadt?
What are your favorite tv shows?
Give me your opinion on the top ten most popular rock bands.?
Y&R Who thinks Kelly is the person who ran Delia down?
POLL: what does it feel like when guys grab your butt?
Do you like heavy metal?
when will dengeki daisy chapter 64 come out ?
R&B : Which female group do you think contains better singers : TLC vs SWV?
Do you like onions? Yes or no?
Anime like Fullmetal Alchemist, Brotherhood, and Pumpkin Scissors?
If someone set a bowl of nuts and a bowl of chocolates in front of you, which would you start with first?
What is my dominant sign, element, and aspect in my natal chart?
What do you think if you send someone a message on facebook and it says that it has been seen but........?
Is it weird if an 18 year old's best friend is 25?
What (Name one) kind of dog breed that u should not have as a pet in a apartment building?
do you think that Dj's who use the sync button are still real Dj's?
Do I have a bad taste in women...?
Is there a guide that teaches how to download unlimited movies legally and without using P2P sites?
Can I borrow your car?
Does anyone here has Uranus Square ascendant?
Will someone mix and edit my songs?
Name an elvis song? Bet you can't?
Where can I find the egg cycles for Pokemon Generation VI?
after Sharon Stone, has any celebrity provided us with a \flash\ that was really nice to see?
Is Brighton a good choice for the summer?
What's something that you don't like that a lot of other people seem to like?
Why was this answer singled out?
Tyler Joseph drug addict?
did the band FUN. break up? if they did, then when?
How to negotiate with a car dealer as a 20 year old?
what is your definition of a well deserved rest?
Poll: Have you ever complimented a stranger?
Poll: Have you ever complimented a stranger?
what is that movie's name?Plz help me to find that..?
Questions about Harry Potter?
What are some good martial arts movies?
Has this been a stressful day for you?
We got to school...for money...?
Need help finding song?
What are some good spy movies besides the James Bond series?
poll, have you attained enlightenment yet?
Is it true Scorpios are sexy and desirable....?
Last scenes in the victim's eyes?
what's so special about Disney's Frozen?
Which anime is darker Rozen Maiden or Higurashii?
Would the soap hollyoaks have to do research for characters?
How long will Naruto/Shippuden anime and How long will the Naruto manga last?
Guitar Tuning + G-Strings App?
Ok so who is with me? read this ?
GIRLS: Have you ever dressed up as a Disney Princess before?
Why does everyone love Levi from Attack on Titan so much?
Can't remember the name of this anime.?
Do you think this is a simple lifestyle?
Will the manga Antimagic Academy have an englsh Volume 1 released this year?
Do you love or hate pets?
poll, what is a food you wish you were eating now?
Can you recommend Yaoi/ Shounen Ai Anime?
Am i the only one that doesn't get IWABO?
Someone is spreading rumors about me?
Do you just love music? Is it the key of life?
when you watch scary movies, do you have to watch funny series/movies before you go to sleep?
Battle of the bands who wins?
Does my personality REALLY match my sign?
Do you like your ears being licked?
is it just me or is youtube trash these days?
does the adult movie actress melanie rios sign autographs for fans?
What are some modern songs with cultural references?
Is there an Anime like this?
Poll: What does the S on Superman's costume stand for?
I could sign a record contract exhibiting me in public?
My medical problem is getting serious. please pray?
poll, is it strange for me to be jealous of my boyfriend for having a bigger thing than I have?
Poll: If you could be any pet what would you be?
why did zetso treat tobi like crap before he joined the akatsuki?
Top famous/iconic people of all time?
True or False: You own a High Definition TV?
Looking for an anime?
Looking to start reading a new manga?
How does a funny person think ?(answer needed from funny people or comedians please)?
What is that old britney spears song. It's a slow one and in the begining it has a egyption type melody?
Do you agree with my list of the 10 greatest cartoons of all time? Why or why not?
My strings are going out of tube on my guitar?
Any new music?????????
Poll: rebel/tough girl name ideas?
Apparently I will fail my controlled assessment and my story is awful?
why do people think something is wrong with you if you're not talking?
have we domesticated Dogs?
Height Poll: Why is being \short\ a good thing?
POLL: what should you do if you have a heavy homework day?
If you could have any pet what would you have?
Where would 'Midnight Memories' by One Direction rank in Greatest Rock Albums list?
do you think you had the last laugh ?
Poll: Were you ever sucked into a jet engine during take off?
This is a strange question for fangirls?
How does the film Bogus end?
Poll: Are you hungry at the moment?
POLL: do you want your teachers to remember you?
What should I say about why I should be in the anti-villain league?
What is Sharknado???
Crazy situation what should i do help?
Which bleach chapter should i start reading from?
Which bleach chapter should i start reading from?
Poll: What do you think about awkward silences?
Trappist beer is brewed in 10 monasteries around the world. If a class would you drink it or politely?
why do some people talk so much?
why are the weeping angels considered for lack of a better term doctor whos most terrifying enemies known?
If you were to write a book what would it be about?
Does anyone else think that Jennifer Lawrence is extremely...?
hollyoaks: WHY DID JOE HAVE TO DIE??!?
How do I make my voice cracked n husky?
Poll: How Bad do you want it?
Did you ever take a police line?
Who is going to be your Valentine?
yes or no is Alex Rodriguez the greatest Man to ever live?
Which of us looks heavier?
Please help me find the title of this asianovelas?
eastenders, so who's pregnancy test is it?
Survey: Would you l.ike it being my (2?4)^0?
Have you got as much angst as you once had, and if not, where did it go?
My mom gave birth to me through C-section, does that affect horoscope readings?
What Leonardo DiCaprio movie is this from?
Vocal range. help please?
Cool anime costume ideas I could throw togethor?
Any witty come-backs? (Read details) :3?
Is the movie ... the same movie as...?
Hellsing Ultimate episodes 9-10 release dates?
do you ask me to reach the rainbow..?
Why is geometry so difficult to learn?
If \Dances with wolves\ is the answer what would be the question?
Why am I unable to download any videos off the internet today?
What burger has she eaten?
Someone you know asks you to take his dog for a month. Would you?
would you want the power to decide when you died?
would you want the power to decide when you died?
How can I meet Emma Stone?
When playing Scrabble do you always try to get in the last word?
How did Jimmy have the authorty to whack Mori since Jimmy wasn't a made man?
What kept kurt cobain from killing himself even earlier?
Is this the greatest album ever?
Does my car need a tuneup? A bingo card waving elderly lady passed me while riding a mobility scooter.?
where can i buy the coke boys album?
Should I take self defense classes? I am being bullied by a gang of Quakers.?
what instrument is this?
when i was skinny, girls always looking at me..?
How does one remove freshly exploded red dye from a sack of hundred dollar bills? I am asking for a friend.?
Why come most of my answers aren't submitting?
Mangas with sweet/smart heroine?
Who's your favorite celebrity you fantasize about being lost alone on an Island with?
What are some good songs (that are like hip hop or R&B) to sing to for AGT?
Should the 2014 ESPN Body Issue also feature on-air ESPN personalities?
Any good songs from the 70s-80s-90s ???
Should I get a giraffe or a panda?
why is my family so ghetto?
Do you have to go to school to be a music producer?
Do you work by emergency medical services?
In \The Green Mile\ movie?
Poll:Do you think people still treat black people differently?
is it normal being scared?
solve this impossible riddle?
KALIMBA HELP! Should I splash out for Hugh Tracey?
In \The Green Mile\ ?
At what moment would you say \My life sucks\ ?
Does TV Suck NowDays!?
Alternative rock, punk, hardrock fan needed! Help me! What's this song?
POLL: Who do you think will win the UEFA Champions League?
If Santa Claus could travel with a speed of light, would he be able to visit all children in one night?
Is Indiana Jones considered sci-fi?
High school kids - You know that many of you are going to end up as debt slaves?
Which would you rather living in your house?
Poll: Will you let me fix your broken heart?
What's the 661.4 (fans make) Naruto chapter?
POLL: Have ya ever heard this song?
when you use public toilet, do you sit on it right away or do you put tissue paper over the seat 1st?
Do you dislike reporting or does it only bother you?
List of One Piece opening and endings with what episodes?
Confused about the left and middle pedal on upright piano?
Is joe roscoe dead in hollyoaks?
How are kpop fans called?
what would you give me out of ten?
Did anyone else get the Katy Perry CD Prism and can you explain what this Prism is inside the CD?
Best 10 Evanescence songs??
why does the voice acting change after episode 84 for dubbed fairy tail?
is there a separate car radio antenna for am and fm?
Who is this female actress: slisbocaljaeaf?
Survey: What would you think of someone using an umbrella when it's snowing?
Poll - When was the last time you went to McDonald's?
Can anyone (non-CO resident) buy Marijuana in Colorado?
What are some websites I can watch my tv shows on?
What is the best way to score a chord with different note length values?
Good songs for a figure skating routine?
Any good movies to watch?
I need some new music!!!?
Y&R~How did Vikki know what Kelly and Billy were up to?
Romance anime where the characters are together as a couple through the series?
Big bang theory e4 advert?
What would you tell your teacher if your dog really did ate your homework..?
Lost Prophets Tee offensive? Bias?
What? Hm...are you missing anything/anyone these days?
what happened to Miley cyrus?
Poll - What is your greatest weakness?
B&B~.....Will Charlie tell Pam what Quinn said?
what are your thoughts on A7X and BFMV?
Are you gonna watch the new starwars movies in the cinema?
Can I buy Taylor Swift stuffs at her concerts?
Hm? Are you missing anything/anyone these days?
Upcoming 'celebrity' events?
Ladies, if you can only pick one which one would you pick and why?
Which wedding venue do you like better? I can't decide?
what's the name of an old movie?
What do you think of a female principal who enters the seniors lockerroom in a H.S.?
What is the singer saying on the Storage Wars theme song?
Expert astrologers : Advice for Grand trine in Water?
Expert astrologers : Advice for Grand trine in Water?
Expert astrologers : Advice for Grand trine in Water?
survey - why are many people interested more in celebrities lives than their own ?
Who is this female unscramble celebrity: knerdnstsiut?
High school kids - You know that college is a money-making scam?
Instagram unfollowing problems?
why do people think movies like the conjuring and insidious are scary?
Who hosted playboy naughty home videos?
-poll- How do you like the Johnny Cash album \ Bitter Tears \, and what songs are your favourites?
what's the worst thing that has happened to you this week?
Help NEED to know the name of this SONG?
PLEASE HELP---ANYONE KNOWS MATCH MAKING?
Do you agree with robin williams that god has a since of humor?
What is this store talking about??! (shipping policy)?
do you know what a bedonka donk is?
my iphone 4 went out and i tryed to hold both buttons and still nothing is coming on, what can i do?
Female elvis fans only,you only liked elvis because of his looks & not his music?
Can you have class and swag at the same time?
Which is the best anime of 2014?
Can someone show me how to drop the thun thun?
Can someone show me how to drop the thun thun?
Am I stupid????????????????
RHH : How many days can you resist without listening to rap music?
your favorite top 5 rappers?
Who is the original artist of this song?
Where can i watch dance moms season 2 for free in the uk ?
Obito storyline prolonging things or making it better?
Do you like Austin Mahone? Be honest?
Can you disable any follower, like someone whose account doesn't exist anymore?
Which cartoon style do you like better?
Since African American is the politically correct term for a black man?
How to get acoustic guitar to sound like this?
is my real name Janice?
What do you think of Selena Gomez?
Can you recommend some good comedy movies?
what is the name of the cartoon that showed on disney ...?
How can i rate the best answers to my questions here?
Songs with salt in the lyrics?
Need help with a marketing assignment?
in the video games an aniumated series of Street Fighter did Bison do anything heroic ?
POLL: How sexy is a deep voice?
Have you ever had to move to a new country?
Can someone explain the ending to Battlestar Galactica? I'm a bit lost?
Poll: What have you noticed usually brings a man to Tears?
Are Marvel copyrighted?
Is Pandora free? Or do we have to pay monthly?
Special Request (Romance movies) ?
Are you flash? But without the cash or the stash?
Do Aquarius and Gemini make good friends?
Which movies of these is better and WHY?
Does my natal chart show any \vulnerabilities\ to any mental disorder (s)?
why ae some people answering my questions are so foolish?
Do you think Star wars should get the Star trek treatment ?
so people say I have a good singing voice. but?
Do I have to watch Supernatural from the very first episode?
do you think actor chevy chase is a pervert?
Are there people who are unnecessarily pressing like and dislike on your answers?
Is Gary Dell' Abate the missing link?
last night i ate cornflakes in water now i have lose motions what shoul i doow i havelose motions?
Which Zodiac Sign is difference from Cancer?
Downton Abbey - is this proof that Daisy and William never had sex?
Can Spidey shoot web from his wrists or a machine?
Is Brighton a good choice for the summer?
Poll: Has you opinion on Marijuana changed in the past 10 years?
Epson salt just sinks to bottom.?
Meeting a well known singer today; would you be nervous?
Girls and Boybands?? Opinions?
what is the first letter in english alphabet?
how to better my skills on the mic?
Can Leonardo Di Caprio win his first academy award for best actor this year ?
How can I profit off of my mixtapes?
L'oreal ad? Can anyone tell me the name of this song?
Whats this song called?
What upcoming film can't you wait to see?
Do you have any suggestions for songs about loneliness and anger?
will my aquarius woman come back?
Would you be angry if your signifcant other cooked Hamburger Helper for you?
Are the Oscar voters sexually deprived old men?
Will my Sukra Dasha be beneficial and bring positive results?
What were the original theaters to show Star Wars during the original limited release in may 1977?
Poll: When Was The Last Time?
Where could I see them filming The Originals in New Orleans?
Would you move to Denver because marijuana is legal there?
if u were going to get marry , would u sign a prenup agreement, if your partner ask u? are u willing to asked?
What poetic effects does adele use in her song \make you feel my love\?
Are there any good punk rock bands from the 90's?
Did Orange is the new Black steal it's concept from the TV show Burn Notice Season 6?
Need some indie/urban song with strange sound, something very special?
Have you ever lost a friend or family member at ikea?
My last Ellen Degeneres Question!?
Best modern surf rock?
Why is Air TV anime so hard to find?
Should I see paranormal activity 4 before I see the new one?
Revenge fans..Who's your favorite character?
anyone know the name of this song?
POLL: Are you looking forward to getting old? wrinkles and all?
Can I sing? At All? Honest answers?
POLL: what happens if you fail a class?
What is your favourite Only Fools and Horses episode?
What is 'Y&R'??????
From what country do u ask questions ?
snapchat renaming someone?
Did you ever feel like you were the one?
poll: HELP ME PLEASE HOW DO YOU MAKE HOMEWORK a little less work?
Why does Flo from Progressive wear an apron?
Office poll - Male boss or female boss...? who is better in handling employee's ....?
Do you think my dog is being treated good or should he have more?
Do Australian men like wearing beards?
Why is NCIS tvs #1 show?
Are you excited for jurassic park 4?
POLL: what does excessive amount of homework mean?
how do i get curves like sweetheartz the rapper naturally?
Im about to be 28 and cant help but to feel sooo old. Anyone else born in 1986? How do you feel?
Why do some guys wear sunglasses inside of building and think they look cool?
How can I get more people interested in my daily bathroom vlog?
Why did they ruin Smaug's appearence in The Hobbit The Desolation Of Smaug?
Is there any chance that a romanian to find a job as a truck driver in United States?
Does anyone sleep on the sofa instead of the bed?
What's something that makes you better than me?
poll: WHY DO PEOPLE hate homework?
SURVEY : Whats the purpose of having a google account?
Why is it so hard to find free e-books on the internet?
Where is the most interesting/fun place that you've ever been on holiday/vacation?
have you ever heard this song?
POLL: HOW DO YOU MAKE HOMEWORK LESSSSSSSSSS WORK?
(10 pnts)Does anyone know this song?
POLL: do teachers give out hoomework to annoy us?
What will upset you more: losing phone or losing wallet/purse?
can anybody recommend me with some animated series that do not contain inappropriate scenes, ecchi,yuri,?
POLL: Would you say you're living in the here and now?
Is this a lot of people to sleep with at 22 for a boy/girl? Whats your age & number of partners?
? ? ? do you like your life ? ? ??
POLL: why do i have to go back to school?
BEST Androi phone under 14000?
Does Uranus retrograde make you a rebel?
Does It Matter Who You Fall In Love With?
Boys , please answer this?
Tell me a sad story using 5 words?
Do you lose the headings for \Top Answerers\ when you refresh the page?
What are some movie scenes with scary, monstrous screams/shrieks?
what do you think of the spng 'happy' by pharrell Williams?
What are your favorite fanfiction stories about?
Cancer guy w Moon in Aries - chaser or does he need to be chased? I am a Gemini w Moon in Aries?
Can you recommend me some VAMPIRE ROMANCE manga or anime like... -> (pls read additional details)?
How many Pillows do you sleep with?
True or False: There are no shortcuts to any place worth going?
Name your first crush !?
Can you please name all the anime in this music video?
what other bands did the members of supertramp play with before they joined?
why isnt tom hanks on the oscars list for captain Phillips?
would you live in the wild?
How have cartoons changed the world?
What is the B95.5 WYJB Words & Trivia for 1/16/14?
Ruby vs Wiess who would win? (RWBY)?
What makes a friend real?
Top 5 countries or places that have lowest crime rate?
POLL: What would you say if I told you?
Pokemon Trivia Questions.?
Need some easy listening music in the gym?
Have you ever had a spit fight?
PoLL: When is the last time you personally spat on someone?
POLL which is Better...Chinese Buffet?
If you could only choose one which would you like more of?
Is it wrong or is it right ?
Do you ever drive somewhere even though you have nowhere to go?
Do you share your toys with anyone ?
How I met your mother!?
What is your favorite band from the 70's?
Sun, Mercury & Saturn in Pisces all in House 3?
Name of movie John candy was alone with his thought?
Will you come see me Thursdays and Saturdays?
why the English language is so deformed and egocentric in comparison to latin language?
Poll - dont you hate it when you're in the kitchen and people cook stinky food?
Would you like to be someone who doesn't care what day of the week it is?
Is it possible I'm a tenor without my upper range?
What anime are these from ?
Can anyone tell me what movie these aliens come from?
whats your favorite song?
What is the film Upstream Color about?
Would you help your best friend practice, if they wanted to turn gay?
Any amazing piano/keyboard pieces?
When is the last time you went on a date?
need songs of the given type.?
Are you telling the truth if you lie in bed?
Are you very good at being bad ?
Do you donate to feed the world programs or um clothe the world programs?
13.05.1984 and time 11:20am place anandpur sahib , is there any chance to settle abroad ? If yes when ..?
Do you think Cartoon Network App is Stupid?
Are you pro-choice, or pro-life (more like pro-control)?
Where can I watch Romeo's Blue Skies?
What song is this? name?
Feeling sick after watching movie?
How to be like the freaks on Freaks and Geeks?
Why is multilingualism a discipline that is studied in universities?
What are some small rock record labels in San Antonio, Texas?
Did clint eastwood ever say in one of his movies \i'm clint eastwood punk\?
RHH: Who's your favourite young rapper?
I need help with the perfect song for my situation?
I am not hungry, but it's dinner time, should I eat something?
Poll: How tall are you?
If I kicked the bucket tonight...........?
What is your favorite Vice documentary?
polls about music genres?
Girls honestly, do you notice attractive guys and appreciate them in your mind without showing it?
How to write a song // help please?
Why does Daniella Monet only use her middle name on TV?
Why aren't people arrested for not wearing pants on subways in America?
I cant find this movie!?
Aries sun, pisces moon, scorpio rising?
Do you like the number 18 or 5?
Guys, do you wear Old Spice?
bob dylan did he write?
why USA is not good for the world?
Poll - Do you like to play . . . . . . .?
Is it a red flag if a Man tells you to \Stop being such a girl\?
What's your favorite Lamb of god song that's not Laid to rest, Walk with me in hell or Ruin?
Have you ever been \pantsed\ before?
why the world power of this planet is not good for world peace?
Poll (10 points -ooohh) - Oldest clothing item you still wear?
Where is better to work as a truck driver : Italy or Germany?
Is Digital Spy Safe To Sign Up To?
Whats an unusual band name?
isn't nice to share with your pup ????????????????
I want to watch Doctor Who, would I have to watch from the beginning?
Poll - do you think love is forever?
When your questions need attention do you ignore them or give them a hug?
How should i dress for a rock concert?
Justin Bieber has been accused of egging his neighbors house and an?
What prints do you like to get on your mug?
whats this little guy thinking about ???????????
whats this cat thinking ??????????????
share music, like this one?
what is the name of this movie?
is this a cool looking helmet ??????????
Just turned 20 this month.. are you 20?
A sheep was in the field and it just vanished?
Can't think of the song!?
in your country there are Yahoo Answers?
do you have too much love running through your veins going to waste?
In Buddy Complex, do you think Aoba and Dio are related?
was he hungry ???????????????
How much money would you spend on your daughters birthday?
Shouldn't \Shingeki no Kyojin\ be called \Attack of the Titans\ in English?
Poll - Recommend a movie (10 points - OOoooohhh)?
Imagine you are in a room, no doors windows or anything, how do you get out?
How would the full moon affect me as a taurus with a cancer extended cusp? I was born on may 20.?
Poll - Are you more beautiful on the inside or the outside?
Whats the instrumental in the movie get rich or die tryin during the joy Bryant sex scene after 50 is shot?
Bono is singing \van Diemen's land\ (Rattle and Hum)?
blooywood movie dedh ishquiya dialogue....?
Any Johnny Depp fans? why do you like him so much?
where is this guy today?
What are your favourite songs?
Kid Ink, Wiz Khalifa or Lil Wayne?
Is Spongebob really ending later this month?
What should be my first rap song about?
didn't law and order first aired in 1989 with roy thiness?
Do you think that Alex Jones will get killed one day?
Why do people say u shouldn't buy a dog if u don't know if you can afford to care for it Yet people?
INXS fans: that you like the \full moon & dirty hearts\?
Poll - What music do you like to listen to . . . . . . .?
Would you eat at the Heart Attack Grill in Las Vegas?
The chase ITV questions audtions?
What's the current temperature of where you live?
Is Smoke on the Water the best known guitar riff of all time?
Are grapes a fruit or a berry?
Survey: What songs do you generally practice acapellas on ?
Where can I find good house music?
will it be a big deal if everyone knows about Clark's secret in smallville?
Do you think that governments lie to you?
what are all the episodes of BONES. when booth protects bones.?
Will there ever come a day when Sasquatch turns himself into the local authorities?
Is it safe for one to eat prunes found in a plastic zip-lock bag?
How does a personality become stronger ?
POLL: Cute moments with your crush?
What do you do when you have a fever? :(?
Are women a bit overly sensitive?
From which season/episode should I start watching Doctor Who?
Which is your favourite alcoholic drink ?
Spearmint or Peppermint?
Poll: Do you have a diary?
Can somebody explain my natal chart? (Clueless heree)?
poll: have you ever been blocked for no reason?
Is wing pegasus powerful?
Poll: Who is the clown of the town?
Spice and Wolf Novels VS Anime?
Girls, what would you say to a 6-year old boy if?
Do you like playing golf?
what kind of guitar style is this?
Do young people even know who Steve McQueen is?
SURVEY : Why is michelle Obama called the first lady?
What's a food that doesn't fill, but leaves one more hungry ?
Poll: Would you keep feeding a stray dog if U know hes just gonna crap on your lawn?
What do you think of these lyrics?
For optimal health, how often should a person rock out to Journey?
Has Dennis Rodman found his soul mate in Kim Jong-un?
Anyone who's seen Dogtooth?
How many emails do you have in your yahoo spam folder at the moment.?
Eating healthy is difficult - true or false ?
Did he mean this is real love or sister love?
I didn't go bowling in a long time?
What time during the day would you say is most boring?
Music in Great Gastby - Classical Music?
Are there any magazines that have bands and band posters in them?
what was the reason Oli sykes went vegan?
CBB - Will Jasmine come to Lee's eviction, or has she flown home already?
Do you think lorde is right about the comments she has made about selena gomez and taylor swift and Katy Perry?
What to write on a custom guitar pick for my boyfriend? Any good website suggestions to order from?
Studying late hours - yes or no ?
i cheated on my aries boyfriend?
Why are cartoons and other shows nowadays so bad?
The pharmacist overcharged me for my prescription. Was this a drug deal gone bad?
how can you view the movies on netflix?
Like me did you find the Wolf of Wall Street to be tame and boring? Not enough sex, drugs and violence?
If you try to fail, and succeed, which have you done?
cool movies about ancient GREECE?
do you have preferred that America and Asia had not been colonized?
Why do some people hate Jennifer Lopez?
Does Ezra actually like Aria?
In adult videos, why do the actors and actresses make love so hard and rough?
Do you wish more girls would take other role models than Marilyn Monroe, Kim Kardashian and Paris Hilton ?
Why does everyone dump on Mel Gibson?
Which is most annoying fanbase for musician in the world?
BOYS: why did he do so?
what is the song name in the Layerr hair gel ad?
Do i need to worried a lot?
People cancelled 90's cartoon shows because too much money?
so now in the 21 century, are agree with destruction of cultures and generate famine?
Bold and Beautiful WATCH?
RHH: Rec some east coast boom bap?
Poll:: What would you say as 'just girly things'?
Do you find it hard to understand your own handwriting? :P?
Do guys actually think this way?
Any good song to sing in an Indian Wedding? (English or Hindi)?
Are you good at hanging out with friends?
Where to buy Fast and Furious movies in stores?
On a scale of 1-10, what would you rate how others rate you?
How to record my singing so it sounds good?
Time of marriage..i wanna know?
Are you good at having conversations?
Why is Handel's Water Music often coupled with his Music for the Royal Fireworks?
Do you believe that finally Leonardo DiCaprio will win an Oscar?
I search for good Mangas?
when someone is so talkative and too noisy what does that mean?
When you see girls hanging out do you think of Nymphs from greek mythology too?
What is the name of that t.v. Show about the Indian?
HOW TO GET THIS soundtrack?
Can you give me a link to download naruto shippudden 345?
what are you hiding from? :O?
ULTRA MUSIC FESTIVAL 2014?
Okay, who else thinks that Albert Lee & Danny Gatton are 2 of the most underrated guitarists ever?
Which song is the most special to you?
Heavens emerge in nature's dance, numbers are born in the wheel of chance....?
I don't like my breasts...?
Poll: If you lived in a dumpster, would you hire an interior decorator?
How Is My Singing?(Video Link Attached)?
What should i do? Do you think they could fond me? Or they will use my deatails?
How can you be a uncle and a grandpa!?
Given the choice, which country in the world would you like to live in?
What do you believe in..?
If there is a man who is blind deaf and uneducated, how do you tell him tomorrow is Sunday?
Are you steaming hot or freezing cold ?
so now in the 21st century, are in agreement with the colonization and attack the ancient cultures?
This may sound dumb, but who was the one to go SSJ2 first: Goku or Gohan?
Myths about leftside of the body?
Need a new romantic Anime like Heavens lost property.?
How to improve my piano techniques just by self taught?
how is my drawing...is it any good?
What is the scariest movie alien you've ever seen?
what is the name of this actress?
Hindi songs on karaoke?
Which house is Saturn transiting in your natal chart?
Who sings the country song with the lyrics \chew tobacca, spit\?
What is your past favorite song?
how make music on your computer please PLz?
Do you ever find comfort in being surrounded by strangers?
Would Yahoo do anything about report trolling, if it did not save them millions in free labor?
What is your favorite Nirvana song? Why?
Who remembers the 3 meat items in the Oscar Mayer variety pack in the late 60's early 70's?
Who would win in a fight: the Thing or the Blob?
Good names for a Furby Boom ?!? xx?
Need a new romantic anime..?
effects of Moon mahadasha?
i don't understand the movie captain phillips?
Poll: What is the point of Twitter and Instagram?
Funny mean dissing songs about a guy Asian?
ON Y&R so it was Hunter King that got Micheal Muhney fired from the show ?
Why is watching television programming not a good idea?
Are there any people who would take a bullet for a secret service agent?
Which movie should I watch with my invisible friends and enemies?
do you can adapt to waking in other healthy body and healthy?
Which movie should I watch with my invisible friends?
True/False: no one can be made better-off without someone else being made worse-off...?
Poll: Are you the sort of person who....?
Where can i read Manga free in german?
\Horizon in The Middle of Nowhere\ What does \judge\ mean?
BOYS: would you appreciate such friendship and such a friend?
My dob 19.12.1986 nd I luv a boy santosh srivastava dob 1.1.1986 will we be compatible for marrg.?
What is the title of this Dance movie?
do you can adapt to a place where the streets are dirt and the houses of lower class?
music/bands that i would like?
What is the most frequent lie told on the internet?
Childish gambino vs kid ink?
Which of these brand of guitars is good - Filbert or Pluto? I'm a new learner. My budget is around Rs.6000?
What do you think of humans?
Girls, would you date him? He's a college professor, nerdy and looks like Chandler Tatum from Magic Mike?
Can you guess my star sign? Picture included?
Does anyone know some good Lithuanian bands?
What is a song during Australian Open highlight on Eurosport?
Suggest some good bollywood movie review sites....?
Want to meet my fav actor?
Why do cell phones have enough battery to tell us \Low Battery\?
Would u rather be an Avatar or own the Omnitrix?
Hello, I'm new here! Where's the welcoming committee?
Does an Aries man like shy, innocent girls or girls who are confident and outgoing?
Which actress is best at what she does?
is there any good romance manga that don't end sad or confusing.?
Which is the best fasting day for happy, peaceful married and family life?
Can any one tell me what tia cha is i?
Anime about teenagers controlling robots which are animal-themed?
Anime about teenagers controlling robots which are animal-themed?
What's the difference between the man I killed and the the things they carried?
Could someone tell to me what Synastry aspects would someone attracted to someone automatically?
Did you skip taking a bath any day this winter season because of the extreme cold weather?
Poll: Will I get any points?
Does coffee keep you busy all day?
Is Carol Jackson in Eastenders leaving .... where are they going to take THIS?
Poll: what would you do to help your friend get over his or her ex?
what is love can you answered?
Are Harry Styles and Kendall Jenner dating?
How would you feel if you aced a final exam and found out the score was 0?
list all the movies that you love and than i will vote you the best list of movies ever?
Poll- is your daddy a rich guy?
A burger cost $1 but a salad is $5?
If you start getting random violations...?
in your own standard, what does it take to be your man/woman ?
songs for a vocal mashup?
Why can't I sing when I turn off the vocal?
What Do You Think Of The Royal?
How would you characterize the TV show Californication?
What is this movie about your other selves?
Why is it so hard to make cereal?
What Do You Think Of The Royal?
What do you think, you are always right?
good shojou manga , please?
What type of food you want served at your furneral?
SURVEY : Why do people try to turn you down when you're successful?
Any \action\ music on violin?
Poll- Are you suffering from any form of illness right now?
Naruto shippuden manga ends 2014?
Kenshin live action film?
Poll: Don't you hate it when people....?
SURVEY : What do you think I should make for breakfast?
What's the most amount of money you had?
Similar songs to \I Will Wait For You\ by Us?
which do you prefer when eating out..?
What do you have hanging in your room?
What is something you buy alot?
Survey: What does this actually mean?
How old were you when you first tried to find...?
whats your favorite music ?
Is this Jim Morrison or is it Val Kilmer as JIm Morrison in the poster? (Link below)?
Where or how do you get your music from?
What food are you in the mood for?
Wolverine's Teeth got Adamantium coated?
True/false:Suffering is temporary?
I made my own song I need to know why?
Have you ever crossed the boss?
If today was the last day of your life....?
Solve this it is very simple!!?
If today was the last day of your life....?
Solve this it is very simple!!?
Could you go a year without buying new clothes?
Poll: Are the haters gon' hate or the plays gon' play?
Funny lip sync duet song ideas?? HELP?
Do you have a personality trait most people wouldn't notice from first impressions?
name any movie pr serial in which there is a pinching punishment?
How music can touch lives?
Poll: Are you a flirt......?
Are dual audio videos substantially larger than the same video with a single audio track?
What do u call a person who puts poison in your cornflakes?
When people with dentures use artificial sweetener, do they have fake cavities?
Did novemer rain solo on acoustic. how is it?
Can someone give me an analyses of the opening sequence to Dexter?
Yes or no, do you like FedEx?
To be feared or to be loved?
what is something you would give up for a week?
Suggestions on songs that I can sing?
Do you like this new song?
If you had a friend who speaks the same way you speak to yourself....?
POLL: Do you think parents should charge their children rent if they are adults and still living with them?
Can any 1 tel me what is mahabhagya yog?
Yes or no, do you wear a watch?
Poll: Add the color of your pants with the last thing you ate...?
Would you date this man if you're 20's?
What are the best wireless in ear monitors i can buy between £200-£300?
please reccomend some songs to me?
Poll: Would a 34-year-old?
What does this part of sway by blue october mean?
Pleeeeeease do my survey (Uk only)?
Do you think some people take gaming too seriously?
I am looking for a movie?
Do you like the smell of fresh laundry? :D?
what are the WAXX wors for 1/16/14?
advantage of looking like megan fox ....but is it really any good for my career?? please help?/?
Would a Leo want to date a Taurus or Aquarius?
If bf kicks gf back,& feeling sorry says,\sorry,hehe,i was kidding for make you laugh\?
How to switch from normal chord to barre chord faster?
Plz ..tell me site for listening online mp3 music?
Why do many people think amitabh wears a wig?
Are you in a different field than what you went to college for?...?
Should Junk food be taxed and the revenue raised go towards paying for the health service?
Has anyone ever watched steins; gate?
FIRST TIME GOING TO WARPED TOUR'14 :D?
What would you say if I told you?
Need help finding a movie?
Why do some people say Amurica?
Name of this song i heard?
Poll:What are your best american sitcoms?
What is your fav song from U2?
What is your fav song from U2?
Poll: is 2014 going by fast or slow for you so far?
CBB - Do you think Luisa cries an awful lot for someone who doesn't care what people think?
What are the best american sitcoms?
Come up with Yo mama jokes you know?
What are some movies like Spirited away and My neighbour totoro?
Poll: True/False????????
If ur one wish was to be granted what would it be ?
im trying to find an old anime series similar to battleteh?
What's the difference between tabs and chords?
Have you ever been in a movie?
almost uo for a upgrade on my phone which phone should i get?
Apple customer care is saying if i used headphones other than apple in iphone?
Who is YOUR FAVORITE in Doctor Who?
Any gud yoga in dis kundli? plz tel me?
your thoughts on a quiet person who doesnt engage in conversation and smiles?
Which songs do you like from these...?
what should i do im in such a mood?
when will i get married?
a couple of questions about music taste?
Where can I find a VHS original of the Japanese film \Muzan-e\?
What is the opening song in the movie Sunshine Christmas?
Poll: Gmail or ymail????????
Which is the most powerful country in the world?
Is there a site/book where I can read most of Marvel/DC comics?
Old Movie which i did't remember name!?
Have you noticed how rock bands are going extinct?
Help! Costume ideas needed! Hero/Villain/Male?
Is The Usual Suspects a crime or a thriller?
Naruto shippudden 345 available today?
can you define creole?
If guys started to think like girls, what kind of changes would we see..?
can you define cerole?
Any great indie films???
What is the longest word in the dictionary that you know, and do not have to look up the meaning for.?
What's the best genre of music?
What would you NOT want to hear over the loudspeaker on an airplane?
240*320 resolution mobile games...? Intresting games ?? plz hlp me out ?
What's better motivation, a pat on the back or a kick in the @ss?
Can you answer this question??
All of my life, where have you been?
cute romance/fantasy animes?
What where the movies that got nominated for being the worst of 2013?
what is the most awkward situation you have been in?
Inuyasha Ending was Spoiled (no spoilers included)?
What's this called in manga/anime?
Looking for a certain Samurai movie?
If ur one wish was to be granted what would it be ?
Help finding name of song...'Get up'.?
do you like my acoustic reggae version of The Monster (Rihana ft Eminem)?
What is your biggest criticism of the opposite sex?
Has anyone heard any news about the upcoming Halloween III?
What do you think about?
Where to download fairy tail anime? I need it all together, not individual.?
Is the road not taken under construction and full of potholes?
RIDDLE. I am one of its kind. No less, no more. What am I?
Can you recognise this iconic album cover? #5?
Who is shrapnel in arrow comic series?
where is sarah connor?
What do you always have in your purse, no matter where you're going?
Tell me a good joke? Best answer 10 points?
what are you predicitions about Naruto?
When does the 56th Grammy Award Ceremony 2014 air in the UK and on what channel?
Favorite song by each R&B/Soul male artists?
Which actress do you think is Hotter?
If I look at someone's FB page will that person know I looked around?
How do you get over being disappointed by celebrity you once looked up to?
What is a food that's recognizable by its odor?
Do you trust ebay yes or no?
texas road house or cracker barrel? which do you like best?
advice an anime please?
Who is this guy? I believe he is from the 40's?
Where can you find spanish song instrumentals?
Holden on Pretty Little Liars?
Favorite song by each female artists?
Is it weird if I'm going to a concert alone?
Good ideas for a short movie?
Yesterday i saw a shooting star....?
What sign do you dislike and like the most?
Need help finding a song?
Why do students hate teachers ?
Which singer has changed the most?
Can a kpop group hold a concert even though they still didn't have their comeback?
What is your most favourite song these days ?
Do you know what this song might be called or who sings it?
what was the last thing you lost?
Who else thinks that Kovu from The Lion King II is Scorpio?
Why does some people's voice sound like they are talking through their nose?
whats your favourite perfume?
How is my pitch and range? Please critique my singing!?
How does a saggi view the world? Please elaborate saggis?
How effective do you think movies would be without any background music?
P?? ? : Purple Y!A or Green Y!A ?
What would your band name be? if you used the last thing you ate and the color of your pants?
Poll: Have you ever had braces?
Poll : ~Yes or No~ : Are you afraid of snakes?
What is your favourite f(x) song ?
Do you remember name of a movie about an '80s girl band?
What besides clothing, name something people wear every day?
Song name help please??
Song name help please??
After playing in the snow what do you drink to get warm?
Recommend my next anime!!!??!?
what are few simple cool tips you would like to give to modern youths?
Does anyone out there make New Year's Resolutions and keep them?
Should I get the girl I'm going on a date with tomorrow a candy bra?
What song in \The French Connection\ was sung by the Three Degrees?
what is that fun-thing in flying kites that you love doing it many times?
How many of you understands english songs without lyrics?
Is it a compliment when someone of the same gender hits on you?
Do people give you s*** for not liking something that is apparently the best thing ever?
What did you want to be when you were little?
Poll: I no longer look like a lesbian anymore ...?
What is something you can't stand about pop culture?
What is this song from Frozen?
Which song is stuck in your head right now?
Are hashtags the dumbest thing ever thought of?
Looking for a band from the early 2000s?
What are some good Sludge, Doom Metal bands?
Rate this lyric from 0-10 plz !?
Should country radio stations include Classic Country and Southern Gospel formats?
can you please let us know how do we book the tickets for the coronation street studio tour?
Can anyone please help me identify this song??..?
The desolation of smaug dates?
Do you have a best friend?
Nice movies in british accent?
I am really fed up of with this recruiters ,, ?
What is my nick name?
The Secret Life Of Walter Mitty Question (SPOILERS)?
have you ever been sorta mean to someone...but they kind of deserved it?
Movie and Musicals Party Ideas?
Poll: Xbox one or PS4?
Who is world's best belly dancer?
Do you Hate it when people ask u “do you drink?”?
What is the rudest behavior you've seen on a first date?
Have you ever been molested?
Do you ever wish you just had a second chance to meet someone again for the first time?
Poll:girls you are Girly girl or Tomboy?
What this crazy maze of the beautifull is all about ?!?
Anime Villains Organization or group help???
do you always spell wrong... wrong?
Is my love life doomed? (Birth Chart)?
Poll: Are you more attracted to athletic or artistic talent?
Are you a light or heavy sleeper?
When in your life have you needed an alibi?
Have you ever heard that song \Cat Scratch Fever\ by Ted Nugget?
which band had a music video of a road trip with stops along highway 11 in ontario?
What are you thoughts on suicide?
Hunter x Hunter 2011 Question??
Guitar got stepped on?
What are you thoughts on suicide?
Hunter x Hunter 2011 Question??
Guitar got stepped on?
lone survivor - Why didn't the seals just tie the kids and the old man up until they shot their target?
I'm looking for hardstyle without singing etc?
Poll: did a piece of music ever stop you from what you were doing..?
Which name u most like.... arnav or aditya or sahil?
where can I find youtube videos shown on \you have been warned - discovery channel\?
Predict married life and professional growth please - as per the birth details.?
whats that one simple word you can never spell?
How do I need to be prepared as a keyboardist looking to join a band?
Who's Getting Good To Sing The U.S. National Anthem: Kelly Clarkson Or Carrie Underwood?
Good morning - Does anyone know the trivia answers for 99.5 WRVE Albany NY and other stations 01.16.14?
Three planets in 7th house (sun, venus and uranus)?
Is it true that time catches up with everyone?
What free site is best to download Lovely Complex anime series?
Scotland tapestry Does anyone know what number panel is the one depicting Elvis at Prestwick airport?
'Don't Care' Poll how often do you go to sleep late...?
What do you think of these lyrics?
Are there any other musicians that have this problem?
Which anime or manga character do you identify with most?
What can I do when petrol comes up from the toilet?
Hi, all i want to know which yogas present in my kundali & about my career any one plz predict and inform.?
What do you think of this hilarious trailer for the new Muppets Movie?
How to get into the Rave scene (at a younger age?)?
From where i can watch all episodes of mind your language season 4.please tell me.i'll be waiting.thanks?
Which anime changed the way you view life?
does amitabh wear a wig?
When season 4 of mind your language will release.plz answer.thanks?
How can I reduce breast size almost to disappear without getting body hair and without any type of surgery?
True/False: Smartphones are more power-thirsty than the older phones..?
what does \mf\ mean in text talk?
Are there Aqua Nazis?
Do you know what my username is without looking it up?
From where i can watch all episodes of mind your language season 4.please tell me.i'll be waiting.thanks?
Who are your 10 favorite characters from The Wire?
Gold ki utpatti ksise hua?
Should I make a move? I think she's interested...?
If I told you to close your eyes and think of something happy what would you think about?
Who's more beautiful? Alek wek or Gabourey sidibe?
What is the Meaning Behind Your Screenname?
Restringing a Right-Handed Guitar for a Lefty?
Would you ever spy on your partner, if you suspected that they were cheating on you?
Would you rather eat the ch