Was 2013 the 4th warmest year @58.12f as N.O.A.A. claims or the 7th warmest @ 58.3f as N.A.S.A. claims?
Are Australian climate scientists in denial?
where can i buy this kind of mahcine?
How could sustainability be improved by reducing packaging?
Are global warmers not looking at reality?
why are Green Anaconda important?
How long does it take to adjust living in a cold snowy climate?
Who would be affected by a global water crisis?
Why do we have polar vortexes now?
Can I put empty Sriracha bottles in the recycling bin?
Does NASA and NOAA admit to a pause?
What day did the chemical spill in West Virginia occur?
What would happen if the Arctic became ice free?
Do we need alternative energy in near future.. What alternative energy actually is?
Should land be owned?
How many of these 85 people support AGW?
How to help the environment in the community?
If the temperature of the earths atmosphere?
if i was born in 1997 what year was i in 1st grade 1st grade year?
About earths energy balance?
What is the climate of Iceland? (The coldest & warmest expected temps, and average if possible) tyvm!?
Do you think I'll have school tomorrow?
Do people who believe in Global Warming also believe that you get to keep your doctor.?
Do people who think Global Warming is fake believe in other conspiracy theories?
Does shadow have a colour?
how many in here do you think are truly interested in this topic?
A question for Global Warmers?
A question for Global Warmers?
Why is the EPA unwilling to say if the globe is warming or not?
Is shingle on the beach more likely to be of an irregular size before or after sea defences?
At what stage are you?
Is Europe finally coming to its senses?
How come people who believe in global warming are big polluters?
Is science broken, according to cracked it is?
Are engineers most skeptical about global warming?
Regenerating technology in small vehicles?
If Niel Young really wants to change the world?
How come Global Warming has turned out to be Global Cooling?
Why did the U.S. have warming between 1909 and 1939?
Did you know that CO2 in the thermosphere?
How come Global Warming believers don't consider illegal aliens in their efforts?
is there a maximum point of heat that a certin fuel can produce?
What is a term for he average condition in an area?
So if you have rats in your house for a while then they have to get their period eventually so is there...?
Why have polythene bags replaced paper bags?
Just read there's gonna be a new little ice age.?
Is nuclear power plant the only energy solution for future?
What are the winters like in Calgary, Alberta?
Is It the Sun after all?
Is there climate change corruption?
What evidence do we have that CO2 is causing warming?
Climate Change In California?
Is there any evidence that could possibly counter the theory of Global Warming?
Is the fact about the government and Global Warming?
Is there Natural Attenuation in Global Warming?
Can you list any of the scientists that advocated for Global Cooling AND Global Warming?
Examples needed for Global Warming Speech?
Is Global Warming just a planned HOAX?
Global warming: getting colder around several countries?
Question about Climate Change and Global Warming?
how much energy can we generate by a homemade windmills?
What are some of the best self-sufficient heating and cooling systems? Have you built any? Your ideas pls!?
Does this help you visualize the Polar Vortex?
Which is more environmentally friendly option (there's more)?
Can you charge solar panels with phosphorous light?
How many of the climate models from 1990 predicted the 15 year flat lining of temperature increases we have?
does national geographic lie?
Where can i buy marijuana recreationally in Colorado?
What are your experiences with a rainwater harvesting system?
Information on two organisations that help the environment?
What car is the most fuel efficient and reliable to drive 500 miles daily?
What is Mankind's survival most threatened by--huge asteroids' strike,global warming or nuclear wars?
Are there any allowances for people on dla towards their energy bills (heating, electric)?
What's Better for Recycling Plastic Bags ?
What species of deer is this?
Does a single train journey produce less carbon dioxide than a higway ride on a small car with one passenger?
If Global Warming is a hoax, who stands to gain from it and how?
What do you think shall we do to defend ourselves from threats like this?
Can AGW cause Melbourne and NYC to go under water and no more Australian Open and US Open for tennis fans?
Prepared colloid sulphur in water.how?
What can I do to aware people of that place?
CRUDE TREND ON 17TH JAN 2014?
i have 50watt solar panel and 80amp battery, how much time would it take to charge?
What do i need to do as I feel I needed a break from this hectic life?
what is the global warming?
How come people don't realize Global Warming is another name for \Summer\?
If polar ice melts will we have more or less heat from the sun?
What do you think about this guy shooting an endangered black rhino?
What do you think about this guy shooting an endangered black rhino?
How did they get hydrogen for a zeppelin?
Is Smokey Bear still around?
How many users of the Global Warming section qualify as real Meteorologists?
How do Humans impact The climate be specific?
How many diploid cells are produced by mitosis?
How is global warming a bad thing?
Does the record heat prove global warming? Note: Sarcasm?
What's a good example of a food chain?
Does the EPA chief know if the planet has got warmer?
How do wind patterns change as a result of climate change?
Is global warming a back door to socialism?
Fuel Cell Technology?
Who knows whether any scientist has already calculated how many more years this planet will be livable?
how loss of wind energy resource would affect?
about how much money would i smpend on a solar panel if i want to run a 200w light for about 16hrs a day?
want to work with wildlife but suck at math.?
Going from diesel to petrol?
Do global warming alarmists support genocide?
Should I wear boots or tennis shoes while playing airsoft?
Is global warming actually happening? READ BELOW?
Should rural living be banned/Where humans only live in highly devolved cities to protect the Earth?
Global warming............?
Define energy mix in one sentence??
Can I recycle a 'ChapStick' container if there is a bit of lip balm left in the tube?
drug test is today been drinking water an peeing only smoked a joint about 3-4 weeks ago will I pass?
Can a system of magnets be used to create an energy-creating, perpetual motion flywheel, like a windmill?
I am unfamiliar with water contamination and wondering what I should know about this article?
It's been awhile since this type of question has been asked in the GW section.?
If Antarctica has oil, coal, gas... why not extract it from there?
How will driving a car less directly or indirectly reduce climate change issues?
How much would a single 5MW wind turbine cost to construct?
Dolphins are our friends?
Describe briefly the strtegies of conservation of biodiversity?
One of my students put a beehive in my car. How do I get it out?
what can i do to prevent global warming ? because some island in my country will sink?
how mass is converted into energy?
What is a beibishicho? I think I may have discovered a new species...?
How to be Popular in High School?
A lot of help needed I have no clue what to do.?
control measures of industrial waste?
Why didn't they just ask me and save a lot of money?
pls suggest me a conclusion for a project on solar energy?
Is this our climate sensitivity to CO2?
how are vacation homes helpful ?
quaga is a separate spices or a subspecies of zebra?
name for robo race in sanskrit?
So-Called \Climate Change\ and Terrorism?
So-called \Climate Change\...... and our children?
how does kinetic energy change to potential energy (urgent)?
What is sound energy?
Am I the only one to consider deforestation as even worse than any other environmental problem?
I've never see a change inTechnology?
I feel so ignored in my history class.. read description?
can a raccoon that's been dead for a month?
WHY DOES MY MOM HATE ME?
Question about electric bill in Mesa Az?
Anyone on the northern east coast?
Why isn't more use made of hydrogen?
What would falsify AGW?
What animals live in the canadian shield and why?
What would happen to the global fight against climate change if WW3 break out?
What can you tell me about 'layers' in the atmosphere?
How the 3 R’s can prolong petroleum supplies?
Tell me everything you know about typhoons?
Why are Electric cars better, in terms of oil? + points?
dose passive transport requires the cells own energy?
How does carbon in the atmosphere relate to climate change?
How can I find out where to pan for gold legally?
whats the uses of alcohol as a fuel and how does it help to reduce global warming?
i dont think can get high?
What's a brownfield site called if it's clean?
D'you have water charges in your country?Expensive?In Ireland we didn't,they're introducing them?
Why do people get emotional when they see Whales and Dolphin related topics on internet?
Environmental Senior Project for High School??
Meteorologists failed to predict a single hurricane right in 2013, so why should we trust them when they say?
In a food chain, which trophic level contains the greatest amount of energy?
What are some biological effects of climate change?
how to choose motor rating for electric car?
why is there conflict onto whether global warming is caused by human activity?
How can a peaceful and contained place be linked to the wider world?
Is Inconvenient Truth a bunch of bald faced lies?
Can someone make a bird fly at the camera?
Best ideas on rhino conservation?
Apart from Mahanagar Gas which are other players who provides pipe gas services?
in which cities mahanagar gas is available?
How can (noise) be environmentally polluting?
can i get an explanation on industrial pollutuion along with pollution?
Who's with me on this?
can peole tell which windmills are the bird safe slower ones just by looking at them?
being Canada produces 20% of the worlds clean drinking water. Are Canadians concerned about he massive tar san?
What should I do if I come across a dead bear?
Will the next ice age start within 2000yrs?
how do i get drunk without consuming alcohol?
What wildlife do you see in your neighbourhood...?
Please answer.....hunting question?
Are We Living In The Last Days?
How many animals used in research are protected under the Animal Welfare Act?
Aim and conclusion for change in locality?
Which do you think is more dangerous?
Want to be independent but cant keep employment?
Eucalyptus dalrympleana Mountain Gum.?
Why don't they desalinate sea water to provide fresh water to arid and drought affected areas?
Opinions on society these days? READ!?
I stepped on a spider, and don't know how to get its guts off my shoe please help!?
I am at my parent's caravan in a caravan park and it's so lame?
Is climate change specific on the place that pollutes the most?
How can you not be afraid of the dark?
How to clean maggots from bone?
what are the 5 different energy transfers?
How long does it take for a headstone to be added on a gravesite?
3 bad things about the climate?
the recycling process?
how does climate influence mass wasting? Also, intuitively, it would seem that rainy climates would be most s?
deforestation increases the greenhouse effect on earth because deforestation causes the atmosphere to contain?
The actual goal of the climatism is to liquidate democracy, freedom, and prosperity in the world?
Why are future tellers like Nostradamus and climate scientists so negative about it? Sure there'll be bad?
what is one thing a community can do to lower their emissions of carbon dioxide?
The ability of estrogens to effect certain cells?
When 2015 is over, will denialists still be saying that it has been 17 years without statistically significant?
Describe one management measure that can be used to conserve the biosphere?
What are the best ways to conserve solar energy?
Would you help greenpeace?
Need Help With Civilian Conservation Corps?
what do i need to drive an electric car, like what lessons?
what can my neighbours do about my loud music in the daytime?
Sky Rocketing Electric Bill?
Is this a valid climate projection comparison?
Does CAT have an engine which will use Sweet Light Crude oil for fuel?
how come half of the nonorganic oranges taste so bad but nonorganic orangejuice tastes ok?
Almost five years ago, the \pause\ was ten years long?
how does nuclear energy impact the environment?
Who's fed up with UK fuel being expensive like petrol?
What does thick smoke smell like?
For those who complain about extreme weather, what would they think after taking a trip to Venus and Mars?
What are your global surface temperature predictions for the next 15 years?
Did you realise that 40% of the Brits?
has the black rhino officially gone extinct?
Did dinosaur's die because of man made climate change?Didn't they eat enough Greenies? Was it natural?
leiomyoma with hyaline change?
The game is finally up for carboncrats, is the global warming hoax on it's last legs?
What are some of the endangered animals with any letter you choose?
what environmental hazards from hosing down cleaning solvent spills?
human induced disasters in India?
Does the National Scientific Academy?
Should I go to sleep?
So do we really kill our planet?
Do you think man made climate change is real?
In terms of energy, what is the difference between glucose and ATP?
Why are blue crabs expected to grow larger shells due to climate change?
Are you really an environmentalist?
Is reduced solar activity causing the non existent global warming pause.?
what are some suggestions to help out the food system?
Tips for first time smoking weed?
Tips for first time smoking weed?
use a battery as an example to explain the law of conservation of energy?
How does global warming effect the USA?
Where are paying recycle canters in Minnesota!?!?! PLEASE HELP!!?
is there fire in cells?
How is climate change connected/related to physics?
How is climate change connected with chemistry?
Is climate change driving cold snaps?
Why are Oregon people so nosy? Medford aka METHFORD?
When you're outside during daytime and look in a window, can you see in???? HELP?
examples of potential energy?
How is climate change connected with physics?
What species have suffered catastrophic consequences through AGW?
WHY Is This girl keep staring at me ( were both girls )?
do you need shots if your going to europe from america?
Has the climate change supporter the Sydney Morning Herald?
In which case will electric current be induced in a coil of wire?
Is anyone doing a giveaway?
What is so bad about fracking? (Not a typo!)?
What is the law of conservation of energy?
Solar electric go kart help?
Is recycling bad for the environment?
What did Albert Einstein say about global warming?
How to get more Responses for My Survey on Global Warming ?
How can we reduce the damage causded by the Long Haul travel and Climate Change?
Are you suppose to recycle clothing?
how to stay safe in a heatwave?
HELP!!!! I GOT STRING STUCK IN MY VAGINA! IM BEING SERIOUS!!! HELP!!!!!!!!!!!!!! WHAT CAN I DO?
Are these lows extra-tropical?
Who are some critics and supporters of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change?
Why do so many environmentalists get upset when you assume that they don't care about people?
how much are aluminum cans worth in lubbock texas?
What if the planet had 15 billion people in it because people just kept on breeding? would you be worried?
Moving to Austin, TX. Suggestions please?
What are species of rickettsia?
So far, who has had a better rate of correctly foretelling the future? Nostradamus or IPCC?
What happens if I don't put the trash cans out before the garbage truck arrives?
How should I represent my science project about solar energy?
What can I do with the bag of cotton with pine needles?
What were the COD and Nh3-n Total volumes in the US for 2012?
If all of the Methane Hydrate in the Arctic and the Northern Tundras were to be suddenly released , ??
What feels better sex or recycling?
How can we use freshwater more sustainably?
Has mankind ever contributed anything positive to the environment?
im turning 17 and i havent got an growth spurts yet will i grow?
Where does the potential energy in the streched come from?
I'm kind of an armature guitarist and am looking for a good electric.?
identifying a spider, poisonous or not ?
Do you know you can get energy (electricity) from the air around you for free using FREE ENERGY DEVICES?
can today's levels of Biodiversity on easter island be explained in terms of complexity and disturbance?
What are 5 good reasons that these cannot coexist?
What happened to CAGW climate change?
what is the name of the type of energy you have that can no longer be used as kinetic or potential energy?
what type of enery is the energy of motion?
what type of energy results from something being stretched or compressed?
Is it amazing how the EPA also has cars NOT sold in the U.S.?
Does \global warming\ cause hemorrhoids ?
If it's next to impossible to even fight climate change, how can man ever terraform Mars?
what are advantages of producing biodiesel from algae compared to producing it from rapeseed oil.?
What type of scientists is our government and the U.N. hiring to combat global warming?
what factors could have affected the climate of toronto from 1840 to now?
Do we really want AGW cultists screwing with the global environment trying to \fix\ it?
Is there a theory on the idea that all things have a limit?
Why did the reintroduction of wolves to Yellowstone park cause coyote populations to decrease?
what is the price per pound for cooper?
What are the consequences of Global Warming on Canada?
which beverage has the most nutrients?
Inexpensive heater that doesn't waste to much energy?
How many predictions have alarmists got right on AGW?
Where in the southern hemisphere would you find a climate like Canada's?
Is energy has a mass? Or energy can be converted in to mass?
How do they drain lakes? And where does the water go?
what are minors doing to the rainforest?
Energy Portfolio definition?
solutions to food crisis in Ghana?
If greenies are so smart, how come they can't come up with a better power plant?
Is global warming a reality ? or a fiction ?
You guys got any idea where i can find more wallpapers like these?
What does high bottom relief mean?
What did I just hit with my car?
IS CHEMICAL ENERGY KENETIC OR POTENTIAL?
why do people keep having negative thoughts in future generations/environment?
How can we reduce the threat of flooding?
what is the energy value of groundnut ?
Renewable Energy Survey?
How do you tell good from bad scientific sources, GW?
Whats wrong with the level of fuel?
How many species of zebras are there in world?
Do energy braclets really work? My coworker told me to see for myself before buying one?
Mitigation mechanisms to reduce the effects of climatic changes in South Africa?
What exactly would I need for this to work? (solar power)?
spitting law in india?
Can my Electric RC Buggy go in small puddles, mud, snow, ice, anything that is wet?
Wahat are some good recycling and green blogs on Tumblr?
!!!!!!Global warming is a myth!!!!!?
why do you idiots think global warming isn't real?
Do you have what it takes to be a hero?
Do you have what it takes to save the world?
Ravens carrying messages?
Is it possible that the 1976-1998 warming?
Antarctic ice may hit highest minimum ever where's?
How can reducing dairy in your diet directly or indirectly reduce climate change?
Are daylight bulbs more energy consuming?
Do yellowhammers sing on the wing?
dye pack and fingerprints?
How would thicker insulation increase the energy efficiency in a home?
Melting plastic bottles?
Are the skiers going uphill or downhill this year?
Why is Global warming considered to be a myth by some people?
I really want to start bushcraft! Please help!!!?
Why don't we farm whales?
CNG conversation !! IS IT WORTHY @Petrol Engines ?
Why do people think there is global cooling when each year is getting warmer?
What will 45 watt solar panels power?
Mice..........HELP !!!!!!?
Tell me about global worming propaganda?
Rate for OFF PEAK Hours Electricity in Rhode Island in 2014?
How safe is our water supply from contamination?
How have polders and dikes altered the environment?
Where are all those alternatives to the status quo? A.k.a that's the production of 60 Hz energy?
How are animals in the United States effected by global warming?
what are you grateful for today? i am grateful i am in a warm house an food to eat?
Will drinking a lot of water before smoking weed make you cough?
Does the lack of a record warm year mean anything?
Evidence that disproves Human - Caused Climate Change?
My mom was driving in the dark last night and she think something happened?
Cm^3 energy power needs?
Why do climate scientists use plant stomata to estimate past CO2 levels? Even kids know plants close most of?
Climate change and nature?
can you die in a heatwave?
make a list of things you do evey day that affect the environment?
Energy demand in the UK?
ALL animals need this gas to make energy from food?
Climate change How do we know?
climate change supporters always bug out when I mention geo-engineering why so.?
What does it mean to you to be a southern girl?
I'm freaking out!!! Mini centipede thing!!?
How many geothermal power plant in India?
where is saola antelope living?
Why do people hate New York, and love NYC?
Has there ever been so much money wasted on anything as idiotic as the non falsifiable AGW theory?
Is Global warming's ship of fools?
When will Bill McKibben rename 350.org to 450.org?
Living independantly in the wilderness?
Australia solar power prices?
Is this severe weather?
Should we bring science to climate policy?
What are some native plants of Idaho?
How did Cannabis grow wildly before Humans?
Does anyone notice that we have had a REAL environmental catastrophe in West Virginia and there is?
There are some 100,000 giga tons of fossil fuels left, and the ocean can store some 100,000 giga tons of CO2,?
Where will replacement trees be planted for the nature reserves that are built on?
How much carbon can the oceans store?
What initiative would scientists have to fabricate or exaggerate climate change or global warming?
What are some problems with the intergovernmental panel on climate change?
what to do when your angry at a grade you got?
Why is Burren almost treeless??
Is there an increase in weather extremes?
I want to go to Italy. How would the climate effect asthma and allergies?
What are some things AGW does and doesn't predict?
Can someone help of with question Work,energy and power?
How can I keep the house cool in the coming heatwave (in Australia)?
Don't worry about Global Warming, worry about your water?
Afew question about CFL bulbs and banning incandecent light bulbs?
Is the Consensus Gone??
What could cause an uptick in electricity use this year compared to last year?
Science Question (Energy)?
I need to find a website. Help?
Effects of climate on building parts?
why do people want to save endangered species??
Do people care on deforestation of old growth in British Colombia Canada? ?
Do different people see different colours differently?
Were there experts that predicted the raining of bats in Australia?
If I want to do something with the study of climate change, what majors should I be looking at?
Holdren wants us to believe that warming causes cooling, how many problems can you spot in his explanation?
How deep into the ocean can a person go?
Because our population will soon be at 7 billion people...?
What is the time right now?
Water vapor and carbon dioxide are greenhouse gases, but N2 and O2 are not.?
Can I get instructions in making a hydrogen generator...please?
Why are people so worried about \Global Warming\?
Does indoor heating effect our environment?
putting cooking oil in pop or beer cans or plastic jars is ok, but you are supposed to put cans and jars in th?
Top colleges or Masters Programs in Environmental Sector?
M.I.T. research revealing ocean secrets about CO2's significance to all of life?
Do solar panels still work when covered in snow?
what animals eat olives?
everything was yellow...?
What are some Climate Changes in 2013?
Antarctic ice is this a flagrant lie?
Where can I find good information about global-warming ?
Do wind turbines work well close to the sea?
How does CO2 warm the planet?
cfl energy star light bulb?
What is the warmest place furthest north or south?
Is the IPCC in disarray?
Why is it so cold when global warming is suppose to be happening!?
Why is Global Warming even a threat?
How does global warming affect ecosystems for whales and squid.?
What takes more energy, lifting 1 100 pound box or lifting 100 1 pound boxes?
What are ice pellets?
when was the last time prior to?
Global warming and global cooling?
what problems are people facing because of the absence of resources in different regions?
how many degrees warmer is bolivia then columbia?
how many times can paper be recycled?
Does a magical dragon deliver presents to Jewish kids on Hanukkah ?
How come the fed. govt. is so worried about Global Warming and not water contamination?
Is now the lunar vortex coming?
The biggest HOAX in the history of mankind?
If a Man Made Global Warming expert like obama says it causes Polar Vortexs, does that make it true?
Temperatures in US turned colder than MARS.. is something big going to happen in the comming years.?
Parts of US turned colder than MARS...do u belive something very big is going to happen in the comming years?
i just broke up with my gf im 14?
Green Architecture. (Green Wall & Green Roof.)?
is nuclear energy sure?
Getting wisdom teeth out tomorrow. I took penicillin today twice 6 hours apart. Is that okay?
I have a fear of electricity?
what is the energy process of states of matter?
Is AGW or CAGW based on conjecture, ignorance, intelligence, or the general public's general stupidity?
things to look out for when bushwalking?
If ozone is lighter than carbon dioxide, why ozone is at upper strata and CO2 is near the ground?
How does climate science \peer-review\ past climate observances?
Dat very hurt my feering?
What are current community initiatives that could effect ecological footprint?
Why did we shoot the lion?
how does malaria have a conection with ecology?
How are the Global Warmers ever going to make it out of the forest?
How many species of owls are endangered?
Can we deduce CO2 sensitivity from holocene records?
books on herbs, poultices etc.?
Can a game warden be colorblind?
What are the pros and cons of NO global warming in Honolulu, HI?
do energy saving lightbulbs effect our body clock seeing as they are white light like the sun?
do energy saving lightbulbs effect our body clock seeing that they are white light like the sun?
Can anybody buy the material to build a solar panel and would it be expensive for the material?
In what way did the climate in Central Asia contribute to the shrinking of the Aral Sea ?
What impact do Russia's size and extreame climate have on its use of natural resources ?
What's your favorite animal and (why)?
California drought... What uses less water?
At what point is a \scientist\ compelled/forced to retract or apologize?
what are some ways technology affect our environment?
i have a 300 word eassy on soil and water conservation how can i start it off?
Does buying fruits and vegetables for the nutribullet get expensive? Glowing green smoothie?
What are some solutions to environmental justice? 10 pts to bets answer?
Is this a GREAT article to refute Global Warming?
Did Al Gore lie about Global Warming?
Where do I get tags for tagging sharks?
Highway Extension on Endangered Species Land?
Is there any environmental problems associated with apricots?
If there is runaway global warming, then why when ice age ended and CO2 went from 180 to 280 there was no?
Why is that,on some maps Greenland and Africa appear to be almost the same size??
How much increase in global temperature does doubling CO2 cause? 0.1 C?
Help me please, how can I convince my mom to move where I need?
Does climate change mean the seasons?
If an average UK home has an energy requirement of, say, 55kWh/day, how much of that is used for heating?
Can a quadcopter be rigged up to a solar cell?
Thr new counting cars has lost something?
Light energy for the plant to use in making its food is trapped during ____ reactions.?
How bad was global warming in 1912 whn this photo of Antarctica was taken?
Does Rush Limbaugh really believe that the Polar Vortex is a hoax?
Who was it that released that global temperature information that showed the globe cooling for 10 years?
Liberals, what would have happened on a green-power system instead of a natural gas-system?
Have you heard about \Al Gore’s Stupidest Global Warming Quotes\?
Is there an official drought going on right now?
What is the EPA responsible for?
So why do AGW alarmists say Joe Bastardi should not be listened to?
what does global warming mean in simple terms?
Solar Panels for my Roof?
Is it possible to burn hydrogen in an ICU and capture the electricity, then use it to power wheel motors too?
Do you think Barack Obama should mandate that global temperatures rise by ten degrees Fahrenheit ?
Can Iowa grow anything else besides corn?
What are some of the STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering, Math) careers involved in nuclear energy.?
What are the wildlife conservation report ? pliz explain it.?
Green Energy-How much is it...?
snow fall records winter1968-69 in siloam springs Arkansas?
So is Global Warming False or Real?
Does our climate have a thermostat?
Name \SPECIFIC\ Types of decomposers, consumers, and producers in grasslands (At least 5 each)?
Research topics on climate change centered around government and media involvement?
Why do climate change supporters?
Will 2014 be even colder than this beginning?
Climate change deniers, what are your credentials?
Why do the sea shephers throw crap into ocean?
How to get a job helping endangered animals?
There is a deer in my backyard at the moment (11 PM). What should I do with it?
plants that have healing properties?
What method reduces the volume of waste but could release toxic emissions into the atmosphere?
Just help me with this?
Which is it Time Magazine global cooling or warming?
Do farmers prefer to use aquifers for growing crops rather than using surface water?
600w light how many solar panels to run 12 hours a day?
Haters over ask.fm like to bully but apparently they can't say it to my face?
What's the best overall set-up if you want your electricity to come exclusively from solar panels?
Antarctic Peninsulas?
http://www.bestairshop.co.uk/?
Building an Electric Go Kart?
Economic globalization, human demographics or climate change which has the most immediate effect on us?
Why was the damage from the ice storm in Toronto so extensive throughout the city?
How could anyone believe global warming? Lol?
Does AGW theory predict record cold?
Why did people make up global warning?
So the explanation for the polar freeze in the U.S./Canada is because of global warming?
Has anyone ever worked with the Student Conservation Association (SCA)? How was it?
How long does mail take to get from BC Canada, to San Diego?
My gum on the right side of my mouth on the back hurts.?
Which temperature data sets are more accurate, ground stations or satellites?
If it is freezing in North America because of polar vortex jet stream shift caused by AGW, is why is Berlin 11?
Is our planet condemned?!?
Did you know that because it is cold the cause was Global Warming?
Does the Polar Vortex affect people's rationality?
Ships frozen in Antarctica?
Is this a sign of AGW caused Schizophrenia in the media?
Global warming is a myth?
Why did Algore warn us that Earth is getting warmer, but on the evidence its mostly getting colder?
Is global warming causing escaped inmates to turn themselves in?
What is the average size of tigers territory?
What HOAX is more dangerios, polar vortex or man made global warming?
What does it mean to divide waters from waters?
It took 70 years for Earth's temperature to rise over 10 C. If ice age starts ago, how can IPCC save us?
Is the Polar Vortex caused bt Man Made Global Warming?
______ are plants that are able to \fix\ nitrogen gas for plant use in to soil?
What do you say to people who point to the excessively cold weather as evidence against global warming?
Alternatives to Firework Shows?
Did captain james cook see a desert in australia?FAST?
What is the cause of the current polar vortex?
Urgent News Flash on Global Warming?
Is anyone burning up today because of Global Warming?
Question for global warming nutjobs only: Do people awkwardly stop laughing and talking when you walk up?
The Global Warming is terrible in New York today, Phewy ! its hot !?
Electric utilities ask to reduce consumption during the cold?
POLAR VORTEX: Did global warming cause and terminate the ICE AGE?
Why are we so worried about global warming?
how does the change of climate affect us?
Why isn't every body screaming global warming with these arctic colds coming down on us??
When Al Gore talks about the ice caps melting shouldn't he make Disclosure?
Would two 265 watt panel be enough to power a fan, tv, and laptop?
May Greenland become habitable with global warming?
Can dry ice be used in fire extinguishers to put out fire's?
direct and indirect impacts of pollution?
Did you know that bridge collapse in Minneapolis was caused by GW?
how is water in water parks recycled?
How many solar panels would I need if I buy a 28 watt-peak panel that will produce 100 watt-hours per day?
How can I tell if it were the down stairs neighbors who made this report on me ?
Why are all these Climate Change CEOs getting canned?
What are some states that has a nice fall and good rain season with a low crime rate?
Exploitation of renewable energy?
If the Polar Icecaps are melting because it's too warm, how come?
flexline for furnance and hot water heater go through cinder block walls?
Is there any peer reviewed studies that give odds of human extinction being caused by gw emissions?
Would there be higher highs and lower lows with a thinner atmosphere?
Do u have a feeling like something bad is going to happen this yr?
What size would a 40 watt solar photo voltaic panel be?
I need an intelligent opinion?
What type of macro nutrient is our main source of energy to create ATP?
Is Trever a brilient scientist who forgot to put a link to NASAs data or is he a liar?
does tropical climate affect human fertility?
How about this global warming?
How cold does it have to be for high school to not accrue?
I want to live in the wild?
if you like the current temperatures can you keep of?
Can you see the Northern Lights in Wisconsin?
I want to live in the wild?
i want to use solar for cooking and airconditioning at home how much power in watts solar system do i need?
What predictions has global warming science made that came true?
How is gas used in the home? Do gas boilers emit any kind of waste gases?
Which is a better fuel propane or ethanol? Give reason for your answer?
I woke up and everything was dead silent.?
To fight climate change, when will Obama spend tens of trillions of $ to build CO2 capture and sequestration?
Can denialist discuss the science of climate change?
If the sea rises and swallows some land, wouldn't that be a good thing for adorable dolphins and whales?
Help Needed! No good answers are being givi?
Can denialists discuss the science of Climate Change?
is it possible that you can BUILD an Island?
how to get rid of cat urine smell when you dont have a cat?
is there any hallucinogenic mushrooms in the central valley of california?
Does global warming cause teenager's acne?
how long b4 liberals start telling us record cold temperatures caused by global warming?
Could school get cancelled or have a delayed opening?
Any movies that pertain to biology, chemistry, physics/climate change?
Any movies that pertain to biology, chemistry, physics/climate change?
How can we trust climate science when they manipulate data?
How can we trust climate science when they manipulate data?
What is this noise outside?
Should we designate Syria as an international jihadist wildlife preserve?
Can some one list and explain the medical benefits of nuclear energy?
What if it were global cooling instead of warming that we had to deal with? What human actions can cause this?
how are potential,kineticand total energy realeted?
which do you believe our soceiety most resembles:the lorax or the oncleler?why?
Can ashes start a fire?
why don't supermarkets give the food they throw out to customers instead?
Can anyone prove to me that Global Warming is real?
Is Al Gore in Hybernation?
Please assess the use of the \97% consensus\ in this Guardian article?
if a similar or worse weather event has occurred more or less a hundred years ago, in a specific area...?
An example of a Coastal defences in Uk that uses soft engineering?
Can schools close due to extreme coldness?
Why they bother talking about GLOBAL warming and GLOBAL temperature when they can't measure it since they?
Whether AGW is real or not, should every country in the world ASAP stop pumping CO2 and CH4 into the air and?
when we go into another ice age will the USA and Europe invade warm weather countries?
Some say that global warming is a myth. What is the motive?
Will humans be extinct within the next 30 years?!?
Logging road question?
Did you know: In 1999, Al Gore said that the polar ice caps would disappear by 2014?
Where is all this cold weather I hear the news trying to terrify people about?
Will the polar vortex that hit the US reach the UK?
Destroying elephant ivory?
why did harrison ford make a tv ad about global warming when he has 7 jets?
Did you hear, oxygen is bad for you?
is global warmng is good for the earth?
Where does one dispose regular pencil batteries for recycling in Mumbai?
Can desalination plants be used to slow the rate the polar ice caps are melting?
Berlin is 9 C and raining. Remember back in 1944 battle in Europe used to snow bad? Is this due to AGW?
what happen to gobal warming?
I want to work for defending the nature. What should I do?
MY QUESTION IS WHAT HAPPEN TO Gores globel warming theory?
I believe global warming is a fact.?
Why is silicon used in solar panels?
Why are humans so skeptical about global warming?
If earth were shrunk proportionally, would we feel any difference?
Is mining in Mindanao sustainable? Why?
Do you think this research was necessary?
how does internal energy change related to heat and work?
What year had the most recorded global sea ice?
my friend is to embarrassed to ask get mom what is sex what should she do?
The downfall and flooding in UK and the Polar Vortex In North America. What is this a sign off?
is there any way to help the coldness?
why do movie stars tell us a about global warming and they have jets and big houses?
How has population distribution influenced the physical & human geographic factors?
Global Warming question?
How come we borrowed a trillion dollars from China to invest in Green Energy?
Does the CO2 greehouse effect get saturated?
what is the early warning system for global warming?
Why is global warming considered a bad thing?
Is the ship of Warmist scientists looking for massive Antarctic ice melting STILL stuck in the ice?
Could the Northeast of the USA ever stay hot like the West Coast?
Once CO2 is added to our atmosphere by burning fossil fuels?
How is heat transported from Earths surface to the top of the troposphere?
Did the first AGW alarmist Svante Arrhenius lost bad against the first AGW denier Knut Angstrom?
little things people do that hurt the enviroment?
Are there too many people breathing in the Midwest?
Try this to make your next fortune?
How much should cost LPG conversion in cars in USA ?
If all human emissions of CO2 ended today, approximately how long would it take for global temperatures to dec?
What happened to \Global Warming\?
I'm looking for colleges in states that have great weather PLEASE HELP; look at additional details please?
http://www.bestairshop.co.uk/?
I don't understand, didn't Al Gore say?
Are we heading into an Ice Age?
Can you send a message using the wind?
Is global warming causing frost quakes in Canada?
what is good about plastic?
Is 20 cm of snow enough for a snow day?
What is the average wage for removing snow?
What are sources of CO2 emissions in homes? Or do all the emissions simply come from the power stations?
Which two types of food would contribute to a lower ecological footprint?
How do i turn the light off outside?
How about a Global Warming Tax liberals?
Will Sagebrush ever admit that TIME cover is a fake?
Since the globe is COOLING and not warming, will CO2 levels begin to drop shortly?
Power output for hydroelectric energy?
Why do so many people deny global climate change?
Could changes in jet steam behaviour be the result of global warming?
what energy turns to what energy?
What can I do with a Masters Degree in Agroforestry?
Way are birds that normally live in the Arctic regions of Canada being found as far south as Florida?
Can the North East in the USA get warmer and like stay at that warm climate?
House warming function after death?
Was 2013 really a bad year for proponents?
Can pots be recycled?
there is a new swimming pool being built.how can engineers tackle climate change. what is emerging technonolgs?
Since wind blows from the SW, do most of the CO2 produced by India get trapped in the Himalaya snow mountains?
what are the mounds next to I-95 expressway in Florida?
Would heating the gap in double glazing increase domestic energy efficiency?
why did they cut this tree down? please read?
Is Diesel fuel emissions as dangerous as gasoline emissions referring to carbon monoxide?
What is Solar Output?
law of conservation of energy how it is applicable when a body falls freely on the surface of earth?
Should we use hot or cold water?
Is there another explanation than \global climate change\ for mild weather in Europe?
top 10 countries with diverse climate?
Does anyone have a copy of this TIME magazine, that we can send to those stranded Antarctic Pilgrims?
What radiation worries to expect in the coming years for Seattle and surrounding areas ?
Why is a silvered surface is used at the back of a solar panel?
Just out of curiosity, has there ever been identical climate trends?
how to make solar panel?
Could we get a snow day?
help on writing a 5 page research project?
What jobs are there to do with global warming?
How is batteries recycled?
Is it possible to harness power from storms?
is there anyway to help global warming?
Name regions which were dense forests and presently they are densely populated?
Name regions which were dense forests and presently they are densely populated?
Name regions which were dense forests and presently they are densely populated?
do you believe in man made climate change?
Mars has 30 times more CO2 than Earth does. 96% / 0.04% = 2400 but Mars has very little atmosphere, and has no?
Pros and cons of burying and cremation?
Climate takes 30 years to determine. How long does it take to determine a change in climate? 300 years?
How do we know for a fact the ice age happened?
I'LL LOOK BOTH WAYS FOR YOU! DO I SEE YOU?
What activites do humans participate in that contribute to the effects of global warming?
how do they make the curves on a pallet HELP?
Which areas of geography are involved with climate change?
Is there a conflict of interest with Al Gore's global warming theory?
Why do people say another ice age will happen in the future?
what should we be doing about deforestation? why?
pros and cons of loss of biodiversity?
what happened to all the hurricanes we were suppose to have because of global warming?
Why do people say global cooling would be worse than global warming?
Do WWF use the same tiger for every adoption pack?
Latest storm likely to make the 2010s the snowiest decade in the east coast in the NOAA record?
How can I get rid of the smell of weed in my bathroom?
Solarcity free solar panels?
Do you ever feel like I do? Too Many games and TMI is a overload to most of us.?
What are some short and long term adaptations that humans must make if the climate changes?
which biomes would be most vulnerable to global warming? and global cooling?
Animal lovers, please help save these animals?
For \skeptics\, why does \It's complicated\ = \We have no clue\?
how does physical features and climate influences human activity in siberia?
I have a probabtion drug test on the 14 of this month and I smoked 4 days ago i dont know what to do to pass?
Is oxygen poisonous and it just takes 80+ years to kill us?
explain how solar energy trapped in the biosphere influences the global climate?
How did green roofs get to/start in america?
What good is an electric motorcycle?
Help me out here – I don’t understand the controversy over Global Warming.?
Is foam recyclable? Please answer!?
Should climate change skepticism be banned from the media?
How do i by pass the ballest on a 4' t8 Fluorescent light fixture to install led tubes?
what is green go earth?
Has everyone gotten on board that Global Warming is:?
why is my electric bill 30-40 bux more?
Can the AGW Hypothesis be criticized on it's own Merits?
Saving whales from Japanese fishing Vessels need to be increased?
about solar panels: can u think of new usages for solar systems?
Do you trust the Environment Agency to restore ancient woodlands?
who proposed the theory of solar cells?
who knows any connections i need some kush right now i pay?
Where are coal mining cities in Kentucky?
would Sunday's Green Bay Packers game be a good place to protest Global Warming?
Name change in bangladesh?
Why do sometimes I smell some kind of rotting meat in my house?
looking for topic related to global climate change that is currently under discussion in the media.?
how much volts needed to make an electric car move 1 meter only?
Can a hydrogen have a 3p subshell?
cells and factorys!!!?
Because of the difference in size and ionisation energy between boron and aluminium, many differences exist, w?
What are some good arguments against whaling?
how does the current work?
Is this a sign of a POSSIBLE mini ice age soon to come?
What is happening to Antarctic ice?
How long before developing countries?
What would be my best options in handling this situation?
why can't ther be more effort put into making reusable energy through hydro power add ones ?
Recycling/reusing shopping bags?!?
Is it fair to leave the Xue Long rescue ship stuck in the ice?
When 140 million Americans are in zero and below zero temps, could global warming really be a pack of lies?
Is there a waste product we can dump into the oceans to prevent ocean acification?
wat wud be the reason my 306 dturbo is using more fuel?
Do you think it is true that most of the United States in under water because of global warming?
Electric meter reading query?
Which is \global warming\ more likely to cause? rising temperatures? or falling temperatures?
does energy use have a connection with greenhouse gas emission?
Is there scientific evidence that CFL bulbs are enviromentally better than old traditional bulbs?
Do you think the stranded scientists will get a hero's welcome or medals for this trip?
If the science is settled what were those stranded scientists researching anyway?
Do you think Climategate or Clitanic does more to discredit the global warming agenda?
Can some one explain this to me?
Can someone provide me with a sound file of someone walking on snow?
What are the three weather and climate data collection methods?
How is it possible that the Antarctic ice shelf melt this year is the lowest ever recorded?
Should my recycling pickup truck be compacting it or are they just putting it in dump?
Running a truck off oxy-hydrogen, can anyone tell me why it wont work?
why energy used from appliances decrease every year?
Is it important to be something when your older?
Do owners of hybrid cars pay more in the end?
was global warming invented to get more tax money?
The current rate of species extinction is...?
Why are people so worried about global warming?
How many of those 75 consensus scientists are aboard those stuck ships?
Where can i get a Lister Petter AD1 Fuel Tank?
What do you think of global warming,?
are red grouse more of a precious species, or hen harriers?
The 52 people on the boat stuck in ice in Antarctica...?
Basically I'm 17 and a girl...?
5 ways to reduce water pollution?
Do you think those Pilgrims agree with Al Gore's view of unethical oil now?
How can we make use of polybags in order to reduce wastage?
What happens to ashes from cigarettes when outside?
How can the global fashion industry be made more sustainable?
how to save fuel for vehicles ?
Do you think the four seasons are a result \climate change\?
what do uncut Diamonds look like?
Why is it a big deal that 98% of news stories failed to mention the ship stuck in ice was on a Global Warming?
5 million trees cut down for wind farms does this make sense?
Why and how was it possible for it to snow on the piramids on egypt?
Where can I find spiders in minecraft?
is there way to make cheap water for the poor?
What kinds of wild berries can be found near Paris?
What are spring colors?
Who are the real climate change deniers?
Why did 98% of news stories fail to mention the ship stuck in ice was on a Global Warming mission?
If less then 1% reject GW, why is it the weather not climate used as the point of arbitration?
It is summer in the southern hemisphere... so how did a ship get stuck in ice in the summer?
The carbon in the atmosphere increased from 578 giga tons pre industrial to 766 giga tons in 1999, increasing?
What Happened To Hispaniola Wildlife?
what are three good ways we consume fossil fuels?
How many trees does Chris Turney need to plant to offset CO2?
What aspects of our climate have not changed due to global warming?
Did Chris Turney needlessly put lives in danger to create more man-made Global Warming propaganda?
does anyone know what type of rodent this is and how can it be caught efficiently? and how to get rid of it?
its about algae as a biodiesel fuel?
How can I build a solar thermal hot water heater to hook into my existing electric heater?
There has been strong winds?
How misleading is this article?
How much is spent yearly on global warming \research\ worldwide?
Should I play electric violin?
Hello just heard about the phasing out of Incadescent Light Bulbs by the US Govermment?
can a solar panel kit be connected to both batteries and the grid?
Saving electricity...?
To what extent does it make sense to combine alternate energy installations?
does my 99 fleetwood terry have electric heat?
In all the huhu about the \failed Antarctic expedition\?
change 80% to a fraction?
Which one of these pictures should be the new AGW symbol?
Which one of these picture should be the new AGW symbol?
What does this science question mean? Help!?
Like Mark boyle, how can i join a organic community so i'm not so dependant on money and the stress it has?
window panes - as solar collectors?
Why did they ban plastic bags in California?
Parents: Do your kids come home with Climate Change Homework Projects?
My dog just farted, what should I do?!?
Do you think those Pilgrims down in Antarctica will ever use the term,?
Are these statements true when it comes to showing how \illogical\ the belief in AGW is?
Do you think the current record cold temperatures are indisputable proof of \global warming\?
Would that disaster in North Dakota happened if they built the Keystone Pipeline?
How much is kwh in electric meter units?
Where can I drop off recyclables in Columbus, Ohio?
Antarctic ship rescued - who pays?
Do rabbits come out in the rain?
Is regular maintenance required for wastewater equipment?
What are the problems affecting climate of a region?
What are the factors affecting climate of a region?
I want a nice nickname please Help me!?
where do garbage trucks go and what happens at landfills and stuff?
If man is so powerful, how come he can't turn ice into water around that boat in the Antarctic?
Are electric blankets energy efficent?
Some scientists think that global warming is?
What are the best alternative energy available that is effective and with minimal side effects?
Why is it so difficult to oppose AGW and be ethical?
How many deniers are meteorologists?
why did my grandfather insult me?
Looking for an area in the world, any help would be very appreciated?
Is the IPCC quitely backpeddling it's projections?
I have a acoustic guitar, I recently got electric what are the important things to learn on electric guitar.?
I am with a man that has four kids and an ex wife from hell I love this man,so much but I feel like I am,getti?
Will the electric company buy electricity from a personal generator?
what is wasted energy?
Why is it so hard to accept?
Would \environmentalists\ be fine with giant wind turbines all over ANWR instead of oil rigs?
Hey Guys Whats Your Opinion?
Do roughnecks make more in the Permian basin area or North Dakota ?
I don't believe in Global Warming. Is this wierd?
Question about light bulbs and mercury?
Is this true? Increase in mangrove trees blamed on global warming?
How to identify wood by sticks?
I don't like change?
Do you think this ice age that's coming will effect the the way we think?
is there an energy efficient toasrer?
10 POINTS FOR THE BEST ANSWER!!!?
What type of tree is this?
How much of the energy that runs Las Vegas is produced by the Hoover dam?
I can water bend at a beggener a level I was wandering if anyone else has unlocked their natural element?
The atmosphere contains 750 giga tons of carbon. All the living things contains 610 giga tons of carbon. The?
How do Environmentalist view themselves as doing right?
Are Wild rabbits Scared of loud noises?
Sustainable ways to save a valley?
I need an interview. This is about environment.?
100 degree weather or 0 degree weather? And why?
How much mercury is in a compact florescent light bulb and how are they safely disposed of?
I just found out I'm not sustainable. What should I do?
Climate change investigation?
What plants are in paper?
What would be a sufficient solar power system for my 280 sqft home?
where does my poop go?
can concrete be considered alive ?
can concrete be considered alive ?
Was the Antarctic research expedition failure?
name all dense forests destroyed in year 2001-2013 all over the world?
Are more people dying through extreme weather?
What is science? How should it be pursued? How should it inform policy debate?
what to do if you city failed to conduct testing for coliform bacteria m?
Is it long distance from Qubec from ottawa ontario?
Is anyone Else bored af ?
How much does a 10' stick of 4\ cast iron weigh?
When Smokey the Bear says \Only you can Prevent Forest Fires\ is the bear Right?
Are only the cooler climate models wrong?
If you shop at Sam's Club, it's cheaper to buy disposable plates than do dishes?
According to Alarmists climate models, how warm is the Earth SUPPOSED to be right now?
What are the different forms of solar power/solar energy?
how much energy is required to melt 12.0 mol of ice?
summers comming up! anyone know any good four wheeling trails in South Dakota or Colorado?
Global Warming?How did this happen?
I'm thinking about vegeterianism?
Is gas heating more expensive that electric?
Climate change: What is gonna happen?
do newer fridges have to expend more energy when warm food is placed inside of them?
I have a bunch of old mattresses,it cost lots to dump,is it illegal to dismantle it and throw it in the trash?
How do you know that an entity is a form of energy?
What does it feel like to breath in -16 F air?
Little ice age in 2014?
Would anything bad happen?
How to not afraid of thunders?
How much CO2 is this Antarctic exploration going to generate?l?
Will we get any peer reviewed papers from the findings of those on that stuck Antarctic expedition?
How much fossil fuel will we use up to rescue those Pilgrims stranded in the Antarctic?
Can you recommend any petitions to protect or preserve wildlife?
Don't get me wrong I send lots?
Why is there so little news about fracking problems in texas?
How do I throw out a broken mirror? NOT SUPERSTITIOUS?
If there was truly Global Warming how could this happen?
If the research ship stuck in the ice in Antarctica?
why can't i get comfortable in my bed?
12v vs 24v solar panel?
If the population was reduced wouldn't global warming slow down?
How come global warmist could worry less about overpopulation explosions?
Will you still be able to get 40 watt ceiling fan and table lamp bulbs?
what happen when i combine smoke and excess oils from car can i recycle that again to make a new oil?
Ecology help! Number of species and forest patch size!?
Does everything eventually get old?
providing clean water to poor?
any water filtration system?
How come Al Gore is being sued by the founder of the weather channel?
What is water's best friend?
How much does it cost to install solar panels?
What would happen to the solar system, If every single house was required to have solar power?...?
Did the Global Warming Pilgrims stranded in the Antarctic find that the sea ice is 15 feet thicker than 1912?
what is the average household co2 emissions from energy in massachusetts?
Will unpopped popcorn attract grackles?
Can a van charge a fork lift battery but jump starting ,this is not a battery only forklift truck.?
Could HAARP, and not global warming, pushing the jet-stream around be the cause of droughts to kill people?
tariff for solar panels?
Do you think i'm normal for my age?
When do the Days get longer in 2014?
When do the Days get longer in 2014?
What does scalar energy simply mean?
Overpopulation: A crisis?
Does anyone recognize this logo?
Next ice age possible?
Clean drinking water any opinions?
Will the \Fukushima Radiation\ spread to England?
diffirent title about air pollution?
In gasification of waste, is the energy input to gasify the waste larger than the energy it produces?
recycle smoke and excess oil and turn it to a new oil again?
How would the climate be affected by a thinner atmosphere?
Recently bought solar panels?
Why is solar energy not yet more widely used?
is there any place around the NCR region (Philippines) that is unknown to many but less known who walk by it?
Weed smells bad after being in jar?
Which has more influence on the Earth's temperature, CO2 or the Sun\s Magnet activities?
How can we change the climate from pollution?
Are scientists researching this?
how to become a survival expert or a certified survival expert?
How can Earths average temperature be 58 degrees F?
Wildlife Photography?
Does family doller sell loom kits?
Skeptics: what is your understanding of the AGW theory? ... and why is it wrong?
Is there more Antarctic ice now?
Why do people think they can get free money for a environmental farce?
wtf is this bug in my house??
How is the quality of Zhaoyang Explosion-proof Electric Heater? How to compare Electric Heaters?
If climate change models are based on?
Pure Alcohol into a gasoline engine? How easy to convert?
I (think) I am mining bitcoins in a \pool\. What exactly is happening? The process?
Would the sulphur dioxide from a large volcano cause a noticeable cooling of global temperatures?
How to introduce yourself to new neighbours.?
could you work in conservation with an environment science degree?
Can I put instructions on address line 2?
Since humans are part of nature, why wouldn't it be considered natural that humans burn fossil fuels and?
how do i change myfacebooklocation?
Just Energy Scam or real?
Who still listens to leading experts on Arctic sea ice?
How can I work for the WWF?
when was the last ice age?
Where can I find a variety of graphs & charts about energy in the UK?
How does the UK currently create energy?
Do small wind turbines (like 6kW-10kW) have a 30% load factor like the large 2MW installations?
What is the Radiation Exposure and Dose Amount over time due to Fukushima?
Why should we protect endangered species?
What steps have been taken by the Government of India to protect forest?
Why India suffers drought and floods?
Are there generally-understood \noisy\ systems with underlying trends?
I have finally made a chi ball but after making one I feel drained out .How can I gather energy from outside?
How stupid is this this?
Safest carbonate to the environment.?
How to check house history?
Is this Earths climate thermostat?
convert smoke and excess oil to a new oil again to run my car can do that ?
Do we realize that most of the time earth is in an ice-age?
Need advise urgently,17 year old moving put?
What's the most affordable way to eliminate EMF exposure? So many products cost double and triple digits.?
Electric car conversion?
People leaving trash in my trash bin ?
Is there a soap I can use on my face, hair and body?
In _ _ _ _ _ of throwing away all our waste paper ,glass,metal and plastic , we can recycle?
What is the difference between a shiner and a dace?
Have you ever had a feeling that something is wrong and then something really bad happens??
More in tune with nature?
At which stores have you had the best dumpster-diving luck?
can i get arrested for this?
can i get arrested for this?
How to recycle a laptop screen?
Moving to Manchester New Hampshire, should I go East, West or??
How can I make everyday better?
Do you agree or not with this statement? This only way people no not emit CO2 to cause global warming is to?
Does sound cause air pollution?
Is it socially acceptable to go to the mall alone?
Methane hydrate or burning ice, far more abundant than coal, oil, natural gas, including shale and tar sands,?
Is there a plAce in sacramento that is peace and quiet?
Plants have no brain and don't need much air to live. 1 person breathing = 100,000 trees breathing. Is it?
It costs about 50 dollars to capture and sequester 1 ton of CO2 from the air. If we stop emitting CO2 and?
Hydrogen and carbon are two of the most abundant elements in the universe, so how can we run out of?
is it possible to store energy long-term (3-6 months) using renewables like solar and wind turbines?
Where to start off buying weed?
List of miracles and amazing things?
What are some analogs in other areas to bad AGW arguments?
Why cant I recycle all my plastic?
what are some sustainability programs?
should i accept this gang?
does greenland have anywetlands?
How do you think underdeveloped countries should contribute to reduce global warming?
Is lead bad for marine life?
1) how is carbon dioxide a green house gas and how does it contribute to climate change?
how hot is a bitch -45 fahrenheit or 45 degrees celsius.?
How can i become a logger?
name 10 dense forests made in year 2000-2013 and the location where they are located?
name 10 dense forests made in year 2000-2013 and the location where they are located?
Energy obtained from the earth heat is known as?
If there is no penalty for taking $19 mil from Feds and faking AIDs vaccine, how many $ for fake climate chg?
What are the pros and cons of living in a country surrounded by the sea?
Seasoning wood for a tree house?
This story makes me wonder how many global warming scientists also fake data for money?
are there any plastics made which are biodegradable?
How long does it take to get use to snowy climate?
Earth moves but people do not move? (Read details. very interesting question)?
How to remove gorilla glue from a laptop cover HELP?
I am at the cross roads of my life and I need help making a decision. Both are science fields?
Are Himalayan glaciers shrinking or growing?
need a name for my piece!?!?
explain about electric solenoid?
How can the ocean and plants reduce CO2 in the air? Volcanoes, which emit 97% of all CO2 emission, and animal?
Pre industrial CO2 was 275 ppm. The safe limit of CO2 as determined by climate scientists is 350 ppm. If we?
http://www.airshop2buy.co.uk/?
Why is an icebreaker stuck in the Antarctic ice?
A shift to a renewable energy infrastructure should begin immediately because oil is a finite resource?
CO2 up to about 400 ppm already. No temperature increase since 1997. Al Gore has been proven wrong. When will?
first time that I tried weed and I didn't cough?
Seeing as how less than 2% of climate models are correct, what does it matter if 450 ppm of CO2 causes?
Sea level reconstruction?
What type of bug is this?
how to stop global warming?
What can I do with a Masters Degree in Agroforestry?
When You Kill a Queen Bee Do All The Other Bee's Attack Or Die Or Just Find Another Emergency Queen?
is charging an electric scooter for 8-12 hours when you first get it necessary?
Why is it hard to predict future climate change in the Arctic?
why does natural gas have a fuel charge when it is piped in?
Is there any fashion designer brand that does not use real animal fur?
How do you smoke paper?
What do i do????????
How can I jump into the Solar Industry?
Is Global Warming really happening? And if it is, then what is causing it?
Would people steal your car in Brooklyn?
Would it be good enough if climate scientists say \Sorry, I didn't predict the ice age came\?
How can IPCC help us if the Sun shuts down soon and the world plunges into another glacial period and billions?
Approximately how much does 300 km^2 of solar panels cost?
Only 1 million $ for solving the Riemann hypothesis (1859), so why should climate scientists get 6 figure?
Which light bulbs will they stop making in 2014?
PLEASE HELP! How to obtain corn without hurting the environment?
What is the difference between beach sand and packaged sand from the store?
Symbol of Electric feild and electric field strengh both r E is dat ri8?
Global warming acceleration?
Is the pressure so great to obtain research grants (in academia) that a scientist would risk his career?
I want 2 design a RF energy harvesting cct on ADS how can i get 200mA current?how much load is a phonebattery?
Conservative groups spend $1 billion convincing people against Anthropogenic \Global Warming\?
which countries will be worst effected by climate change?
How to become a wildlife rehabilitator?
Are Energy resources limited on the eartg if they are limited find out the ways to save the energy resources?
Energy resources limited on earth are you need to find out a way to save them?
how do green initiatives help to minimize strain on local infrastructure?
Importance of the climate?
How to installation Adblue Emulator ?
What would happen in 50yrs if food becomes scarce and the glaciers and polar ice continue to melt?
IM JUST WONDERING IF POSSIBLE , IF WE CONVERT CAR SMOKE AND TURN IT TO GASOLINE OVER AND OVER AGAIN ...?
effects of Bhopal gas tragedy on flora and fauna not on humans?
When will the Arctic be summer ice free?
Could this light a fire?
Why don't scientists use the powers of cancer to destroy landfills?
Why do american liberals think that they are saving the world by driving an electric car that is powered by th?
How are PM10 and PM2.5 measurements done?
I would like to be more informed on the Fukeshma disaster?
Why don't global warming believers think about Overpopulation as worse?
How do I get a job in solar if I have been doing drywall construction for 20 years?
Is your fear like mine, not global warming?
How should I separate different recyclable materials?
Who would I call to report cockroaches in kitchen at work?
Tips for honey bee keeping?
How come people do not realize that no matter how green you go it will be offset by world overpopulation?
how would you go about wiring to make a solar panel power a speaker only when it gets a bluetooth signal?
can you connect a solar cell directly to a speaker?
Satellite measurement of the Arctic only began in 1979. Who's to say the Arctic sea ice area was not under?
How much rainwater have you collected with your rain barrel? (Science Fair Project)?
Charging time for electric car?
NOAA failed miserably at predicting THIS year's hurricane season, with 0 hurricane in the Atlantic out of?
What does Species and Domain mean in Ecology?
Capitalist society is all about excessive production, consumption, debt, energy use. So how can global warming?
How to convince my family that a career involving the environment is a good idea.?
where can i buy a Bamboo Toothbrush?
Where is the best place online to discuss climate change?
When will people ever learn there is no global warming?
where does the town recycling go?
Methane hydrate, the next energy revolution, hundreds of times the shale oil and gas, so what's the point?
What is electric feild?
Why are people asking stupid questions about solar panels?
Does this statement still hold true as it relates to the climate and CO2 levels?
What's the difference between a skeptic and a denier?
Are there any wildlife magazines in India about Indian wildlife?
Is there an error with my electric bill?
Do global warming alarmists believe?
Well This Might Sound Really Too Most People And Most Would Tell Me Really Not True Things About Things People?
oxygen plants? can we produce oxygen with gas production machinery?
Methane clathrate, the next energy revolution, is far more than the existing amount of oil, coal, natural gas?
Wind power workers need to do work all the time, manufacturing new wind turbines to replace existing ones,?
If CO2 and H2O trap heat, then why is Earth not warmer than its moon?
I found a whiteish greenish squishy ball at the bottom of my pool...?
How reliable is wind and solar?
I Need Metal Detector Help?
Do you wait for it to stop snowing completely before shoveling?
Is it going to be global warming or little ice age?
Should we trust NOAA in their predictions for the next 100 years?
Is it time for a cruise?
living by salt water?
I need help!!! Something weird just happened.?
Is it cold in the UK by now?
Show name for a 2 year old filly?
Do liberals have a brain?
Is Biodiesel for gasoline car or diesel car?
i hate the feeling of oil in your skin or when your finger is dry?
What can you tell me of Roy Spencer?
How to remove solar cells from solar panel?
Which country still experiences snowing during May?
Can electric cables embedded in roads recharge electric cars?
why did Columb swam to India?
We don't see any alien civilizations even though there should may loads of them. Did they all die out from?
Innocent till proven guilty. Why would anyone believe in man made global warming when there is no proof for it?
Global warming means end of the world?
Antarctica will ever melt completely cause of global warming?
How did Inventor Troy Reed die? He invented the electric car?
how can I get the weather back on my start screen?
What are the most win-win AGW solutions?
Why does my electric oil radiator suddenly shut off and not make any heat?
Ice Storm 2013 help!!!!?
What evidence is there that CO2 was over 1,000 ppm tens of millions of years ago? Ice core only goes back?
If you were to dig through Earth, where would you actually come out?
is this your own climate model?
national park ranger - interpretation?
Is this a climate science skeptic rant?
I was walking on grass around a florida swamp (chemical smell), will I be ok?
why does everyone tell me santa is not real?
I heard people from colder climate shower once a week, is that true?
How do abiotic and biotic facotors influence or affect our climate?
How easy is it to sell Solar Panels in the UK?
What kind of footprints are these?
if a restauarnt servs 336 customer a day 210 days a year how meny customers will the restauarnt serv in a year?
Climate in germany?.....?
Will global warming followed by global freezing?
What is different between lattice energy and heat of formation?
Is TV becoming a waste of energy and technology?
can you put normal plug on a electric cooker?
which year was the dodo species extint?
Competition for environmental initiatives?
what is water pollution?
Whats the weather like in March in south Carolina?
there is this figure that craws acrossed my floor one night and I need some answers. please help. details.belo?
How do I decide home solar now vs later?
sinkhole by foundation, what to do and who to call, in IN?
Is it true that the maximum natural amount of CO2 in the air is about 420 ppm, because when all the ice melts,?
what is the difference between \hydric soils\ and \wetlands\?
Why do democrats use the most energy?
Is it a good idea to build lots of coal plants equipped with carbon capture and sequestration? The new one in?
During the peak of the Pliocene era 4 million years ago, CO2 was 415 ppm, temperature was 4 C higher than now,?
Is Californian renewable energy reliable and inexpensive?
I DROPPED A BOTTLE DOWN TO MY FURNACE HELP?!?
White helicopter with black bottom circling my Apt. building?
How does the mean free path vary with altitude and increasing CO2 concentration?
Will any wildlife rehabilitators take my fake fur?
what careers require solar renewable energy certificates?
if fukushima radiation is so bad in the pacific why would Obama go there with his family?
What do you consider to be the component to the physical environmen of the man?
Best and safest way to dispose of acne treatment products?
Can you explain the differences between these pairs of statements?
How can I attract bats to my yard?
Is there a website or blog that discusses nothing but solar energy?
Snowing hard. What can I do to save heat and be prepared for anything??
Will there be an electric cars massively in near future?
what is a best sologan for our environment?
What are some differences and similarities between energy, nutritional requirements for an adults and a child?
will wolves be reintroduced to wales?
explain the several of dams in hydro electric station?
was tyrannosaurus bigger than allosaurus?
With the assumption of 700 kilo joule is available at the first tropic level, How much energy is dissipate?
hi everybody today i am asking a very simple question relating solar panels i have 5 panels of 150 watt. Now i?
grindadráp Whaling/Dolphin tradition?
Antarctic ice above normal for 761 consecative days?
Arctic continued warming in 2013?
Isn't NOAA the government organization that has had epic failures for predicting hurricane seasons?
will global temperatures in 2013?
What are some areas in Fiji with environmental issues?
How to stop pollution?
How to stop pollution?
The higher the temperature, the less ice there is, the more CO2 in the air rather than in ice. Does this mean?
A Real or Fake Christmas Tree: Which is Greener?
Looking for Environmental agencies?
how much does it cost to have your property checked for sinkholes.?
How can I help change the world?
What classifies a species of being intelligent?
Why hasn't PeaceTV been banned worldwide?
Anyone know why nuclear energy is a non renewable resource?
global warming transforming sovereignty?
Will the people who point to cold weather as disproof of Global Warming now acknowledge the freakishly warm..?
how can we get eco friendly certificate for fly ash brick industry?
If I have got EPA Certification, do I need CFC Certification?
How long does express delivery take?
After the temp data is adjusted upwards do you think 2013 will be one of the coldest years in the USA?
What is the future of Petrol and Diesel based vehicles?
Last night I saw a dark figure it look like a shape of an angel but its wings were folded down and it was tall?
Was November really the warmest November ever?
Why does serengeti national park so important?
I know nothing about Solar power.. but is this possible..?
how dose climate affect population distrbution?
tell the controllers used for electric car?
whether recycled mercury can be used as pesticides?
How is invention of electric city?
Does anyone know if there is infomation on thunderstorms?
is this the magnificant climate heat engine?
Is Steve Goddard banned from Reddit?
Is there a program or website that will generate climate for a fictional world?
Would I suffocate at night?
Is this a mouse or...?
Is this tesla battery swap the hoax of the year?
who is climate prat of 2013?
Could you grow taller moving to a different environment?
Why do I have two energy charges on my Cleco bill?
Would climate scientists cry if we no longer burn hydrocarbons? After all, their jobs depend on burning?
Will 2013 be one of the ten coldest years in U.S. history?
um kinda odd but a question about coconuts?
why am I getting Havana on my weather?
Do I have an energy drink issue?
Climate Change... Man-made?
Is it ineffective to protect species in Canada?
2001 climate control wiring?
How much energy is required to create a 1 Kilo Watt solar panel.?
How Does Under a Beach Look Like?
What electric guitar should I purchase?
Need sources for information on green architecture.?
what time does the mail come on saturday?
I need case studies for green buildings in composite climate for my thesis...?
National Geographic showed a Polar Bear under the ice looking up, was it in any danger of drowning?
Which technical gadget have the biggest negative impact on the environment?
Can the victims of Climate Change sue to be rescued from rising sea levels that will destroy their countries?
Should we nuke the penguins?
Why don't they transport the endangered polar bears to Antarctica?
Hockey sticks broken, sea ice on the increase, \u2028I laughed when I heard their excuses not cease...?
What do you think of Reddit's decision to ban skeptics from its science forum?
Global cooling caused this Aussie ship to get stuck in summer Antarctic ice?
what can of action can i take ?
Why have we had 17 years of NO Global Warming?
35 wks pregnant. any tips for improving my energy level?
thirty five weeks and exhauated? any tips for improving my energy level?
Humanity has endured peaks of ice ages when temperature was more than 8 C colder than now and New York was?
Animal Stories and Details?
How much oil is there left?
Will plants become extinct through climate change?
What happens when the failed Kyoto protocol expired in 2020 when global CO2 is way more than in 1990?
climate change I see the jet stream is still behaving oddly?
As a green environmentalist, how can I do my part increasing my share of CO2 output? I shower over 20 minutes?
Is 2013 the end of climate change?
do solar panels work effectively in the winter?
When animals that are trapped chew off a limb to get free, how do they get through the bone?
Put the following events in order from oldest to most recent:?
There's a spider in my kitchen making babies, what do I do with it?
What are green house gases where do they come from?
How does population growth affect climate change?
Evidence of climate change?
Would many small bee keeping operations help the dwindling bee population?
sites for global climatologists?
At the present rate of global warming, how many years?
speech on \nuclear energy does more harm than good\?
If the US government foresees gasoline powered vehicles dominating the roads clear to the year 2040?
Noise mapping as a pollution control tool in european cities. help!?
how to make an electric bell using electromagnetism?
Glass recycling removal Savannah?
Why earth is getting hotter and hotter in summer and colder and colder every year?
Solar panels and snow?
Why are there so many Asians on the 38 bus?
Low priced transportation?
Does anyone want to make a 3v3 twisted tree line Team? I'm almost lev 30 highly skilled?
Can nutcases be right about AGW?
Why did god create mosquitoes and bats?
Should the warmers subsidise jet fuel?
Is regular maintenance required for wastewater equipment?
What evidence do we have that global warming is real?
how long have you ever been gagged?
Are there really people who still refuse to believe in GW?
City or the wilderness?
I AM SUFFERING FROM GLUCOMA AND LIVING IN INDUSTRIAL POLLUTED AREA HOW THIS POLLUTION IS SERIOUS FOR MY EYES?
Do all cars reach the maximum speed printed on the speedometer?
Why do Democrats get mad when you question global warming?
Does wind power increase CO2?
Is renewable energy cheap?
why do various countries consume such different mixes of energy?
help with north carolina ecology please?
Help ASAP! How do you care for a monarch butterfly with half a missing wing?
Will there be a collapse on Industrial Civilization by 2030?
Who's winning right now? They climate deniers or the climate hypers?
Are you naughty at school?
Does it say anything when a prominent poster doesn't know the meaning of dawn?
Do you know of a better example here at YA where climate science history is ignorantly denied?
whats the difference from kinetic and potential energy?
co2 experiment, Will the temp go up or down or stay the same?
Do Insurance Qoutes Cost money??
Sometimes I can't see myself in the snow?
Can someone help with this ?
Why are environmental scientists and the world more concerned with global warming than overdraft?
Where can I find OSHA labels for B20 Biodiesel?
what 2 ways you can reduce your contribution to global warming?
What do I do with a bat in the winter?
how are scientists measuring climate change over long periods of time?
What's the proof that double CO2 increases temperature by 1.2 C? My estimate is doubling CO2 increases?
What is the effectiveness of climate policies to date?
is the generator the machine that transforms energy?
Question about the Earth radiation budget - Part 1(?)?
What is the point of conserving power and keeping water clean?
The Sun is over a million times the size of the Earth and the biggest driver of climate. CO2 is a trace gas?
Do denialists know what falsifiable and unfalsifiable mean?
What is the most important biological role of hydrogen sulfide?
Global warming won't have any affect on us in our own lifetimes?
Are hybrid cars a health hazzard?
A survey about global warming and greenhouse effect?
Charging directly from a 19v 5amp solar module?
Environmentally-friendly discussions indicate the absence of reason?
Obama supporters, tree huggers, assorted liberals are you happy to have one less thing to complain about?
After the failed Kyoto protocol which runs from 1997 to 2020 expires leaving 2020 with much higher emission?
Do you agree with the governor of Maine that we should stop being so negative about global warming?
Do you think climatology is corrupted or poor science?
Anyone have a \for dummies\ explanation or analogy for why/how the greenhouse effect works?
some one help me with chinense captcha code?
In which state do molecules have the highest kinetic energy?
How has the human capacity to change the environment developed over time?
assumed linearity in climate change?
what organells are present in animal cells but not in plant cells?
Is the World Wildlife Fund a good charity?
Name of tree with low braches which can be used to rest under to protect from rain or snow?
A(n) ________ is someone interested in preserving species and ecosystems.?
Are there wolves in new orleans?
Which gas is typically used in light bulbs?
What happens to a bag of garbage when it's put in the recycling bin?
What are negative affects of egg cartons in landfills?
Describe your dream home!?
Is this climate change indoctrination?
When did Dick Cheney and Halliburto hand over control of global warming policy?
What are three good reasons why the U.S Should NOT pass stricter laws for global warming?
Why should I change my wasteful habits to stop global warming?
Do you think that this lady is causing global warming?
co2 experament what would happen?
How vehicles can be modified to use vegetable oils?
I personally measured with my household IR CO2 measurement devise that Toronto has a CO2 level of over 430 ppm?
Global Warming Questions?
Environmental Experience?
what is the relationship between technology and environments?
I'm always so bored with my life, what can I do to keep busy/entertained?
Is the demise of Australia's carbon tax, the first and only national carbon tax, a warning to politicians?
what was the best part of your childhood?
How \true\ is science, GW?
what is the triple bottom line?
i need HELP! with a climate related question(s)?
Is global warming fake science?
should global warming believers be banned from displaying their green flags?
By next year, the world oil consumption will be increased to 92.4 million barrels a year for gas, diesel, jet?
how ca n we save saola antelope?
Can you help me to write a cover letter?
What is the best Plug In hybrid car and most affordable to own?
Free paper on equipment/metal deterioration over time?
Was Al Gore right when he said that we wouldn't have any ice to measure by now?
Can we put this bogus claim of shrinking ice to bed?
what is an \alternative energy future\?
I have a solar power plant of 3.3kwp system using SMA Sunnyboy 3300 and am using 200ah/12v two batteries.?
Why care about global warming when backward countries and religions could care less?
What transforms energy in food molecules to usable energy?
What is the point of conservation of energy?
Is global warming a fraud and should we be banning products?
which tree has the high tendancy to reduce air pollution?
Now I sit next to a smelly girl in orchestra??!?
what is the differences between resilience and sustainability?
the radical change in human lifestyle began about 10,000 years ago is best described as?
What is that movie about a girl in a sideshow who has hair over her body?
How recycling plastics bad for environment?
What will it be like in the next 10-50 years?
How does global warming cause storms?
Antarctic ice melting from below is it anything to do with climate change?
What are some green building materials?
What are some effects of pollution?
What would happen if Global Warming did cause the ice caps to melt?
How are longterm temperature data manipulated by people who are determined dening that global warming is real?
Is this a bigger threat to mankind than climate change?
Who sponsered the AGU meeting on climate change?
What happens to the energy of atoms in liquids and gases when they are heated and cooled?
Urgent solar panel help needed ASAP!!! 20 volts, 0.7 amps!?
Seeing as how humans are badly mutated creatures who can only survive by altering nature, why shouldn't?
Which is the best recycler to go to in Modesto, Ca to recycle scrap metals and CRV? (regarding prices)?
how do geologic events change and shape earth surface ?
How much Arctic Ice would need to melt before low lying areas such a the Netherlands became flooded?
Does Marc Morano understand the difference between science and science fiction...?
How many peer-reviewed science articles has Marc Morano written?
isnt buying a used car greener than buying new?
Would it be possible to live under water?
Should Energy Startups Be Funded as Charities?
Why don't superconductors lose energy?
Can I make a difference with rhinos as they are endangered?
Is it safe to put an energy saving 7w bulb into a 25w fitting?
what impact does the national grid have to the environment>?
how do you like your eggs in the morning?
What do outgoing longwave radiation levels tell us?
Is this Beale one of those 97% consensus scientists?
The amount of energy used from fossil fuels by humans use per day pales in comparison to the energy from the?
Does it really matter what causes climate change?
There is huge amounts of natural gas and other hydrocarbons on Titan, even more than Earth. So how are fossil?
I need a modern day problem with matter cycles and energy flows or the 10% rule of a food chain?
Whats so scary about spiders?
Where's the best place to hide a body?
CO2 increased only by 36 ppm between pre industrial and 1959? I find that hard to believe?
How do industries comply with Department of Environment and Climate Change?
Whats the safer option?
What are the environmental benefits of geothermal heating and cooling system?
Should land owners get tax breaks for offsetting city pollution and expansion?
Could it be a winning topic? 1. Assessing indigenous based technologies contribution to climate change adaptat?
Is climate change due to PDO AMO and Solar?
why are some flies louder than others?
Smoking weed before bed?
How hot would Earth be if CO2 levels were at 10,000 ppm?
How to work with wild or endangered animals.?
Website for solar energy?
Easy ways to become enviormental friendly?
What can i say NEW about GREEN ROOF?
Plz tell me something to tell about Green roof?
I don't want to live on this planet?
how are polar bears impacted by global warming?
Is a boardwalk fortune teller better than a warmunist climate scientist at predicting?
is this class worth taking: Renewable Energy?
Where can you recycle scissor blades?
Why did the IPCC choose a CO2 atmospheric residence of hundreds of years?
Whats the point of asking a question about a someone who posts on climate change?
What is climate change doing to China's deserts?
An one in million certain tree for a concept design?
has any one done a co2 experiment where where 2 enclosed boxes one with co2 at 400ppm and the other with 200?
How savvy is an engineer who posts 368 mostly fake anti-science Qs BEFORE graduating to Wattsup copy-pastes?
What renewable energy should be used in Victoria B.C (lots of precipitation) and why?
Whither went the warmer weather?
Renewable Energy Sources like Biofuels?
Can anyone suggest a good solar energy company in Surrey, Hampshire or Dorset?
Can Spaceship fuel produce any CO2 or Pollution?
Is it really true that Venus and Mars used to be like Earth, 0.028% CO2, until ET people burned fossil fuels?
What is your favorit way to enjoy wildlife?
What can be done to increase wildlife populatons?
explain the phrase 'no sun no life'?
How do you measure somthing in potential energy?
Have you heard about the latest dirty tricks from the Heartland Institute?
what is bureaucratic logjam?
Why don't cars turn off their engines when they are stopping at red lights to reduce CO2 emission?
Is climate change being used by socialist governments as a excuse?
why was the Earth warmer in the medieval & Roman times ?
m 20years old n i think i have anemia i also have some other symtoms please help me to get rid of it?
Water shortage, if there is one?
Burning fossil fuel produces a lot more H2O than CO2. For example for natural gas CH4 it is 2 H2O 1 CO2. More?
Of the 5 anti-science \Top Answerers\ of YA, Global Warming who is the most honesty-challenge?
Is a radon test necessary in this case?
Big Oil has trillions of dollars, so how can we deny that Big Oil pays billions to climate scientists to?
Arctic ice extent up in area and volume, all over for global warming?
Since climate scientists project what happens in the year 2100, which is a while away, will they have their?
What should it be about?
How to bring change in my nature?
How to bring change in my nature?
When the Japanese will STOP KILLING DOLPHINS?
What's worse, the fraud or the incompetence?
What is good stream for wildlife journalist?
what is illegal to sell, import, and export under the endangered species act?
Is a shark cull in WA really necessary?
How is the global level of carbon 13 measured in the atmosphere?
What are the most important peer-reviewed scientific articles on climate change by Lawrence Solomon?
advantages and disavantages of heating effect of electric current?
Why am I going through such hard time?
Do humans cause climate change?
Give agricultural practices that address food security together with climate change?
Would you get electric shocked if you touch this?
What temperature patterns would we expect with the following AGW assumptions?
What does lack of energy really mean?
What would earth be like without animals?
how to give electric shock from 12 V DC supply?
energy science definition ?
what could i do? or what should i do?
how many sublevels are in energy level 1?
how many sublevels are in energy level 1?
Where is the fastest pace of urbanism occurring presently? Why? What are the forces causing the push of urbani?
How woul you survive the great ice storm of 1998?
my contributions in nurturing nature?
In 2001 did the IPCC predict milder winters with less snow?
Is this the result of yet another great conspiracy by deniers against AGW by Big Oil?
What does it mean to be environmentally healthy?
the energy released when sugar molecules are broken down is stored in?
what is dark energy?
Science Fair Project Ideas!! Any ideas?
Why isn't the African Lion listed as an endangered species?
Theories on how global warming is caused?
Flood Defences in the UK?!!!!!!!!!!!!!?
Has the laws of physics, thermodynamics and chemistry changed?
How does the climate affect the loss of biodiversity?
Is there any other ingredient in weed them just the natural plant?
electric shock constantly, help!?
How to make you fuel millage better?
\CO2 science has been settled since Fourier and Arrhenius.\? Did ANYONE ever say that?
How many years ago did people realize solar energy could be used to replace electricity?
what are some advantages and disadvantages of geothermal energy?
what is the best electric guitar for $1200?
what are the materials needed in the production of geothermal energy?
need help with climate and change homework?
Is it legal to kill foxes in New York state?
How is metal recycled ?
hi was the tyrannosaurus rex like the allosaurus at all or not?
How big is the average size of a wasp?
I have a wicked fear of caterpillars?
how can an endangered species become endangered?
I thought CO2 science has been settled since Fourier and Arrhenius?
will hydrogen cars destroy humanity?
why is the north sea oil/gas running out?
Is heavy snowfall in parts of the USA proof that global warming is a myth?
How is wood recycled ?
Who would like to debunk global warming with me?
What were the three green revolutions in agriculture?
Was algore wrong about glibal warming?
How Does Increase in Temperature Affect the Kinetic Energy of Gas Molecules and its energy of attraction?
What are some impacts of renewable energy?
Best Suitable vegetable Oil for Biodiesel Production?
name of college for pg course in health and safety and environment?
The environmental consequences of paper manufacture on the environment?
The environmental consequences of paper manufacture on the environment?
if my last meter reading for electric was 92747 and it is now 05363 how much electric have i used strange?
should i get this electric guitar?
I'm doing a survey about nuclear energy?
I'm doing a survey about nuclear energy?
I'm doing a survey about nuclear energy?
How long will it take skeptics and denialists to recognize this pattern?
seeing lizards alot any signs???!!!?
for the first time i feel lively?
Explain drone of honey bee as migrant form of aphid?
How to save my plush mattress?
When making Biodiesel, do you need to heat at any point in the process?
What do you think about a fish that puts its child into its mouth for protection?
I got fondled by a guy from jersey what do i do?
hello do you know if accent energy will really sell me gas at a lower cost than p.g.@e? or have you even heard?
Should nuclear power plants be phased out and strictly forbidden around the world?
Epiphone Les Paul Electric Guitar Player Pack vs Yamaha GigMaker EG Electric Guitar Pack?
What Kind Of Gems/Stones Are These?
Weird Noises in Dearborn Heights?
should i be so scared?
Does anyone remember HEED deodorant, when it was last produced?
Does it concern alarmists that Big Wind is buying off policy makers in Britain?
If I can see the moon all day and night in California can Madagascar ever see it?
H2O produced by burning fossil fuels makes summer hotter and winter colder. How to stop burning fossil fuels?
What does someone say when waking up in hospital?
Why aren't carbon taxes being used sensibly to plan and implement clean energy infrastructure?
What mechanisms could produce cyclical climate fluctuations?
Who could be considered as the father of climate science?
Tap water with oily white film on top straight from the tap?
Is global warming really going to freeze us to death like in the movie-The day after to marrow?
Can the religious AGW cultists continue to claim that the science is settled because they have a consensus?
How many climate computer models does it take to get a correct answer?
What are most common environmental problems?
So it snowed in Cairo for the first time 112 years; what are the implications for global climate?
How many questions has Nathan nicked from others?
The Canopy Project: a. wants the world to plant a billion trees this year b. wants us to decrease the CO2 ca?
What animals are endangered from poaching?
Surburban contributes to: a. deforestation b. less cars on the road c. increased farmland?
__Did the ‘Cars for Klunkers’ US federal government program succeed? a. Yes, it led to more fuel efficient ve?
How much ocean water?
Need some help on this question?
Can anyone recamend a bed bug specialist pest control in the essex area!?
What tracks are these?
Small towns where everybody knows you?
How many climate science textbooks has RIchard Lindzen published?
How much worse is global warming now (5th IPCC report) as compared to the 1st?
What is the best way of modelling the long term effect of cloud cover on global climate trends?
What do garbagemen do with paper recycle?
Where does paper recycle go when garbagemen take it. helppp!?
Teacher took note that said something bad on it then read it?
AGW denier nut analogy: How many computer models predicted Aaron would pass Ruth's record on April 8, 1974?
can a bsc (zoology) graduate apply for mba admission?
Of the anti-science posters on the top ten list of Yahoo Answers Global Warming \Top Answerers\....?
What is the record for consecutive stupid questions in the Global Warming section?
Should we remove the ban on DDT due to global warming?
Is it the adjustments? Which tracks better with global warming and the recent pause?
Help me with these renewable energy questions!?
How many computer models predicted snow...?
Someone please answer!?
Was the fall of the Roman Empire due to AGW?
Is it the Sun after all? Does this cold spell track with the Sun or CO2?
how might increases in atmospheric carbondioxide affect global roductivity?
Other than rising sea levels what are the main issues caused by climate change?
How can I connect a solar panel controller/inverter?
im 13 and want know how to masterbate with out a electric saver or toothbrush?
im 13 and want know how to masterbate with out a electric saver or toothbrush?
how to save rain forests?
climate change is it the sun?
Over 2000 cold weather related records broken last week?
How are you at this very moment? =)?
Sea ice at almost records, 5 feet of snow in New York, snow covering 3/4 of the U.S.?
Roman laws stretch over more than a millennium..?
principle of solar electricity?
Does nuclear energy give off carbon dioxide emissions?
What % of total world energy (and in kw) is nuclear energy?
What % of total world energy (and in kw) is nuclear energy?
What are some pictures that I can take myself that will explain global warming?
Why do people assume the inevitability that earth will someday no longer be able to support human life?
How can I recover the lead from PCBs?
I Need an Opinion: Futuristic Transportation?
Is worrying about the environment an elitist concern of the rich and of the developed world?
How much would gas and electric, water and tv licence cost per month?
Hey! Did you see all that Climate Change in Israel? What do you think?
How is all that Global Warming working out for Cairo, Egypt? First snowfall in a hundred years?
What would global temperature be if the Earth's atmosphere is 100% CO2 while keeping air pressure the same?
How many days are in a week?
can someone help me please as soon as possible?
Do you care about global warming?
Which of the following is an example of a long-term climatic change?
If you could bring one person back to life, who would you choose?
Who will be the first denialist to claim that snow in Cairo somehow means there is no global warming?
can we absorb CFCs without releasing to the atmosphere/?
Is it true that if you get lost in a forest and started walking in one direction, you will end up walking in c?
how is the equal per capita approach to climate change?
Can anyone please tell me the truth??? Is Global Warming a hoax or real?
What's worse for the environment: Flying home or central heating?
Rat inside house/cabinets?
What are some effective ways to arrest global warming and rising sea levels?
Do deers attack? And if so how do you protect yourself?
Maybe 1/2 even up against anti-science fake Qs now: What did Milankovich prove that relates to climate?
What is the best way of modelling the long term effect of cloud cover on global climate trends?
How many climate science textbooks has RIchard Lindzen published?
What is the current status of the Kyoto Protocol?
What is the likely ultimate contribution of fracked oil and gas, and tar sands extraction to global CO2?
How stable is the gulf stream?
How significant were the studies of Wallace Broecker in advancing knowledge of climate?
To further even things up: How much worse is global warming now (5th IPCC report) as compared to the 1st?
Cena dumps every possible fake question he can copy paste, so here's a real one: What did Arrhenius prove?
Some wild pigs came to my village, which govt. organization should i contact?
Which is the best way to reuse of waste products?
how to formulate assumptions on climate change?
all living organisms create what waste product when they turn food into energy?????
How can I build a argumentative research paper on green building?
where are the best places in orange county to collect cans/plastic bottles to recycle?
what is the frequency of a photon whose energy is 3.4×10^-19 J?
will inlay sticker affect electric guitar's fretboard or quality of sound?
environmental movement in 1970s?
How are green buildings related to sustainability?
Is it true that as long as we have water vapor in our atmosphere CO2?
There's this science fair experiment which demonstrates adding CO2 to a glass jar increase temperature?
Whats your favorite state?
Rebutal on global poverty and how can i suppor it?
i have a solar and energy efficiency business plan the proposed finanancing is a $25 million loan instrument?
Quantum physics has many theories, very little facts. Quantum physics says CO2, H2O absorb heat and trap heat?
How do you keep a merrige strong?
How often do pauses in global warming happen?
How many years prior to 1996 was the warming not statistically significant?
I dont feel safe at my house?
17 years of no statistically discernable global warming since Kyoto Protocol in 1997 despite record CO2?
What effect does Arctic ice have on our climate?
What gift would an environmental scientist like?
Is there a type of fuel that can be use in diesel and gasoline engines?
Are there any \skeptic\ climate models?
Is the real question whether or not we are in a warming trend or is it whether or not temperature tracks CO2?
Stachybotrys Chartarum growing in my parents bathroom?
how are solar inverters rated?
Evaluate the ways in which BP reduces its energy consumption?
This environmentalist I was arguing with said, CO2 is poison and bad in tiny quantities. Don't believe?
How much did temperature increase due to the heat put into the air by human energy use since pre industrial?
whats a artifact that has to do with nature?
what are the screens called that people change behind?
Electric field related guys plz help me?
Is it legal to keep a large pile of trash in your yard?
Why are threatened or endangered wildlife species rare?
How many total species have gone extinct since 1900?
What is chaparral biome?
how can biodiesel be used as resource?
When making your own biodiesel, can you use any frying oil, or does it need to be vegetable oil?
Enhanced warming due to natural variability (Part II)?
What is an 'ecological baseline'?
Why is it so difficult to predict the future contribution of energy crops to our energy future?
In biomass processing do some crops actually consume more energy than they produce?
Can a parcel of land dedicated to biome thane provide twice the transport energy?
Is there a way to fix the ozone layer?
where can i find some medieval style woods in florida?
What percentage of the U.S. land is used by the oil industry?
What % of deniers who cut-and-paste cherry-picked passages from IPCC have ever read even 0.1% of the reports?
Why is electricity generation so inefficient?
Can I Use a 75 watt equal CF bulb in a fixture rated for a 60 watt incandesent bulb?
How can anyone conclude the IPCC is not a political body?
In effort to reproduce global warming individuals and companies hve been buying __ 2 fund restorative projects?
How can i get into the \Full-Time Work Routine\?
How to design an energy efficent school?
I got this piece of mail and I don't know who is suppose to open it?
If you are an environmentalist, would this decision be enough for you to change your electric service provider?
When you die or lose your job etc., what will happen to your fossil or artifact collection?
Does anyone know of a better graph than this one?
Why is hydraulic fracturing bad for the environment? 10 points to best answer.?
We entered a mini ice age lasting about 300 years of very little solar activity. So why don't AGW ppl say?
What does this saying mean?
how to conserve nuclear energy?
The energy role of a grizzly bear is that of a(n) ____ because it cannot make it's own food.?
what is plate tectonics theory?
What energy source does a hydroelectric plant use to generate electricity?
Is it true that there is only 6 tonnes of Rhodium on earth?
CO2 level at 400 ppm now is the highest in the last several million years. So why is temperature not changed?
Why did President Obama add CO2 to the list of poison gases when CO2 has never been listed as such before?
Beijing and Berlin are 7 C and 5 C on Christmas Day, respectively, all green Christmas. Is this due to global?
Has an anti-science denier of AGW ever made a successful public prediction about the future?
Its going to be 3 degrees F tonight so why should i belive in global warming?
can anyone tell me what this is?
Is CO2 some kind of poison in our atmosphere or is it really food for several micro-organisms?
Other than planting trees and reducing carbon footprint what else can the man on the street do?
Which are the voluntary organizations Working in the U.S during the extreme chill climates to prevent deaths.?
What do you think about the film \ Day after tomorrow \?
Record cold and snow in North America is it news?
I want to start a NGO to work for the Wildlife, can anyone help me with some information on this?
Is global warming theory falsified?
Why did global cooling start?
Does Solar power cause global warming?
When done smoking would it be safe to throw the cigerette in a pile of snow?
do you believe in free energy?
What would happen if CO2 levels were at 1,000 ppm?
Electric Heater won't turn on?
Does Obama care really cause kittens to die? And global warming?
How cold does it have to be for school to close?
How/where to hide money?
Schedule maintainance?
How to make CO2 less polluting?
Correlation and Causation Inconvenient Truth?
Reduce CO2 Pollution?
Can I throw recycle away in a large plastic bag?
How to make CO2 less polluting?
Where is it legal to stargaze?
Could i have a 2 hour delay/Off?
How much would forests have to grow in area to offset future carbon emissions?
Climate change if we are worried about CO2?
how do cells use the energy stored in glucose?
Describe two ways solid waste contributes to pollution. Discuss one way to reduce solid waste.?
what is urban change?
White Mold stuff growing on my wall ...?
Do the global warming whackos still hold to that myth?
What is fog? Serious question?
Has Al Gore paid off 97% of the world's climate scientists and got them all to keep quiet about it?
450 ppm will be breached because fossil fuel use will go up till at least 2035 and it's already 400 ppm?
Why do people say fossil fuel is limited when Earth has a carbon cycle and has virtually unlimited carbon?
Please explain how architecture and urban design are linked into dynamics of urban change and spatial organiza?
why are all the wooden electric poles in Texas bent..? Are they deliberately laid that way..?
Ecological footprint?
Are the anchovies invading and becoming an invasive species?
use the following to answer: methanol, CH3OH (used as racecar fuel)?
How can heat from thermal pollution of power plants be used to benefit us?
How can heat from thermal pollution of power plants be used to benefit us?
Is there a good or bad employment rate for wind energy technology?
facts bout photosynthesis rate?
Suppose you sliced a pie into several pieces. The law of conservation of mass states that ________________.?
Phoenix Islands posionous animals?
Enhanced warming due to natural variability?
Do Internet Sites like this one contribute to global ignorance?
Why can't government ban burning fossil fuels, coal, oil, natural gas, plastic, steel, glass, aluminum,?
if they tell us not to....?
Are recent instrumental temperature records that big of a deal when considering that we could be peaking ...?
Do you think the catastrophic aspect of runaway Global Warming scenario gave too much credence to Science?
What's energy distribution?
What was Arctic sea ice extent in 1972?
I threw a firework and people chased me?
Ok so I know this sounds crazy but I am looking for Someone or someplace that can rent crazy cars such as:?
The moon has no greenhouse gases yet reaches about 100 C during the day, does this mean greenhouse gases cool?
The US had its calmest hurricane season this year over a period of 30 years. Does this mean no global warming?
I'm looking for a work exchange program for an ecovillage such as dancing rabbit?
I'm Hyper Focused of Myself?!?
How long will the oil last?
benefit of sunshine for people?
With LPG now no longer cheaper than petrol in aust what will become of LPG cars?
Can you list some *specific* evidence that, if present, would convince you you were wrong about AGW?
Who would profit most from murdering this poor inventor who made cars run on water as it's only fuel?
Why hasn't solar power become a standard?
Being Energy Smart This Winter?
What are the six forms of energy?
How can food security and climate change be addressed together by adopting practices that are climate smart?
found clearish small worm in bed, what is it?
Could I survive an apocolypse? Long question sorry?
Under CERCLA who can be held responsible for reimbursing the EPA for the costs of cleaning up hazardous waste?
What are the four main provisions of the Endangered Species Act.?
What do you think the wold will be like in 30 years?
Do you guys think that the Australians should allow super trawlers (eg Margiris) to exploit their shores?
College major that can help me protect endangered animals??
time off at work?????
What is the cleanest place to live in the United States? Green living?
Examples of Non Environmentally friendly packaging ?
What year is the future?
How might the lack of genetic diversity found in populations of endangered species hinder their recovery?
How do the choices of people affect whether a society collapses due to environmental damage?
how do you like living in an apartment?
What's the reason of the drought and what are the consequences (natural disaster)?
Question about recycling?
Internet business make land cheap in USA?
Guys, Global Warming Isn't Real?
How can forestry be made more sustainable?
how wind energy affect the environment?
What are green house gases?
Should we limit the amount of drinking water we consume?
Working in Alberta Oilsands?
What are green house gases?
what is garbage??????????????
Are American White Pelicans an endangered species?
What would be the temperature difference between these hypothetical planets?
How scientifically valid is the CAGW position?
Global warming question?
Who is \the public\ and how do they think (and how do skeptics fit in)?
Can the human body use heat energy as a source of energy, is here any evidence of this?
So what are our young people going to believe in after Global warming becomes the so called cold day in hell?
Wt is law of conservation of mass?
role of conservation of nature?
What are the effects of noise pollution on Monuments?
Does milk have electrical energy?
What has the biggest effect on the Troposphere?
Is this the way that greenies attempt to prove their agenda?
If drinking water is so good, why do they add all those awful chemicals?
280ppm versus 400ppm. What is the actual temperature difference in a controlled experiment?
In Fracking why do they use so many different chemicals?
Wouldnt it be nice if climate science could provide a simple experiment about CO2 warming?
What is a interesting attention getter for a persuasive speech on using alternative energy?
Can we judge the state of our human society on basis of the physical state of our environment?
will i have school tomorrow?
Do polar bears face any food shortages?
The best way to provide people with access to forests and forest products would be if a multi-national company?
What is hydrogen made of?
how much can you sell a car that uses V.F.S. (fuel vaporization) technology?
if everyone started using hybrid-electric cars, what would be the amount of greenhouse gases drop be?
how to find out if you have a dangeroys person in your neiberhood?
Question about the marine ecosystem?
super turbo lithium electric scooter?
Is this typical of how the “honest” “skeptics” of YA Global Warming research their “science”?
Is there a simulator that can show how history can change based on the outcome of certain events?
Have the warmunist science deniers of the Church of Climatology been watching to many?
NUCLEAR ENERGY HELP PLEASE?? (ASAP)?
looking for a good idea for a poster on soil conservation.?
!!!LIVE NOW!!!Watch Total Divas Season 1 Episode 13 Online For Free Full TV Show?
I have heard some upsetting news. Advice?
My snook light isnt attracting any fish?
Is Disney's \Frozen\ a UN ploat to make us more accepting of the upcoming Ice Age?
Why a polling organization was hired to find out what the U.S. public thought was causing global warming?
What would be the best renewable energy source for Oregon? Why?
Why is much sea life dying?
Help on my nuclear energy project!!!!?
Will the roads ice over?
What is a alternative energy source?
Socially awkward, welp.?
I need a theme for my project!?
Is global warming exaggerated?
I'm gay,judge me homophobes....!?
Is the anti global warming side the losing side because CO2 emission rate will rise year after year?
What kind of skull is this?
Persuasive paper on global warming...?
how much would it cost to travel 160 miles in a diesel vw jetta?
Steps to going off the grid?
Birds flying around all confused and crazy?
How to become an activist?
need some help concerning mouse traps?
what are the disadvantages of fairtrade?
grant or funding for developement of device to create renewable energy?
causes of deforestation?
who is responsible for environment pollution?
Does europe have green roofs? If not, why?
What is the least used energy source in the UK?
Can you explain how a small forcing matters more than a large feedback?
Has the public heard about the 17yr pause in global warming?
How liberal is ut austin?
How do I sneak out of my house late at night when parents are still awake?
Which will take up more energy?
Which will take up more energy?
Will this increase belief in global warming?
My eyes have changed from blue to green/grey over time, climate related?
How are Meanders useful to humans?
Animal extinction by human actions idea?
I think I have carbon monoxide poisoning?
What material is used for cup Shin ramyun?
Have any government climatologists who endorsed AGW changed their minds after they stop working for the gov?
Ravens and Wolf interactions?
What aspects of american culture lead to environmental crisis of today?
A change in the amount of energy contained in a substance?
Hybrid/Electric vehicles vs. gasoline powered cars.?
Climate change Is the American bald eagle in danger?
Have scientists finally found a use for climate models?
Is the recent Arctic like weather In North America due to a decrease in U.S. CO2 emissions?
Help with two questions about electric vehicles?
Why is clean water so expensive?
I weight 190 & I'm 5'1 need my system cleaned !?
I need help with my project on nuclear energy!?
what adjective would you give carbon dioxide when it pollutes our atmosphere?
Electric- Scooter Ontario?
Things to do when your grounded?
If global warming causes more hurricanes, why did we just have one of the quietest seasons on record?
what is the energy production in dominica?
Do you think/ feel that human behavior is a direct cause of climactic change ?
what does a jungle have? (points earned to the best answer)?
what is high energy electrons?
Is doc huston dead from cars?
so we al now know the problem; the cause as wel as solution, why then not implement it?
I need a documentary on environment...?
Is the emotional attachment to a cause \clouding\ the issue of AGW?
What is the difference between the AGW propaganda and the Ice Age propaganda?
Ways to make my apartment any more energy efficient?
Do you think that cold spell in San Jose was caused by dimming from all that Marijuana smokeing?
How are the arguments of climate science deniers similar or not similar to those of Holocaust deniers?
What is Biomass Briquettes?
Red mailbox arm-swing flappy doodads?
__________ refers to the transformation of marginal lands into near-desert conditions that CANNOT be used for?
Why do people tell people they have a green thumb?
is sapulpa recycling pill bottles?
How do you whisle with your teeth like make it sound like a train or something lol ? ;o?
It's snowing and I'm not use too something?
How many watts will my solar batteries hold?
what are the documents to submit for export liecense?
Are climate change deniers afraid to open their eyes to the actual effects of global warming because?
Green House Gases Truth?
If global warming is caused by carbon dioxide, then why hasn't it occurred for 15 years?
If global warming rate is too fast how did?
global warming question?
Global warming question?
I can never kill a bug, does anyone else feel the same way?
Crush resistant gloves?
I read that throwing food in the trash is bad for the environment cuz it produces (I think it said...) ?
Why will the southern ocean be most affected by global warming?
Is the the rate of change of global warming too fast?
In debt with my energy supplier?
2 simple question points earned to the best answer?
How can an ecosystem balance itself once an alien species is introduced?
If denialists have scientific evidence?
If there ever was a full blown food and population crisis...?
weather 28 degrees in L.A?
I need a good theme about wildlife?
Hey what is a fluorescent lightbulb?
Does anyone have a compendium of past climate predictions?
There's an ice storm in Dallas. How's that global warming treating them?
What can i do to help my schools enviroment?
Whats the reason when i go out?
What are some of the problems associated with burying refrigerant lines.?
If the heat is going into the ocean instead of the atmosphere...?
What is the market penetration percentage of CFL lighting in the US, EU or even the world?
What is the market penetration percentage of LED lighting in the US, EU or even the world?
Seeing as how people are adventurous creatures, should CO2 level be raised to 1,000 ppm then stop because?
Is the climate science data record still intact?
you are an architect what advice on saving energy will you give to a person who wants to construct a building?
how do we count the degradation period of biodegradable food packaging material?
What would you call this Dana Nuccitelli tweet?
Is the Pacific Ocean contaminated by nuclear pollution?
What is an ionisation energy?
Explain two ways in which increasing CO2 emissions and climate change have an impact on ocean acidification.?
how does transpiration in temperate climate takes place?
how does transpiration in tropical climate take place?
Does this mean my shipment will come faster?
Where can I find weather data from the last 10 years in the european countries?
How is that Global Warming working out for California?
What dangerous force of nature do you find the most awe inspiring?
How to remove roaches completely from a bedroom?
Where are some good run down wooden buildings like a barn in Orange County looking for a film location.?
need help with bio please?
Question about the global warming?
Are we being sensible about climate change?
Parenting help please?
Why are my Renology 100w polycrystalline solar panels putting out more power than my Renology 100w mono?
Is there any way to add colour to carbon dioxide to make it visible?
Conservation of Energy?
how do plate tectonics and ocean currents affect regional and global climate?
Can you recycle broken christmas lights?
What affect does deforestation in the Amazon Rainforest have on the united states?
The combustion of 2,3,4-trimethylpentane to CO2 (g) and H2O (g) produces –5069 kJ/mol of energy. What is ?H°f?
EPA refrigerant violation?
how much energy is given off by burning 30.0 grams of ethane?
Is Plastic a Natural Resource?
The US government has over 17.2 trillion dollars of debt, so how it fund for measures that reduce CO2 emission?
Why are piglets body slammed?
Reducing carbon emissions?
Who have you blocked ... and why? Also ... ?
Need help with chemistry Joules and Energy?!?
To what extent does climate change mean a future of disaster for the UK? [6 marks]?
Does It really cost that much to Install solar panels?
Oil spills - which is worse?
My friend can't identify this insect please help us?
Why does this world suck?
What state done earths water change?
Who else has seen a dragon? Both my brother and I have seen dragons.?
How may climate change affect the insurance industry and how may this impact on the wider society?
Mysterious bug bites at night, no sign of bug infestation?
How much fuel will i need to drive 530 miles?
can virtually all species be considered a keystone species?
How would the increasing use of geothermal energy affect the environment?
Why is deforestation bad?
Conflict vs Functionlist perspectives on colony collapse disorder?
so tired? how to gain energy, seriously help me!?
What should i do for my environmental management project?
Would you change the way you heat your home?
Mechanic no longer needed in the world?
More Government-run Climate Science arrogance?
Charcoal as one Electrical Conservation?
Data is piling up. How long before policy catches up with reality?
Can i get a solar panel system w/ battery and plug in my 100% electric car?
Can anyone help with two Feng Shui questions?
What emits more co2 men including fossil fuel or bugs?
Would people ever find out a way to get energy out of dirt or stone?
What would happen if America used only Solar Energy?
Science help??!! Endangered Habitats!!?? 10 points!!?
global warming theories?
solar energy worth to buy?
What are some positive and negative impacts on whaling in the antarctic waters and on the environment?
is a ph change from 8.2 to 8.1 an 25% increase in acidity?
do oysters attach to mangrove trees?
Do you agree with this climate change article?
Describe how wildlife populations can be managed by sports hunting annihilate whose interests are generally...?
Is Climate Change Man's greatest threat?
How do I not get depressed over climate change?
Is improved food production a sign that CO2 is pretty good stuff, after all?
Is antarctica losing ice volume?
I need to get weed out of my system ASAP smoked yesterday what can I do?
What would convince you to switch to renewable energy?
Are alarmists happy that the number of deaths from natural disasters keep going down?
What's the difference between Permitted Development and Granted Development?
Is extreme weather increasing?
I need help with something..?
Heating energy / watt hours from 40 6v, 12AH batteries, how many hours would I get if I used a 1500w heater?
water filter for high sediment water?
Can I hook up a Solar Panel to a car battery? Does it matter the kind of car battery?
why can't we do this?
Pros and cons on reforestation?
I need highly efficient Electric Motor?
treatment of animals! 10 points! qucik q!?
what does 1:00 symbol mean?
why would burning hydrogen cause less pollution than burning fossil fuels?
Can electric cars tow a caravan? if yes what limits there max tow weight?
What is the most used renewable energy in the UK?
Was COP19 about climate or money?
What are some pros and cons of reforestation?
CO2 level only went by some 2.5 ppm compared to last year. Does this mean global warming is no longer possible?
How water produce hydro-electric power?
What do you think of nuclear power plants?
Have you had your dose of kool-aid lately?
Is it true that global warming will cause Chicago and New York to have green Christmas this year?
Which trophic level do cockroaches occupy?
Uses of substance and energy?
what can we do to stop global warming?
Which pet bowl is eco friendlier?
how much solar power do i need for my electronics?
What are some realistic ways to improve energy efficiency in my apartment?
Getting weed out if system?
How to use 100W Solar Panel, V=100V, 1Amp?
I have three weeks until I leave?
Green living website commercial.?
What would this rock be called?
What are these sounds in my neighborhood?
Is it correct to call climate change skeptics?
What are problems and solutions to cutting down trees to stop global warming?
point source vs nonpoint source water pollution?
UAH is down slightly is the pause continuing?
I really care about trees, and was wondering if there is any field of study, or job opportunity?
what is national geographic channel in my area - fort thomas, KY 41075. (time warner)?
Is global warming new or is it a cycle?
How do warm ocean currents affect Climate?
why will citizens of g8 countries be better able to cope with the effects and impacts of climate change?
Is biomass renewable or nonrenewable?
Why isn't AGW not working as expected?
what is energy of solar ?
How can I get more energy ?
Question for all you global warming denialists?
I'm so worried :(?
what laws are there regarding air pollution in asia?
solar panel at 250 w / 36 vdc.?
is oxygen abundant in watet?
Do you remember when and where you first heard someone deny the science of AGW?
When were global average temps last below the 1951-1980 average?
Can a diesel run without electricity?
WHAT IS OXYGEN CARRYING CAPACITY?
I feel like everything around me is alive, is it just me or someone else also feels Dat?
japan use of nuclear energy is about?
Extreme eastern part of asia lies in which hemisphere?
Need to interview a climate change expert!?
why is it good or bad to build nuclear power plants?
what petro geothermal energy and used?
Policies on Pollution and air in the US or California?
How do I properly dispose of caustic lime?
Is it okay for one country to dump wreckage or trash into the sea ...?
How long would it take for an Hydrogen bomb?
How Environmentally-Friendly Are Solar Panels (its manufacturing process)?
EPA reduce the ethanol requirement?
what form of energy of a floor polisher?
Define Endangered species. Explain with an example?
global warming and German Government? good steps, any ideas for further achievements ?
How to give a complaint about the environment pollution?
How much solid waste does the average person dispose of each day?
Who Lives in Maryland?
what are your thoughts on government wanting to kull sharks ?
Will UK winter be the longest ever?
Has science lost it's way?
Does cutting down trees help global warming or does it cause more global warming?
What is going on with German renewable energy?
Is the Antarctic sea ice extent?
Does anyone who dreams about visiting the Philippines?
Explain the details of a plastic’s life when it comes to recycling in relationship to reuse…?
What do you think about my drawing of the orangutans?
Related degrees to Forestry?
Do you know the difference between climatology and astrology?
I live in spain and have solar energy system but the Spanish electricity company fit meters that workboth ways?
how is photosynthesis and respiration related to global warming?
What's wrong with this reasoning about GHG warming?
Should I move to Washington state?
If students spent one month collecting 3,900,000,000 3,800,000,000 grams of aluminum for recycling how much?
If students spent one month collecting 3,900,000,000 3,800,000,000 grams of aluminum for recycling how much?
Examples of mechanical energy?
Did global warming causes Chicago and New York City to have no snow on the ground on Christmas Day?
What's global climate change?
What is the historic temperature trend at Reykjavik, Iceland?
Electric motor above 20 kW?
I think I found all the ice GW folks are missing, what say you?
Wooly Bear Caterpillar Help?
Renewable energy sources advantages and disadvantages?
How is radiant energy related to time?
What is tourism going to be like in the future?
As one moves up the food chain, energy use efficiency:?
In an ecosystem primary producers use light energy to convert ______ and water into ____..?
All gem stones become one or elements become one?
What places have been through massive amounts of Urban Greening?
Can I take a 5 hour energy after taking Zanex?
What is your opinion on the global water crisis?
Do environmental groups like WWF support fracking?
indivisual contribution can save the earth?
Has any ocean fish species gone extinct over the last 200 years?
How to tell difference between organic cotton rope and normal cotton rope?
Does \column\ mean \vertical\ in the following sentence?
Is this a true scientific statement about GHG warming?
how many pencils can be made from one tree?
Perpetual motion & its practical application explained -Sanoy Samuel?
How long will it be before we have climate change enforcers?
Dieter Helm giving advice on shale gas?
ideas for sustainable development in germany?
Is Sam Club gas any good?
What are things you need to look out for when your hiking?
How many trees have been murderred?
Are we heading for a little ice age?
where can I find a recycling center in Orange county CA?
What is the standard Gibbs free energy for the transformation of diamond to graphite at 298 K? Cdiamond?Cgraph?
What factors do scientists believe cause the predictable, long-term climate change cycles of the past?
How does AGW affect global sea ice area?
Seasonal climate changes on the Nile?
How to not go crazy due to the fact that next to no one cares about the environment?!?
What causes hawaiian islands to inflate?
Which cars are cheaper to maintain American cars or foreign cars?
How to not go crazy due to the fact that no one cares about the environment?!?
Does the increase in domestic production of natural gas from tracking reduce our greenhouse gas emissions?
what evidences tell you that a burning firewood is a chemical change?
What are two examples of electric discharge?
why is the potato a great food to farm?
Zoology/Conservation Career Help?
What products and services does Africa sell that is ethically safe?
Who are \climate change supporters\?
Is it possible to change the charging EVs power rate while they are in middle of charging process?
What % of IPCC contributors are professional politicians, and what % are professional scientists?
Looking for respondents to a survey I created for my college class, Research in Outdoor Education?
Climate change supporters would you, if you could abolish?
Why are ants in my room? 15 points to best answer?
What is the local pollution created by derelict land?
Do alarmists really understand the science they always quote?
where to go to find info on mineral deposites?
what are some things solar power?
H2O is a molecule, isn't H2O a compond too?
I was wondering if their are small electric motor about fist size that are very strong and fast?
Who agrees that incandescent lightbulbs are better than CFL's?
I accidentally threw away newspapers into recycling bags that had £5,000 cash inside them. Can I recover them?
would plastic be cheaper?
What do (relative) extremophiles suggest about \warmer is better\?
Please Help with Green Research!!!!!!?
The United States and Renewable Energy?
Please suggest name for business?
EVERY gas in the atmosphere absorbs solar radiation and heats --- agree?
is it possible to realize my dream?
If I physically spun a wind turbine (with my hand) would it generate energy?
What are some examples of sound energy and how?
Can you give one reason as to why you don't believe in CAGW?
How long does the pause have to last until most people stop believing in the CAGW theory?
Can anybody help me with this piece of work. Anything is appreciated?
Please share your thoughts about this planning application, if you have any knowledge anything will help me!!?
How many Universities offer courses in Renewable Energy?
Is it wrong to point out that the fact that AGW deniers are overwhelmingly (low I.Q.) conservatives?
When, dG=dE+PdV+VdP+TdS+SdT, in term of free energy for equilibirum for spontaneous process what next step?
What do you think science deniers or greenies, for that matter, that block answers?
Why have the ocean levels stayed the same so far?
What are some things you would change about the world?
Should members of the Climate Change Cult?
how has the course of yamuna river changed in past and how will it change in future?
Is this the true cost of climate change policies?
in depth meaning of global water crisis?
I have a essay due on Global Warming what are some websites where i can find scientific views from people who?
Do the suns cycles affect Earth's jet streams?
Has Germany woken up about climate change greens?
What kind of stone is this ?
Zombie Apocalypse? Will it ever Happen?
What happens to the bounce houses?
If Yahoo Answers is a \public forum\ why does it allow blocking?
Do you think science deniers that block answers?
Physical terms when speaking about global warming?
Finding Edible Wild Plants?
what is the environment?
Do you think AGW supporters that block answers?
When will it snow in London 2013-2014?
Please help me I am so lost!!?
What should i be when i grow up ?
how does methane gas cause global warming?
If someone has found a substitute for lithium batteries in Electric cars how can he market his invention?
Is it wrong to point out that the fact that AGW deniers are overwhelmingly (low I.Q.) conservatives?
What are some negative effects of green chemistry?
How much fuel is wasted by idling smartphone users?
Does Radiation From A Microwave Alloy Or Mesh With Clothing ?
Do you agree that climate alarmism is based on faith?
marijuana showing up on test?
Why do some people deny climate change is caused in part by the burning of fossil fuels?
which had a lower footprint, home composting or the green bin from the city?
For photovoltaics, why does the p-n junction has to be shallow?
Nearly 1000 Record Low Temperatures Set As Another Round of Arctic Air Forecast To Deep Freeze The U.S.?
Japan PlansTo Provide All The Worlds Energy Using Solar Panels On The Moon Whats Wrong With That?
How to prevent getting static electric shocks?
Need for conservation of monuments.the problems with monuments or in conservation?
Can i recycle my vegetable/soup cans with soda cans?
Is Free energy really possible(cpu fan magnet)?
what is apple's green policy?
Urban Outfitters and Prop 65?
What are good names for a stuffed panda?
climate change lots of U.S. records?
How to make a working model for water sewage treatment plant?
How can I organize a team to clean a old park?
Why do my classmates hate me?
Why are electric kettles so loud?
is 20,000ft a large piece of land?
Economists and scientists have difficulty reaching common terms for solving clean air act renewal issues.?
Are these molds? (Picture included)?
When do farmers harvest corn? What month?
state of industry for Tesla motors?
A wood stove would be an example of ______ transfer of thermal energy?
Info on boarded up building in fleet hampshire?
Some Slaughterhouse are so fked up?
How to moveout after graduation?
Will all the sea life in the Pacific Ocean run out of US coast line from fleeing Fukushima radiation expansing?
Is this safe? Please answer!?
Does the Sun emit any INFRARED radiation and introduce it directly into the top of our atmosphere?
What are the effects of global warming ?
What is ecotourism and green Tourism?
do you think we're causing global warming? if so, why?
Can viscouse be reused or recycled?
Is viscouse a raw material and why?
How have the built environment professionals influenced development in cities?
Do you ever think zombies will be on earth? Why or why not?
Is it arrogant to think that AGW Science is funded by the \free will\ of people?
What is the difference between slim Electric Desk Fan blade over regular blade?
How do you become a game warden?
Toothbrush poll: Do you use a manual or an electric toothbrush?
Oxygen or Hydrogen as fuel?
Are ASHADE GREENER solar panel installations really free?
How can electric fields be minimised by the way electric wires are laid?
What we should or should not do to save mountainsides and rivers ?
why the use of CNG in automobiles has reduced pollution in our cities?
It is posible to run a 10 hp electric car wiht a 7.5 kw genset ?
pick up girl for ride if she flashed u?
what are the effects of greenhouse?
Alternate energy engineering? thoughts about it aand where to study it?
What would I need to live off the grid?
electric cigarettes (I'm using Blu)?
What's the state of Antarctic ice?
survival in the bush questions.?
Why do denialists have such trouble with the concept of complexity?
Perhaps there is no missing heat?
If you put a rock in a fire, what is resposible for the rock getting hot? The rock or the fire?
Am i the only one who walks into a pool or lake on my toes because of the cold water?
What would be the percentage increase of energy production from other energy sources if there are no coal fire?
Does CO2 warmed by convection emit LW radiation?
How many gigatons of carbon dioxide do the oceans release every year?
im writing a research paper on climate change and in need of topics for each of the paragraphs?
Which is better environmentally: organic produce in a plastic bag or loose conventional produce?
What career is this??????
What kind of stone is this?
Might sound stupid but any opinions?
Why should people believe in global warming when climate scientists cannot prove it with evidence?
Why is nucleur energy better than coal?
Can someone with a degree in Wildlife biology work as a Park Ranger?
What is the habitat of the Tropical Rainforest?
Based on what happened in Fukushima, Japan and in Chernobyl?
After turkey gobbling, what is your favorite use or recycling program for the bones?
Can climate scientists do experiments?
does global warming make literally every country warmer, or only certain countries?
If we have electric cars today?
how to connect solar panels off grid ?
10 tips to reduce CO2 emissions?
what are some of the most successful environmental campaigns launched in 2013?
Places where coal energy is used?
Global Warming is going to kill Pacific Economy? What will they think of next?
How do we stop this Methane attack? Shall we tax it?
Eating turkey causes Global Warming? What will they think of next?
why renewable energy is better than fossile fuels?
Instead of using lithium batteries to run an Electric car why not use direct current?
Can anyone explain this?
If our top scientists are afraid to go before Congress, how about one of our resident experts doing it?
fossil fuel consumption by humans? more than or less than 50%?
Our federal government won't go before Congress and account for their actions. What does this tell you?
Isn't Netherlands the country that will be affected by Global Warming the most if it happens countinuously?
Why don't we round up all the homeless people and put them in camps to work at till death.?
What exactly would happen if Arctic ice melted?
What is the state of Antarctic ice?
Do we understand the interplay between CO2 in the atmosphere and the oceans?
What kind of bush is this?
Can anyone tell me what kind of bug this is?
Why are used electric and hybrid cars so cheap? Are the batteries bad and in need of replacement?
What are the expected consequences of Global Warming in Bangladesh?
What 2 Factors Influence Edmonton's Climate?
i keep having a dream where my hearing is muffled and my vision spins in a spiral and i cant move any one know?
what can 90 watts solar panel supply?
What 2 Factors Affect Toronto's Climate?
50 mil. Years ago, what climate would London (UK) have causing which animals to live there?
Where can I find water quality data for the U.S or nationwide?
Do you disagree with any of these AGW statements?
CO2 has NEVER driven temperature in the past, why do you think it does now?
what will happen to pH of ocean as excess CO2 gets dumped?
Are you going vegan because Al Gore did?
What causes Global average temperatures to decrease so drastically if CO2 is considered a forcing?
What are your opinions on earth's climate change and how it can affect the evolution of biodiversity?
which plants produce oxygen in night?
What does a funfair smell of?
Would you recommend power and speed petrol for new engines and cars?
How does extreme heat affect travel?
what is your fav state?
When people talk about what they think the future will be like they talk about peace green energy ?
Have you got a electric blanket?
Burning different fuels???????????
Are Chinas energy progams more advanced?
Can I crush my cans and still turn them in for money???
Are Chinas claims of cutting emissions real?
Will climate change damage agriculture?
How to get rid of slight spider invasion?
Which is NOT a food material normally used / broken down to yield energy:?
my roommates are idiots about saving electricity?
company shut down still under warranty please help solar panels?
How do I get home? I have no clue as to where I am.?
What is a good research question about green building?
If the US stopped emitting CO2, would we get global cooling?
Can you put weed in a Cloud vaporizer pen 2.0?
what order to read an electric meter?
what order to read a electric meter?
where are self service recycle machines in coastal orange county?
Is there a place you can live in the middle of nowhere?
Is using a new energy source is a good idea?
where can I find a portable solar powered water purifier?
Which of the following are true about global environmental change?
PA Highschool Recycling Laws/Programs?
Economical and Financial Collapse, Preparation?
What are International Pressure groups?
what is causing all the recent sinkholes?
How many rocks have you been attacked by?
Can we introduce leopards and wolves in england?
I am thinking of swapping Energy supply to First Utility anyone got any positive or negative comments on them?
How many layers do YOU wear in the 30s,early 40s or late 20s?
Why aren't nuclear plants required to disclose how and where they will dispose of nuclear waste?
how we use forestry on a daily basis?
which is the purest form of energy?
What do people in other countries think of England?
Sources for global warming?
What can I work as, if I study sustainable and renewable energy in the university ?
What is the differences in climate on the east coast and united states?
Into what other forms of energy do plats change radiant energy?
what are the effecs of forest conservation?
How can i stop getting electric shocks from everything?
What do \you can keep your plan\ and \Climate Change\ have in common?
PLEASE HELP! At 1 atm, how much energy is required to heat 81.0 g of H20 at -24 degrees C to H20 at...?
Sports park with solar flood lights?
At 1 atm, how much energy is required to heat 81.0 g of H20 at -24 degrees C to H20 at 165 degrees C?
Sports parks with SOLAR FLOOD LIGHTS?
If co2 traps heat why hasn't Venus melted or exploded yet?
Well now, how long did it take for yahoo to drop the global warming section for a climate change section?
Is it the sun? Is the unusually low sunspot activity of SC 24 responsible for the current pause in warming?
How to change the world?
Can you help me pin down an AGW analogy?
What is the connection between the recycling numbers and the polymers and or the letters printed on items?
Why, after a uranium fuel rod reaches the end of its fuel cycle (typically 3 years)....? does most of its ene?
Given the pause in temperatures, should the IPCC estimate of climate sensitivity be adjusted?
Is my wife verbally abusive towards other women?
How much fuel would a 4WD use for every 10 Kilometres?
What happened to the solar wind?
Can a residential trash compactor be used to crush only aluminum cans?
How would I use the energy from a generator from a windmill to power a common household appliance?
Science paragraph connecting random things in the ecoystem? 10 POINTS HELP PLEASE!!?
Is there argument over global warming veracity?
How much carbon does a forest hold?
What do you feel like when your high?
If gasoline was on concrete how long would it take to dry up? And if it drys up would it still be dangerous?
What are some nice things can i buy at walmart for 5 dollars or less?
what are very clever ideas of recycling?
Is there any commercial center that allows movie shooting in montreal?
What job can I have to help protect our planet?
In the future, will hydrogen fuel cell and electric vehicles coexist?
What percentage of biomass energy is used in the USA?
Which of the following species contains a triple bond?
Protecting the environment?
help! burial question?
Half Reactions/Equations?OH- --> O2+ ?H2O + ?e-?
Does Babcock and Wilcox have an environmental conscience?
What do energy, carbon dioxide, and ecological footprint have in common?
power metter working principle?
are there any fruit in the amazon rainforest?
What am i going on about?
Who are the Moon hoaxers?
I cannot sleep at night. I am afraid of the dark?
About how many kWh would it take to run a 1500sq ft resturant per hour?
About how many kWh would it take to run a 1500sq ft resturant per hour?
What career/Job is it called when you study weather?
Is it the Sun? For Y!A advisors, this is a proper question in a question format.?
Do you see the beauty of the Earth?
What is your opinion of The Capital Weather Gang?
Am I weird for being like this?
how many types of energy meter?
is duke energy my only option for electricity?
Is it possible for a gas to absorb solar radiation and NOT heat?
Can the planting of mass trees reverse global warming?
Electric Shock - how it happnes?
What the hell is this bug?
can everyone report this page on instagram its a hate page..?
Do low-flow showers actually save water?
My \friend\ gave me fake weed?
how do you shrink a doffleganker (best answer for 1st answerer)?
If the Earths atmosphere was twice as thick?
What would you do if you saw a carnivorous dinosaur that was 160 feet (48.7m) long and 52 feet (15.8m) tall?
I think there is a spider under my bed?
Why do you have more energy when certain people are around?
What is an example of Natural Capital in the coniferous forest?
If there is no change in an indicator?
My dad has an old mindset? Won't Recycle ect.?
What are these containers called (picture)?
Can biofuel from algae destroy your engine.?
What is this plant I found in my yard?
Why should we care about the environmental in our daily lives?
why is sunbathing good for you?
Who can help Identify Rodent or Amphibian Droppings? Any pest control people or wildlife people would be great?
Is urban sprawl the same as urbanization?
during all energy conversion, somo of the energy is conver to ?
Does CO2 DRIVE temperature -- or -- FOLLOW temperature?
How much pollution does launching a rocket cause?
How to fall asleep fast?
Shouldn't environmentalists be trying to stop Al Gore?
Is there any way to practically stop Global Warming?
what do you believe causes global warming ? Do you think it's all human's fault ?
Reduce the use of plastic.?
how efficient is geothermal energy as a percentage?
how are we trying to save the amazon rainforest?
what are the three colours of a electric equipment?
why is tram important to our environment?
how is dilma rousseff affected by the destruction of the amazon rainforest?
how much oil is used in cars UK?
Are green anacondas invading the Everglades?
If you saw a dying animal in the wild, would you put it out of its misery or choose not to interfere?
Is there any possible paper round at 2:00am in the morning?
can u delete a question you have asked before?
ideas to make a ppt on green living?
What would happen if oil and gas start to run out?
Should we manage to protect the existing coastal landscape or should we allow the action of wind and water to?
Environmental science questions! Please help explain.?
Are cemeteries naturally colder than other places?
What is the need to rehabilitate the environment?
Coldest game in Iowa Hawkeye's football history...hey how's that global warming going?
WHAT ARE THESE BROWN STICKS WITH GREEN ON THE TOP??? HELP!!!!?
How to move out at 19?
Solar power system Grid Tie?
What is the process of cleaning up a lake and how much does it cost?
When is it going to snow?
Are there any good books out there on global warming and climate change denial?
Climate change data they dont want to admit?
are these more absurb climate change claims?
what are some systems that are in trouble?
Can I buy a mug that is literally made from a tree/wood?
Save energy product idea for school work. Please help :-)?
what are some eco systems that are endangered?
how could oil and energy be related to civics?
Does having all central heating radiators on in the house cost the same as having one radiator on?
Which is better for running in the woods? Nitro or electric?
Car fuel math question?
Two ways in which the impacts of droughts are more severe in Ledcs than in Medcs?
when will we see antigravity vehicles to replace cars?
plastic clothespin are they recyclable?
Another way of looking at Global Warming versus Global Cooling?
Were the Dinosaurs killed by Climate Change?
Are climate models the ultimate example of \Garbage in, garbage out\ there is?
Why would anyone be against renewable energy?
When I go take cans back at the recycle center....?
Do you think rich countries should pay CAGW reparations to poor countries?
Where is the evidence that human activity has caused any Global Warming?
does octane boosters really work ?
Does anyone know can metal foils like aluminum foils be recycled?
Are Stadiums and Ski Resorts going by the wayside due to Climate Change?
Do cemeteries ever get built on or bulldozed??
Wildlife internship that leads to job?
Solar Oven? What type of glass should I use?
How to make ink from highlighter and ballpen reusable again once the ink from each of them dries up?
How much of the Earth’s average surface temperature is provided by the Greenhouse Effect?
i hate being in groups, is there something wrong with me?
How is that Global Warming working out for California?
How can you order a whitton libary card from online?
How can I escape home forever?
Small Portable Solar panel help?
What bug is this? please answer?
Is this another absurd climate change claim?
Small Portable Solar panel help?
How many fish oil pills can one fish make?
Emergency survival kit- food and water?
Has global warming started?
Does global warming affect winter?
What is the rain-fly for Dell Energy Backpacks used for?
what is biodiversity?
Why are the Chinese so obsessed with getting hard-on's from endangered species?
Is this how fossil fuels saved humanity?
Is sea level rise accelerating?
Paper or Plastic ? Which is better?
where can you find lime stone or other cool rocks?
how has global climate change affected earth's system and it inhabitants?
how does an ocean affect the climate of adjacent land?
If the Economist tracks greenhouse gasses?
Does the Black Forest still have acid rain?
How to moveout at 18?
why is per capita carbon emissions measures important?
How can I get my tenants to make their recycling neat and clean?
When do you think it will snow in the UK?
global warming theories?
Do greenhouse gases absorb energy from the Sun or from Earth?
Why do disposable things cost so much if they're going to be thrown away anyway?
Environmental concerns?
What atmospheric gas does NOT absorb solar radiation?
Is EDF Energy any good re their current offer?
Need help with wildlife and animal biology report?
what can i rebutal about climate change?
what are some things i can dipute about climate change?
Arctic warming and global surface temperatures?
Can you face your own risk fallacies regarding your opinion on AGW?
Does shortwave solar radiation contain more energy than longwave (infrared) radiation?
What is the procedure to get LEED certification ?
Why oil sand a bad thing for the environment ?
i am really confused, is global warming really happening?
effects of climate change?
The other day I was watching a documentary on people who live in the middle of nowhere in Alaska.?
Help with an assignment?
higher energy cost are better than hydraulic fracturing ?
how to make out that i am a superhero or not?
How is eDNA useful in compiling biodiversity inventories?
Who is actually saying that Typhoon Haiyan was the strongest in recorded history?
Why is my energy higher this month?
My friend said this. Is it true?!?
what do this dream mean that i had?
How do I protect my cars from squirrels ?. They are eating / chewing electric wires in two cars in two weeks.?
Global Warming-exist or no?
Physics: simple energy conservation question, 10 points!?
please read this is very important?
Eukaryotic plant and animal cells have many same organelles,but how do these cells differ?
Does anyone think they can help me?
If you could chane one thing about the world what would it be?
How to make wax at home?
Solutions to global warming?
32 Kelvin, Meaningless or Most Important?
Did CO2 kill the golden toad?
What will happen if no action is taken to reduce human impact on global warming?
how could i handle moving to a new place,new home,and new friends ? I'm really scared.?
What is happening? (Urgent!)?
Is this an example of positive or negative feedback?
What makes the forest look so good?
What are flood seals for nuclear power plants?
What energy changes take place in a fossil fuel power station?
Would a 20 watt solar panel be enough to power my 250 watt incadescant heat bulb for my chickens in the shed?
Why do people think global warming is a scam?
Does Oxygen absorb solar radiation?
the equation to measure the amount of energy it takes to create a thought?
Why are clouds a feedback?
What would be an easy and quick project that converts chemical energy into thermal energy?
Why are clouds, basically water vapor a forcing?
Are clouds a forcing or a feedback?
How to get rid or recycle old laptop?
my land rover discovery td5 electric fan doesn't work?
Is an Agriculture degree a strong degree for Conservation jobs?
Problem With Disposing Used Motor Oil In Local Stream?
Can anyone think of problems in the kitchen?
Electric engines in classic vehicles.?
Why did the Greens group walk out of the climate change talks in Warsaw ?
what does area of dispersion mean in market aspect?
Meaningful memes/ideas to be put in MacDonald based on saving energy?
Any thoughts on the \taxonomy\ of denialist arguments?
H2O wireless $20, 5c per minute.?
Do ‘Non-Greenhouse Gases’ provide about EIGHT times more warming to the atmosphere than Greenhouse Gases?
What evidence is there that sea level rise is accelerating?
Why is the air temperature extremely variable and hard to \pin down\?
What does MET office stand for?
Which carbohydrate can be used by the body as an immediate source of energy?
Which food item is a source of long-term energy?
Find it's Mechanical Energy?
I wonder if anyone has turned a regular car into an electric car themselves?
applications of mathematics in environmental sciences?
how to save water economically?
when will be result of recent LET?
Why do climate change folks gang report anything that goes against their warped views?
conservation in the deep sea....?
Is global climate change and climate change the same?
What in the bloody hell is a Clape!?
What are the effects on global warming in German?
What are some mistakes made by specific climate scientists?
Is climate science improved by the work of Patrick Michaels?
Law of energy conservation exist.....but still energy crises why..?
Using the information below, what is the energy (in J) per photon? What is the energy per mole of photons?
What energy efficiency does garbage have according to industry?
could recycling cans bottles and paper promotes sustainability?
In Hydropower, what different forms does energy take on to become electricity? And in what order?
how is solar energy used?
Plants and photosynthesis books help :( please?
Environmental policies in the oil industry?
chemicals in a sentence?
If climate change is happening why are we having?
Climate change. Have western developed countries painted themselves into a corner?
How am I ignorant for not agreeing with you?
Alternative keychain to the Keyport Slide?
Ozone concentration ambient levels of 38 parts per billion up to 200?
How much do low flow shower heads save?
Should the UK be proud of it's Carbon emission levels?
How to find shelter and food in homeless situation?
With honest calculations, how long can we go before the environment becomes a catastrophe?
Should underdeveloped countries be compensated by the U.S. and other nations for the effects of Climate Change?
What is the energy change likely to occur in a T.V?
Is Climate Change Real?
I want to go to a college with NO WIFI cause wifi makes me sick. Does a college without wifi exist in the USA?
how to convince your parents to help out people affected by this week's storm?
What is the deal with alternative fuel vehicles?
Ozone question! I need at least 20 characters?
Licensing, laws, codes, and how to do something under the radar?
Which state uses and produces the most solar energi?
how would you lower the temperature inside a glass bowl without removing any of the air?
where can i buy extra long rubber gloves?
How close are we to having cars that run on water out on the market?
how many percent of ETHANOL in Super unleaded?
Ratio of moles H2O produced to moles BaCl2 produced?
Where do we get Hydrogen fuel from in sufficient quantities to supply automotive needs?
What sorts of things would one learn at a wastewater management facility?
If Maxx already \knows\ the answer to his question, why is he asking it again?
why are answers to how many african elephants are there 7years out of date? what about NOW , how many.......?
Why is Steve McIntyre picking up so many errors in climate studies?
ECOLOGY: what can each one of us do to stop the destruction of our planet?
how is the climate changing ?
Global Warming - Europe Freezes Over?
Explain in detail how global warming could potentially cause Europe to undergo a deep freeze while the rest of?
Pls answer the following questions?
How long until I am clean?
What would average global surface temperature be without any Greenhouse Gases and thus, no Greenhouse Effect?
Are temperatures above or below modeled projections?
What are they top 5 properties of soil?
Does hydropower affect wildlife? if so, how?
why is it hawkins texas does not have anything fun?
why is it hawkins texas does not have anything fun?
What are the advantages of renewable energy and atom energy?
Why are glaciers retreating?
Does anyone remember when the greenies were in Death Valley hoping for a new record and frying eggs?
should america expand solar energy?
What are some places with the same climate as Canberra?
How Produce Oxygen Gas with Plants?
Don't the English have windows?
What Household products contain these ingredients?
what are the phone tower fake tree needles made from?
Why is the Mediterranean water more dense than the Atlantic Ocean?
Is there anything that man made Global Warming ISN'T responsible for?
Which do you think is more efficient in getting all of the energy out of the prey?
What are some solutions for the drought(s) in the prairies?
What do you think about climate change?
Do you know the development trend of Zhaoyang Explosion-proof Electric Heater?
What animals to avoid?
Work/Energy Physics help pls?
Yesterday at my house a thermometer broked and the mercury got seperated?
Solar energy. What are the prospects for its future use?
Do we actually need oil?
I cant pronounce words properly :(?
Does Burlington, Ontario Canada have a continental or maritime climate?
Has climate change seriously damaged science credibility?
Lion, King of the \jungle\?
What are the benefits or pros of regulating coal fired power stations emissions?
Is the Arctic is warming up?
Is this damp in my room? (Pic)?
AGAINST water conservation in Texas?
What really happens when a landfill closes?
Is wind energy expensive and is it efficient?
What is some way that the American government could improve resource management or improve the environment?
Are there any reasons for the GW hiatus?
What's your local wether like?
How is ICT used in manufactering cars?
How many trees would have to be cut to make an average pad of a4 paper?
PLEASE help !!! What is a tree that is meaningful?
How do I get my 27-year-old roommate to recycle?
How many trees would have to be cut down to make 2500 sheets of standard a4 white paper?
A disadvantage of solar energy is the need for _____.?
difference between weather and climate?
Ill effects of deforestation?
how much does it cost to power a wind power plant?
Does an oven that heats up slow take more energy than one that heats up fast?
why do people still believe global warming is a fiction?
Is calling somebody a \denier\ legitimate according to the Oxford Dictionary?
while a sample of liquid is freezing its kenetic energy increases or decreases?
This man just shouted at me?
What's an easy way to clean bones?
would you recycle if you got a good reward?
What's up with global warming these days?
Who gets invited to speak and hold press conferences at climate talks?
Do you agree that Water Vapor absorbs FAR MORE solar energy than CO2 on a molecule to molecule basis?
why is hydrogen used to make methanol?
What subject should I do well in to work with an endangered species?
Can you destroy a real pearl by burning it?
what is tell-tale signs?
Can you tell the differences between these AGW statements?
What to say people who throw garbage?
What are the top hunting conservation programs?
Do you think the fire fighters in NSW, Australia, are heroes?
What are those vapor electric cigarettes called?
Would I say \Russian Thistle\ or \Russian thistle\?
Is there a scientific basis or the Gore Effect?
how can I be a nature guide?
What is this buillding called?
GLOBAL WARMING CAUSE ...?
How much energy does does emergency lights?
Is environmentalism similar with environmental science?
Maintenance Cost: $0.045 to 0.075/ mile for electric; $0.185/ mile for diesel?
What do you thinks is going to happen to UK's electricity?
(Global Warming) How could temperature rise occur before Co2 level rises?
If US oil production is up and now exceeds imports?
Can you see a threstle if you see a animal or bug die?
What do you think the future will be like (READ DESCRIPTION FIRST)?
Have alarmist climate scientists abused the public trust and inflicted serious damage on science?
How does global Warming effects our environment?
Why have hybrid electric vehicles becomes popular faster than other types of hybrid vehicles or electric...?
Energy efficient electric cookers?
What technology would work in 150 years? (Untouched)?
What are some \unusual / uncommon\ water-conserving ideas?
What is a falling limb in hydrographs?
How do human activities contribute to global warming?
what are the solutions to contour ploughing?
How much will an electric car raise my power bill?
Is There a Tipping Point?
Why would oak trees support 20 times more species than plantations of imported conifers.?
Do you think this a good idea for generating renweable energy for the future?
What are the effects of energy crisis?
How can we reach a state of energy sustainability?
How can we improve efficient energy use at home and work?
what is the best organization that helps endangered wildlife to donate to?
History of PV panel prices (per watt) ?
What went wrong with the mars climate orbiter?
Environmental science,,, so many graduates?
Antelope Valley, California... Is it really that bad?
Why are uk politicians so infatuated with climate change?
Has any country experienced serious problems with radioactive waste from nuclear power production?
An electron falls from n=4 level to a lower energy level and releases a photon with 4.088x10^-19 J of energy..?
Both O2 and CO2 absorb solar radiation, one is a Greenhouse Gas, the other is not --- Why?
Is it possible to make briquettes without Chemical?
Please fix my essay! 5 stars for you?
College Major for a career in Alternative Fuel Sources?
Would more ice or less ice be better for polar bears?
Does water quality degradation have to be the inevitable consequence of development?
How could water quality be protected as part of a dam project?
What caused previous climate changes, and are those things happening now?
Are there any gas/electric powered vehicles I can ride in long island without a license?
Will rich nations pay up for climate change?
The economics of climate change policies?
Do you think it could be a hard winter for Europe if this happens?
30 positive and negative facts about global warming?
How does climate influence food production?
Is your house underwater on this map?
Are bio-fuels an environmental disaster?
how do you get food coloring off your fingers?
Should governments be encouraged to adopt stricter environmental laws?
My neighbors smoke a lot?
How to test biofuel efficiency?
Do you think Japan should abandon nuclear energy?
Is this statement by Maxx a lie?
How much energy is needed to heat 87.0 g of H2O(s) by 14.0 °C if its specific heat is 2.087 J/(g·°C)?
Environmental Survey 5 Short Questions?
I had a dream of the world ending?
Anyone know jokes about fossil fuels or unlimited resources?
Would you share your internet with your friends?
what is yahoo answer?
A photon has a wavelength of 6 x 10-12 meters. What is this photon’s frequency and energy?
is climate change considered ecology?
How to wire batteries in parallel with four terminals for solar setup? Green Living?
please help with my climate homework?
What are some good things about fossil fuels?
Why do they say not to take shelter from a tonado under an underpass?
Need more info for this wasp!!?
climate sensitivity homework?
What are some renewable energy sources Use to design a car that operates entirely environmentally friendly?
A photon has a wavelength of 6x10 to the -12 meters. What is this photons frequency and energy?
Where to find Mushrooms & Fungi in a Forest?
Javex to save water for the environment's sake?
What are some careers that involve conservation and helping animals?
IF a meta bar is hot at on end and cold at the other end ,in which direction does the energy flow?
is it better to drink from lotic or lentic waters?
If i fart into a bush would if be better for the environment?
Start Riley Cooper over AJ Green?
Would global warming FIRST have to exist before Typhoon Haiyan could be linked to man-made Global Warming?
why are there no titanic creatures that walk the land in nature today?
Does this sound like global warming?
why is hydrogen fuel cell technology not viable?
What has been the most destructive policy pushed by environmentalists?
Does the keeling curve fits into a similar cycle of CO2 concentration last 420000 years?
Why should we save wildlife?
Hypothetically speaking... How and how long could me and my dogs survive in the wild?
in whilch from energy stored in the body?
What Formula that follows weather change in a period of 1 year?
Would more heat cause more water to evaporate even WITHOUT CO2?
How do Sikhs view global climate change? How is this affected by their beliefs and values?
Is it allowed to make a noise on a Sunday. I am constructing a small extension?
Just what decade did man made global warming start?
Can anyone prove that AGW is not a scam?
meaningful memes/ideas to be put in MacDonald based on saving energy?
Identify the incorrect statement describing The Endangered Species Act:?
breville electric kettle wont work?
Ways to clean up America and fix are problems?
Hydrogen Fuel Cell versus Gasoline I.C.E.?
things that you can easily do to conserve energy with your car and home?
Cool books about alternative energy?
are there white gorrilas?
Why do we need fuel at all?
small towns similar to Forks?
Why is hydroelectricity used most in Canada?
Setting up a dog grooming shed?
When does winter start in the uk?
Shouldnt members of the Global Warming Cult?
What is the strongest storm ever?
what is the strongest storm ever?
Making a MLA Paper bout Coral Reefs and...?
how do i get flies away?
Why do tree huggers only complain about SUVs and trucks?
what is the energy transformation in a hydropower plant?
Question about health of creek?
Easy solar energy activities?
Is It Actually Possible To Prevent Global Warming?
Do you think we will ever reverse the damage done to our ozone?
Technologize everything to prevent global warming? Your thoughts?
Which stage or stages of translation require energy?
can i use solar panel dirict withe out battry?
Bug collection gone wrong?
What are regulations for having fish in an AQUAPONICS system . I DO NOT WISH TO SELL?
arctic fox fursona name for me?
Can rubber tree plants get struck by lightening?
carnival games based on energy saving?
Prizes to give away for tap vs. bottled water?
Can you explain how CO2 is both a feedback and a forcing, with analogies/simple terms?
Positive and negatives of water transfer?
What are the rights of an elderly person in a care home?
from where we are getting cosmic energy?
from where we are getting cosmic energy?
How is my electric bill so high?!?
What can you tell me about the Anthropomorphic Global Warming?
Was Haiyan really the Strongest Storm Ever, as Warmists tried to claim?
Is climate science improved by the work of skeptic Roy Spencer?
when selling your home electric safety certificate said wiring old but nothing else what does this mean?
Does running a long cold shower use up much electricity?
What heats the atmosphere more, a single molecule of CO2 -- or -- a single molecule of Water Vapor?
Where can I find Magic Mushrooms near London?
What is Global Warming ?
Mighty hi-tec Japan is returning to fossil fuels.?
How has insulation, the motor, cogeneration,sustainable energy sources improved our lives?
forest is the lungs of earth.discuss?
What is this? Its been REALLY bugging me? (a bit gross looking)?
Going hunting with my boyfriend for the first time and I don't know what to do?
world hunger question?
How much do Safety Specialist Make in Kansas City?
Climate change and UK cloud cover?
If I smoke the leaves from a tea bag can I can I consume tar in my lungs or can I get addicted to it ?
A big picture look at the climate change pause?
didnt know my daughter broke a CFL light bulb?
Climate Change Memes?
places similar to heifer international?
How can we reach a state of energy sustainability?
How can we further improve efficient energy use at home and at work?
Keystone species and Population Growth?
what is the best way to supply air?
If I like my climate, can I keep it?
Is it possible for the public to protect themselves for AGW misinformation?
What are the drawbacks of wind power?
Its late night here in India.What about there?
How many false paradigms can you name?
Without cars would the world be a better place?
In which countries most in demand solar panels and wind turbines.?
Enviromental Science Flawed Reasoning?
Different factors controlling vegetation like climate terrain soil etc in detail pls give your sources?
What are the adavatages and disadvantages of using borewell water?
What is this new temperature homogenization method?
what are things you can argue about global warming?
an argumentative thesis for global warming research paper?
helping the homeless advice??
Who's running the show?
are there any regulations on smoke pollution from wood burning stoves in Suffolk county NY?
What could be a funny Research Paper title for alternate energy sources?
whats with all the chemtrails??
Is an electric fireplace safe around oxygen.?
what is electric byke..is it better then petrol..and what is battery life and cost?
people rummiging in my paper bin?
I fell for the hyper fuel 9x scam and the elvate gf?
I want to make a working model on disasters. Pls suggest me sum topics with materials required and full proced?
Can you find scrap metal recycling centers in the 89106 area?
Where is the proof that climate change?
Help I'm really concerned about this?
I don't know how to make a difference.?
how to make water conservation project for 3 rd standard?
How much coal, natural gas, or petroleum is used to generate a kilowatt-hour of electricity?
What are some flaws with the animal defense league of arizona?
Is there a way for us to harvest potential energy?
i need to know who live in my home in 1945?
What does #peep mean?
If i drop a small hair strands on the ground outside will it stay there forever?
Will plants grow without water in an atmosphere rich in carbon dioxide?
Maybe the heat is in the deep oceans afterall. Can anyone explain this?
Is deforestation being somewhat offset?
What is wrong with this greenhouse gas pie graph?
The warming effect of CO2?
pollution in the air?
How does global warming affect Sea Anemones?
What are some things I should invest time in as a conservation major?
How do you get on apple?
how is global warming affecting penguins habitats?
What causes the emission of radiant energy that produces characteristic spectral lines?
is satan on the back of a two dollar bill?
how are polar bears and penguins losing their habitat because of global warming?
What are the major types of coal!? Questions on coal. Please help?
explain that macromolecules such as lipids contain high energy bonds?
While it ever end?!?!?
should i agree to that rainforest has nothing to do with me?
What does Dominion power charge for ?
Can you feel the outrage building?
what kind of gas mask is good for smog?
In what way do each of the five main fin types help fish swim?
List the four type of known energy reserves found in Saskatchewan?
Do these statements against man-made climate change have any value?
Do charts like this prove were leaving interglacial period and entering ice age?
When do you think we'll beat '98 with a La Nina year?
How to tell my roomates to stop smoking inside the apartment?
If the atmosphere were thicker would it mean Earth would be warmer?
whats worse global warming or fraking?
Does the AGW theory need to break the laws of physics to be wrong?
Hey just wondering your thoughts on repair?
Why must we use carbon based fuels knowing how toxic they are?
Questions on global warming?
What's better for conserving fuel?
Are tide gauges or satellites considered more accurate for measuring sea level rise?
Do Bio-Mass burners cause pollution ?
Summarize an argument, based on scientific reasoning, of attributing climate change to human activities.?
Why the fascination with climate models?
Doing a presentation on WATER CONSERVATION, which points should I put?
essay topic about electric cars in the usa any ideas?
Questionnaire for people passionate about wildlife?
Should there be a law where all plastic has to be recycled?
who in the uk buys used glass bottles?
 Does the hydrogen generator cause any short or long term harm to my engine?
What are Five Issues of Public Concern that may affect the ICT Industry?
is damming the amazon good or bad?
What type if process is composting refers to as?
What is Bio fuel used for in day to day life?
Car electric chip............?
how much does it cost to use flood lights on a field?
how much energy do flood lights use?
What is a salvia trip like?
What would the ecosystem of a california condor be?
another solar question battery?
natural disasters and human activities research paper?
solar panel connection to charge inverter battery?
Climate-change scientists kill world's oldest animal?
Environmental science help?
How much does it cost to run an electric stove (one burner) per hour appx?
How much does it cost to run an electric stove (one burner) per hour appx?
Is nuclear power the best way to go to reduce global warming and dependence on fossil fuels?
where are some cold places to live?
environmental crimes?
HELP ! does anyone know the climate of ancient mali ?
Ways to Help Save the Colorado River?
energy in the form of motion is pontential energy?
Im moving to the ghetto, need advice.?
What is the radiation balance of the Earth?
Does an electric hot plate emit carbon monoxide?
Ever since I discontinued taking Adderall, I stopped having energy.help?
Express your opinion on endangered species?..?
ways the natural environment affects humans?
Climate change supporters can I ask a theoretical question?
What are the differences in climate between Cambridge and Glasgow in the UK?
What type of flower is this?
Typhoon Haiyan - Global Warming ? World Becoming Volotile ?
Name the tree which gives us oxygen 24hrs?
using a climate sensitivity of 0.5K per watt per square meter, estimate how much of the .9 c global temperat?
Under Global climate change, is the earth getting warmer or cooler?
Increased interaction between nations through globalization must be a good thing”. DO you agree? Why?
Who are most prominent global warming skeptics?
What are some mistakes made by global warming skeptics?
I am giving a persuasive speech over the dangers of aerosol hairspray and products next week?
Environmental Science Help?
What are the socio-economic importance of rivers in Ghana?
Which people's death would make the world a better place in your opinion?
This guy keeps farting?
global warming question?
What is the country with the worst recycling systems and the country with most landfills?
using a climate sensitivity of 0.5 kg per watt per square meter, estimate how much of the .9 c global temperat?
if the typhoon haiyan is the answer whats your question?
if the typhoon haiyan is the answer whats your question?
Future in Reomte sensing Application in Climate Change.Be kind to clear my head of the confusion.?
I have a strange white rock thingy?
what form of energy is radio playing?
wwhat form of energy is lighting a candle?
solar power battery question?
Why is it important to save the Egyptian Tortoise?
PRECAUTION THAT SHOULD TAKE WHILE USING CNG FUEL IN VEHICLES?
Climate change, who is guilty?
What is the pickup day for Escondido Disposal Recycling?
Because in Brazil people are so racist?
Are developed nations being refereed as north these days ? which countries exactly are people referring to ?
More than 90 percent of all organisms that have ever lived on Earth are extinct. Global Warming?
Physics potential/kinetic energy question?
Physics potential/kinetic energy question?
Where can/can't I make a fire?
What is the situation with Tony Abbot wanting to mine in The Great Barrier Reef?
Is it possible to start a private solar panel, wind turbine, or geothermal energy farm?
Does it matter if Recyclables are bagged?
The Effect of Deep-Sea Drilling?
Does not recycling affect the water supply?
Since warm water rises and cold water sinks, how did the “missing heat” sink into the deep oceans as claimed?
Clonazepam draining my energy?
what are some natural causes that have effected earths climate?
calculate the standard change in enthalpy for the melting of ice?
I am planning to convert my conventional electric supply to solar energy?
How come the amount of CO2 added to the atmosphere each year does not change?
Orginisations that donate money ?!?
If I'm generating 2x as much solar power as I need, what's the best way to utilize the excess energy?
Is the IPCC planning to jack up the rhetoric?
Please explain this Proposed Rule about nuclear waste in layman's terms for me?
IF THERE were a category for 233 mph winds what would it be?
i need advice can someone help me thanks?
How many of you can get these science questions right, and what is your view/belief on AGW?
solar panels and batteries?
What is Risk Management of Natural Disasters?
Does a temperature drop of 22F in 150 seconds show how natural climate sensitivity can be?
- do you have to remove paper labels when you recycle glass bottles?
Is it difficult to implement electric cars in India?
Do you think people are causing the warming that isn't happening?
from which we reduce the polluted?
\wind farms \, do they kill more birds then airports if so ,were are the angry environmentalist?
how do factories monitor/calculate carbon dioxide emissions?
What's your impression of the MSM reporting of Super Typhoon Haiyan?
Why has nobody yet invented a cigarette filter that's biodegradable?
Basement Project in Fulham?
what evidence do global land and ocean temperatures provide for a warming earth?
in future which energy source used in machine?
Is it true that the ObamaCare computers are more accurate than the climate model Computers?
Why do people look for a magic solution to save our planet ?
Is George Clooney right? What is wrong with his logic?
Do you know that you are not free?
climate change skeptic Freeman Dyson?
Why I have to Choose Suspended Ceilings?
Tiny red spiders behind the screen on my treadmill?
climate change and the denier tag?
Why do clouds sometimes produce snow, and sometimes rain, and sometimes hail?
Will you c0nsider that humans are the main reas0n of global warming?
Any websites that support legalizing marijuana?
solar lights australia?
Where can I ride my electric scooter?
New study show climate is only half as sensitive?
Would you rather have a warm climate or cold one?
What do you think of Coca-Cola's environmental initiatives?
Solar Power System Question: Is there such a device that can switch between battery and solar power?
which civilisation used hydrogen first?
how to recycle glass jars?
Have I found a solution for global warming?
What is natural gas? What do we use it for>?
Is there any evidence that atmospheric carbon is accumulating on land?
What is this bug on my wall?
Where does this leave the \missing heat\ is in the deep ocean theory?
Which is the correct solar charge controler?
Can anyone help me find a good place to live ?
Boundary 'T' symbol with arrow on the stork of the 'T'?
The photoelectric effect created by the energy of the sun striking photovoltaic cells and producing a flow of?
Does this guy Maxx really not know that the ocean is deep?
How come whistle-blowers are in endangered in urban communties?
Nuclear power plants produce a great amount of energy using fission reactors. However, there are safety risks.?
Where to find a dragon egg.?
Ocean warming? Does this look like ocean warming to you?
How much money would I need to spend on solar panels & batteries to be able to consume 1,800 kwh per month?
What species have been extirpated or extinct due to human activity and habitat destruction?
Looking for an organic farmer in the UK?
Essay on renewable energy help?
When applying a high amount of amperage to a solar panel, does the material inside begin to decompose?
Is there any doubt Typhoon Haiyan was caused by man.?
what are the environmental, social and economic effects of flooding in a MEDC and LEDC?
can you describe me a scenerio in which we can see the law of conservation of mass or energy in action?
which countries usually use biomass heating system?(biomass boiler)?
how green flame occour?
How can sedimentary rocks be used as evidence for climate change?
the advantages and disadvantages of methods used to reduce the impact of human activity on an ecosystem?
Can I change the balls only on my industrial?
Are corks recyclable?
Calculate the number of joules of potential energy required to elevate a 1.5-kg book 2.0 m?
the unit for electric potential difference?
What kind of clothes should I buy for the Amazon Rainforest?
does environmentalism cause amnesia?
Need feedback on the start of my essay?
What does having high water stress mean?
Are there any trends apparent in the US that are related to hazardous wastes?
what happens if you drink an energy drink while taking antidepressants?
How much money do you get for 1lbs of aluminum cans in st.louis MO?
when you play gta 5 and you have a bad ass cars and park it in trevor franklin and michical do they dissappear?
What is the estimated amount of frosted elfin left alive?
Climate change NASA loses FOIA court case?
What big bad oil funds?
Climate change Australia getting tough with the UN?
Is there anything you can do about the changes in your physical environment to reduce your risk of becoming?
Why won't the EPA force biodegradable shopping bags instead of stores using plastic and paper?
how does conservation affect today?
Examples of potential to kinetic energy! plz help!?
Which habitat(s) contains the most species? Why?
Everything about solar energy!!!?
what is an endangered animal in the subtropical desert?
what does the fox say?
How do I keep my energy leves high?
Who knows more about typhoons, Maxx and Steven Goddard, or the Joint Typhoon Warning Center?
inhibitory factors that control population growth rates?
will it hurt my car to run a gallon of 2 cycle fuel in it?
What are some ways that dams are helping reduce their environmental impact?
Best type of biofuel?
Global dimming and Global warming?
What is the species approach of preserving biodiversity?
How is global warming destroying the life of the Inuit people?
Are rajnforests better alive or dead?
Why do people in different parts of the world have different attitudes on climate change?
Are rainforests better alive or dead?
The US EPA has determined that cleaning up the local watershed so it will meet healthy water standards will co?
Does ethanol gives the best results in vehicles instead of gas?
Where can I hand off paper for recycling in the south bay area?
Environmental conflicts?
What has Alaska done to help cope with it's increasing number of tourists?
How safe are the soon to be available hydrogen cars and how costly?
i have to make project on global warming do you have any idea that how can i make it more int resting?
when will the world actally sufer from the effects of global warming badly?
the affect a change in climate can have?
Where does pikachu get it's electricity from?
Do you think crocodile farms are more beneficial or detrimental to the well being of wild crocodiles?
How many \Creationism Scientists\ are involved in the IP CC's Assessment Reports?
Is it cheaper to leave energy efficient bulbs on?
Is Climate Change actually getting sorted out?
Is the tragic Philippine Haiyan Typhoon being used by Alarmist to promote their heartless political agenda?
Suggest a name for the Dairy farm?
what should be done about the pollution of tar creek?
WHAT IS THE MOST EFFECTIVE WAY TO DO PSYCHAEDELIC MUSHROOMS?
What can people on here tell me about Monsanto the large corparation?
Ways in which coastal areas can be a valuable resource?
What's the most amusing basic science error you've seen a denialist make?
Is there an inverter or other device that will let me power 12v devices from a solar panel directly?
Have a problem? Please help?
climate change this looks promising?
what is global awareness of street harassment?
How we came to know the proportion of different gases in the atmosphere?
What proof is there that global warming is caused by CO2?
What errors have been made by skeptics?
Electric Car Conversion: How many 12-volt lead acid batteries do I need to power my 24-volt electric motor?
Should people who use the term denier be banned from Yahoo Answers?
Without computer models, is there any evidence for high levels of global warming from CO2?
How do I charge an electric car if I don't have a garage?
I WANT AN ESSAY ON ROLE OF STUDENTS IN CONSERVATION OF ENRGY?
what would the year 2666 be like?
hydrogen storage application?
Help me please look in additional Details?
My weather forecast?!?
how to grow reggie weed?
Is Nuclear energy really that bad ?
Is global warming a moral issue?
The mass of a star is 10x1.99x1033 gms. If half the star is converted by fusion, how much energy is released?
How Can I Reduce A Solar Panels Output To 3volts From 9volts?
Is Recycling Sorted By Material in Georgia?
What errors have been made by climate skeptics?
How should i kill a demon spawn of a spider?
At what point does it go from simply snowing to a blizzard?
Object wrapped in cloth and barbed wire?
Has anyone experienced AGW?
How does water fluoridation affect the environment?
Is diatomaceous earth (food grade) okay to be around my children? I have a two year old & a 3 month old?
best seasoned wood for an AGA or RAYBURN?
Does this article show where Yahoo stands regarding Climate Change?
How can global warming cause anything --- when there is no global warming?
How can global warming be the cause of both more severe flooding and more severe droughts?
mi sn butato il coloro roso bll a doso, scnd voio oro divento un leopardono?''?
Ecotourism, Expert please :(?
Questions about the 'Polar Ice Caps'?
Are we going back to dark ages burning wood?
how can I quickly get rid of an very bad flea infestation?
Can you explain these speed/rate related aspects of AGW?
How large does a body of water have to be to have an affect on climate/weather?
Where to buy lye in auckland?
how can I quickly get rid of an very bad flea infestation?
how to write a conclusion about air pollution?
Global Warming cause More Snowstorms in the Future? Is that True?
Do you think were due for an iceage?
Explain using words how the electric car was powered?
Are evolutionists and environmentalists on the same page when it comes to \Global Warming\?
Recycled rubber tire floor inventor?
Can metal naturally form (not like a rock but the more man made form)?
Could global warming lead to California being hit by hurricanes?
Person who studies wildlife?
how global warming effects animals?
How efficient is wind turbine compared to solar panel at generating electricity.?
Since when has science ever depended on somebody's \point of view\?
If no computer models were used, how much could the basic scientific understanding of climate change differ?
If AGW becomes a non-issue, what next?
How did Moses attempt to establish stability in the people?
what kind of weed do I have?
Is the renewable energy industry free market capitalism?
Is burnt aluminum concidered contaminated?
Can I recycle scrap metal on the rail road tracks?
Is boiling kettle for hot water bottle cheaper than heating a small room with gas?
how povety hinder biodiversity?
If AGW becomes a non-issue, what next?
What is your idea of a perfect ecosystem? Please give details?
How can I get things for free?
Do Global Warming denyers know latest Phillipino storm 230mph ?
Does this prove that you should never let an alarmist in control of anything?
Would Copra Oil substitute for Petro Diesel?
Weird spiderwebs falling from the sky?
Is this the next AGW scare, a big snake?
How much energy can be produced by pedalling bicycle? Can it be feasable for commercial use?
If no computer models were used, how much could the basic scientific understanding of climate change differ?
Energy Saving Light Bulb Information Required Please?
What states have the best climate?
I know solar power system how to work ,but I don’t know how does a wind-solar energy hybrid system work?
Can wind turbines be installed in flats, homes, and commercial sites like solar panels?
Can wind turbines be installed in flats, homes, and commercial sites like solar panels?
The electrons in a DC electric circuit actually move in such a way that they travel a path through the circuit?
How do I ground my solar panel setup?
I have run away from home. Now what?
The warmunists of the church of climatology embrace bogus science done by computer models based on half-?
Why would big oil support skeptics?
How effective are wildlife gardens in attracting animals?
If AGW turning out to be false were as horrible as denialists seem to think?
Are botflies in florida?
Unfalsifiable climate science?
What are the trade-offs between saving an endangered species and re-creating an extinct one?
Shouldn't it be called \global warming and cooling.\?
How to move out at 18?
How do i neatly link my wires to mc4 (solar panel) connectors?
Since when has science ever depended on somebody's \point of view\?
in what ways is light energy not like any other form of energy?
is there anyone outhere who is an expert on floods?
The equator passes across the country of Ecuador. Why is there an odd climate?
Which of the following is a common method to obtain renewable energy?
what in real life converts chemical energy to stored energy?
Is there any unprecedented ocean heat content?
Why havn't climate models mached what has acually happened ?
In what cases BOD is greater than COD in wastewater?
What stations sell B99 biodiesel in CA. Does it help with leaking injectr pumps?
If global warming is real, why is the founder of Greenpeace saying that it is a fraud?
Have you got what it takes to be a climate scientist?
We are told \the combined land and ocean temp is still rising\. Where can we see proof?
Some info disposal of the dead?
Which is better selling or recycling?
Can you explain the differences between these AGW statements?
Calculating \net\ energy cost for consumers? (Net might not be the right word for this question)?
Besides blind monkey-see monkey-copy-paste ignorance, why do GW deniers argue policy by lying about science?
When Alarmists use the term DENIER against Skeptics, doesn't that prove it's all politics?
Who should i punch? Sam or Matthew?
What are the historical reasons why the development gap exists?
one Kg of LPG is equal to how many liters of Petrol?
How can I directly power my electronics using my two 100watt 12v solar panels?
climate change from ex PM John Howard?
Will global warming get better or worse?
Will global warming get better of worse?
how are carbon dioxide emissions in the environment calculated?
Which of the following has the largest 2nd ionization energy?
How to work with endangered animals in high school and then as a career?
Physics potential energy question?
Pros&Cons of Biomass (A Renewable Energy Source) in North Carolina?
Physics potential energy question?
Physics potential energy question?
Physics potential energy question?
Why in the world are we paying for water?
Is climate science unbiased?
Snow in the UK climate change?
how does oil drilling controversy affect The united states?
Can solar power be used in urban areas?
Safest way to produce energy?
how much garbage does toronto prouce a year in 2013?
Is fear of science, and excessive tolerance of ignorant lying about science, damaging our democracy?
Do anti-science posters here have a clue about exponential or compound growth?
Can anyone help me Identify this object.?
Suggest why people living in cities in MEDCs may be able to cope better with climate change and extreme...?
Predators of Leatherback sea turtles?
Is pollution really the cause of global warming and climate change or is someone lying to you?
Who loves winter as the best season?
what effects does global warming create?
explain how the energy used by an althete during a football game comes from the energy of sunlight?
The Global Average Temperature was only 0.2C above the established global average temp in 2008. T or F?
How much solar energy is used worldwide?
I want to start up a tool lending library?
I want to start up a tool lending library?
Who could sponsor an electric car lottery?
What are greenhouse gases?
How Can Caesium 137 Pollute Water?
How could this pond duck have died?
Consider the following scenario: Species A has a carrying capacity 600. Species B has a carrying capacity of?
I accidentally built a mater anti-mater reactor.?
What is the professional record of Dr. Roy Spencer?
Is it a myth that the Global warming theory isn't falsifiable?
methods of minimising energy 10POINTS!!?
Global warming “pause” may last for 20 years (or more)?
If the world has not stopped warming recently, why is the current period referred to as \a plateau\?
World is warming, the science is settled, we are told. How did 2013 do?
what is a good compition to do at school?
If you believe in man-made Global Warming --- when did it start?
Science question Help!: how to measure the energy.....?
Is fear of science, and excessive tolerance of ignorant lying about science, damaging our democracy?
which equation connects energy, voltage and charge?
the process of creating energy which requires the presence of oxugen?
How can students in Indonesia protect the environment?
True or False, I'm confused!?
umm help with a ducky i guess..?
How reliable are electric cars?
Is fear of science, and excessive tolerance of ignorant lying about science, damaging our democracy?
does Matthew Belle take steriods?
why should we protect girafes?
why should we protect african wild dogs?
What is a good career involving wildlife?
Is global warming fear damaging our young?
Is nuclear energy reaching its market potential?
what are you going to leave our culture in a better position for those who come after you?
Will global warming lead to more wars?
what is your opinion on the keystone XL pipeline?
what are good reasons to ban Factories from cities ?
Opinion on windfarms as an energy source?
which of the following particles has no electric charge?
How to minimise energy losses [Urgent] 10 Points!!?
What is the temperature range that 'pretty much everything living' does well at?
Interesting topics to look at in relation to Climate Change?
Do anti-science posters here have a clue about exponential or compound growth?
Where is the \hiatus\ in global surface temperatures?
Does this text mean they do animal testing or not?? I don't understand it.. please read..?
Why does paraffin produce more energy than ethanol?? :)?
places where you can mine gold for free?
is it possible to get federal money to open a small shack and get permits to house bears and maybe do research?
Is wind power a reliable alternative source of energy?
What % o the worlds species have been identified.?
why do sacatas only come like once every 4 years?
energy can never be created or destroyed just-or-?
Does working with wildlife count under human services?
Here we go again? More alarmism from CO2 emissions?
hoe much energy per square meter is released by the freezing of 30 cm of ice within 24 hours?
What do you think about this new tool?
what are some anime that are endangered in the desert?
Can you dispute any of these facts, or draw any conclusion from them aside from at least possible AGW harm?
Anyone know a good solar battery charger?
Can water be wasted..?
What will humans do if there are not enough natural resources in the future?
**** PLEASE I NEED HELP DESPERATELY AND HAVE NO TIME!! PLEASE HELP ASAP!****?
The evergreen pine needles didn't burn, why?
A hydrated form of copper sulfate (CuSO4·x H2O) is heated to drive off all the water. If we start with 7.28 g?
Does Walmart in Irvine, CA have a recycling center for soda cans and bottles in exchange for cash?
Nuclear Fusion Question - The process of separating 238-U from 235-U is termed?
Where can I find ethanol free fuel in Lewiston Maine?
Does boiling water eliminate fluoride and Chlorine?
The effect of CO2 on plankton?
Do female students at school make plop noises when on the toilet at school?
Is there any environmental problems in the United Kingdom?
Help me think of a master's thesis!?
What % of Antarctica contains wildlife in it? Why don't we colonise the remaining % that doesn't?
What do climate change models and obamacare website have in common?
What changes in the environment can we expect in the future? and how will humans respond to these changes?
Are windmills like the statues on Easter Island?
What will humans do when there are not enough natural resources in the future?
Is global warming boring?
if I install solar panels myself,how do I register it with energy supplier?
What foods do Maryland Import?
Why does living a wasteful lifestyle hurt the environment?
paper bags with handles?
Mechanical energy items in the house or in a room?
How is recycling plastic good for the environment,when the plants that do this pollute the air so much?
where can i buy pyrex test tubes in bolwing green ky?
Good sources and books on Arctic conflict?
Is Global Warming a good topic for a presentation?
why is burning plastics better then recycling and land fill?
what are the negatives of recycling waste plastics?
Forestry & Trees Chainsaws CS30 UK Only?
What's the silliest hypothesis you can think of consistent with these AGW facts?
what kind of information do you think should be in the form of sound?
Is the ocean heating 15 times faster than at any time in the past?
Why does the heavy weather and rain, including high winds mainly occur at night when everybody is asleep?
Which is really more energy efficient?
links of global warming info?
how do you quarry chalk?
want to make environmental project so which topic should i choose in these 3? species/ozone/economic environm?
To tackle climate change why dont we just turn the carbon into fibres to create carbon fibre!!?
What is a meachanism that recycles human waste? please explain how it works?
Why does the seasons change and does not continue for long each time?
During which month are the days longer than nights in the Philippines?
Combating over population?
What is the role of continental glaciers in causing climate changes?
Could alarmists please fill in the blanks?
Shame on 'Yahoo Answers' for deleting the question: Is Global Warming a Hoax?
Items that are non recyclable that could be made recyclable by changing parts of its ingredients?
What's a good nature name for Tori?
no warming in China Alaska or Canada?
What happens if two alcohols are blended with gasoline ( for eg: ethanol+butanol+gasoline)?
Can officials in Wildlife Services supercede state trapping regulations?
Are there any controls or regulations in place regarding Feverfew's use and/or distrubution?
why does africa have so much exclusive wildlife?
Am I the only one who doesn't want bugs touching me, but doesn't want them hurt?
Questions about North American waterway biodiversity.?
For an informative speech about alternative car fuels, what are some good main points (around 3)?
Is the zombie apocalypse going to happen?
Is this how close climate science is when it comes to accurately predicting temperature increases with CO2 ..?
What do some recycling symbols mean with pics?
does anyone (except those ranting w/o links to real science) deny solar var. or the CO2 greenhouse effect...?
How do sinkholes change over time?
What do you think of the incorporating solar power into outdoor digital advertising?
Science help thingy, sustainable building materials?
2.How does a forensic engineer use the law of conservation of energy in a crash investigation?
Have businesses always handed out paper receipts to customers?
theres a midget on my back yard that wont leave what do i do to get rid of it?
Now that it is over, will anti-science denieridiots expose the World Series quote hoax unquote?
do you think this can be a Duck pond or Not?
What is an ecosystem in the boreal forest?
Is there any nature conservation job that I can move around the world?
Why am I using more electric unit at night?
How much do you save with solar panels and what's the catch?
How will alarmists tie in a cold weather with CAGW this winter?
Things you cam get high off of?
Living next to a funeral home?
What does industrial agriculture do to our health?
I often feel tired and would like to have more energy?
­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­?
Perpetual motion and monopole magnets?
Recommended Urban Survival Guides?
Can anyone please tell me if this is a bed bug?
how to look at a solar eclypse safely?
How can Mexico's location,climate and physical features be natural resources?
what percentage of the uk is dedicated to Energy Production,Waste Management,Protected Areas,Urban Development?
Why is climate change research important?
What are the benefits and limitations to climate change indicators?
Health gets affected by change in weather!?
is it worth using in grid solar to save $10 a month on my electric bill and having $40k lease on panels?
restoring the environment?
Brown Recluse spiders?? HELP!!?
Can any body from India import electric cars (battery operated like Reva car) or solar power car from China.?
3 endangered species in the tropical rainforest?
Ways to solve over-population?
What kind of battery amperage is the best kind for a 1,500 watt inverter??
What is the amazon rainforest climate records?
Would it be offensive to cosplay at Chinatown?
Name some fuels and oxidants which can be used in fuel cells?
What is brown environment (related to Climate Change / Global Warming)?
How can I start going to more and more party's from now on?
Why has the goldilocks zone had no effect on either Venus or Mars?
Deer challenged me in the woods?
Deer challenged me in the woods?
Why are councils concerned about students attending excursions to rock pools?
If you could change anything about where you are living now, what would it be?
What else do you need to know to answer these percentage questions, and what does it have to do with AGW?
New scare tactics by the IP CC?
What r some natural deodorants to use in my bathrooms instead of sprays like Febreze?
What would be the best energy source for the future?
Is it safe to sleep with smoke in room?
Easy ten points!! :D?
Where did geothermal energy originate?
is there an app/website that shows me what the earth would look like(on a map) at a given temperature?
Which of these are a green product? Test question?
10 points. Describe thoroughly how the solar power is generated?
Island Sustainability Theoretical Question?
Reducing resource consumption?
I live in a borough. How do I know if it is a suburb, rural, or urban area?
Why do urban areas show differences in terms of their level of deprivation/quality of living space?
Why do deniers say the science isn't settled?
Senior researcher of the Russian Academy of Sciences say cooler period ahead?
Effects of unreliable snowfall on areas that depend on tourism?
Volunteering with seashephard as an American citizen?
how soon will toyota bring out a fuel cell car?
What is this right age to get a phone under 12?
Uranium is an element like Hydrogen it as other uses than blowing up.What are they?
Is climate alarmism really a mental disorder?
Is it true that the ObamaCare programmers used to be climate model programmers?
Is requesting information under the FOI act really harrassment?
what shall i do???? ...............?
Physics kinetic energy problem?
Is this IPCC 'leak' even reasonable?
Physics kinetic energy question?
What is wrong with putting stray sea turtle hatchlings in the ocean?
Fear of wasps? What do I do?
How are scientists able to find air temp and amount of CO2 in atmosphere hundreds of years ago?
How to become a park or forest ranger in california ?
Portable hydroelectric generator question?
How to get wildlife certification?
Are deniers too hopelessly dense to understand multiple stage causality?
Where does the electricity and heating come from? Where can I find out?
Can anyone provide empirical proof?
What is the sound of a fox??? Confused!!! :O?
solar powered motor to drive a generator to multiply output?
How much air pollution comes from cars? give me numbers?
What does it say when the IPCC produces such errors?
What type of fungus/mushroom is this?
Why can't defenders of the IPCC ask relevant questions?
Which Koch family donation led to the most improvement of cliamte science?
Calculating Carbon FootPrint?
whose problem is global warming?
What is the different between orange ladybug and the red one?
What is the easiest and most efficiant way to tan sheep hides?
Can you explain these global warming aspects/details as you would to a 6-year-old?
Is climate change new? Explain?
Which Koch family donated billion $ of net income has done more to improve Americans' knowledge of science?
What evidence exists for climate change?
Does Africa really exist?
Confused about renewable energy?
what is the cheapest hybrid I can buy?
Which Michael Mann work is better at improving understanding of global warming?
can plastic shopping bags be safely used for these other purposes?
is energy supplier isupply any good?
climate change it's the sun?
Best gloves for working in freezers?
Black people hatred( Answer please)?
Should we get rid of usless wind farms ?
gas guzzler or a tesla?
Do coconut palms grow on cocoa beach Florida?
what is the kinetic energy of an air molecule at -273c?
Why does the media talk about bush fires in Australia?
how do people get their supply of energy?
when hygrogen and oxygen combine with activation energy to form water water is ?
A Global Warming question. The scientific experiment must be replicable in all details to be considered valid?
What's Canadians?!?!?
If trees got carbon from the soil, why wouldn't C-14 dating work?
Can anyone come up with a list of other \probable causes\ in global temperature fluctuations ... ?
Do scientists need to understand economics?
balancing redox reactions, use of H2O?
Does anyone make a 49cc gas conversion for the Schwinn Meridian Trike?
Would you consider this \skeptic\ question a lie?
Does theatrical fog/smoke harm the environment?
How can a lifeguard spot a shark?
An electric filament lamp is marked 6v and 0.3A. determine the rate at which energy is used by the lamp?
What are your views on the persecution of birds of prey in the UK?
strategy for reducing environmental risk?
Can I run a CNG car on Propane or Butane ?
Apple peelings....can I leave them outside for animals?
AGW and the \decline effect\?
How do temperatures corrolate with increased CO2 readings in high automobile traffic areas?
Any good sources for setting up a off grid system that runs with the meter?
sustainable development recycling/introduction/conclusion?
What are the distructive effects of climate change?
How does a solar panel work?
What do they do with all the paper trash at the city landfill?
Should zoos be banned?
Are warmer temperatures good for grizzly bears?
Its the Sun and solar Magnetic Fields. Any Questions?
How are hybrid cars efficient ? They have IC Engine that charges the battery and creates pollution.?
The free energy, how to design the generator for virtual free energy?
how many electric unit consum bt 7.5 hp mototr in 1hour?
how long before we reach the catastrophic 2C warming?
What is global warming ? which factors are responsible for that ? how it can be avoided?
What would be a beneficial effect of the elimination of Oriental Fruit Flies?
Why is the mad global warming question vaporizer on the rampage again (wouldn't plagiarizing be as easy)?
what is light energy?
Too many great English stars (here), so have you got tips about a possible change of major to climatblogology?
Are Alarmists beginning to realize it's the Sun that controls Climate and not human activity?
Bed Bugs?! How to prevent and detect them?
What are they doing to protect white tigers?
Paragraph about why white tigers are endangered?
Is there any evidence whatsoever that CO2 levels drive temperatures?
Is Hey Doofus a denier masquerading as an alarmist?
How true is sea level rise?
Do deniers have a clue about geological time (for example re the Ordovician ice age)?
Do I have a roach infestation?
Is there any empirical evidence that supports climate change?
Is the Serval ever going to extinction because of hybrids?
128 septembers were warmer than this september?
Antarctica Essay. Climate Change, Human Impacts.?
Did you know we had an ice age when CO2?
Although humans are destroying the earth environmentally, why do humans still deserve do live?What use are we?
What is this, and why did I find it in my car?
How does Utuado, Puerto Rico's position on earth affect its climate?
Jumanji gave me an outer body experience?
Why is the stratosphere cooling?
Can you give Certain Parties examples of what fallacies like ad hominem would actually be?
what smell would cause people to get sick?
Politically speaking, prius c or prius v to save gas and emissions?
Does the Barycentre have any place in a discussion about man made global warming?
How many millions did Gilbert Plass rake in from New Age World Order Carbon Taxes?
How many peer-reviewed scientific breakthroughs were published with funding from the Western Fuels Association?
How much money did Al Gore pay off Svante Arrhenius with (and with what time travel mechanism)?
Why deniers always copy-paste, cheat and steal (is it a substitute for a lack of a brain)?
Are clouds really fluffy?
fuel prices down ?? home energy up.?
Environmental Protection Agency?
Is this a good use of climate science?
What did the IPCC say in AR5 about geoengineering?
global warming picture i cant find?
What are your views on the persecution of birds of prey in the UK?
were pandas created by Asians?
Why would Cryosat only map Arctic ice volume?
When will a fully electric car be developed and become affordable?
Can the UN measure black carbon using black helicopters?
What is the best way to model the effect of clouds on temperatures?
So what's going on in the global warming world?
Why do people live in tornado alley?
trophy hunting really benefit ?
Pakistan Flood 2010. Desperately in need of help!?
what do we make from Bituminous coal?
information of world wildlife day?
global warming in Alaska?
how can you tell if our school has a gas leak?
Do you think its conducive to energy to ground power?
Must nitwit deniers literally plagiarize EVERY question of Dorks?
what is your campany human resource strategy?
Persuasive speech on ozone depletion?
What region in Florida has the least mosquitoes?
Must nitwit deniers literally plagiarize EVERY question of mine?
Something weird happened to a steel cup. What could it be?
If the 1990s was too early to act on AGW, and it's too late now, when should action have been taken?
What time does Phatboy fireworks close?
what should i study so i can go to schools and educate kids about the environment and how they can help save?
Is this true or false?
how would life in arabia change if the climate was mild?
Is man-made Global Warming theory an irrational ideology that is opposed to scientific and industrial progress?
where can i better educate myself about water/gas injection wells?
What chemicals do oil companies use to clean up oil spills?
I think i started a fire?
If the 1990s was too early to act on AGW, and it's too late now, when should action have been taken?
What does this graph tell you about the Holocene Epoch (8,000+/- years ago) and current temperature anomalies?
an example of converting chemical energy to chemical energy?
Can the UN measure black carbon using black helicopters?
What is the most promising way to model the effect of clouds on global temperatures?
I was at school today when...?
How to Recycle ... Quick Question?
Discuss water scarcity.?
negative effects of hydraulic fracturing?
How do you take care of huge ladybug infestation?
What is Canadas position on the Kyoto protocol?
Is a committee of MPs bright enough to worm the truth out of the energy suppliers 'Big Six'?
Why are herbivores so strong when they doesn,t eat much protein?
Is there anyway that the megalodon is still alive?
what is yoir opion in the keystine XL pipeline?
What is a good number for Direct Energy?
how does challenging how countries value material good help the current environmental crisis?
Are anti-science copy-pasters able to read?
Is it better to poop outside and bury it than use a toilet?
What are the biggest challenges faced by renewable energy?
Change rightly your professional job?
What are five examples of electric solenoid?
Is there more diversity of opinion among \skeptics\ than \warmists\?
Quesions about Mountain Gorilla and etc?
How much money will Al Gore make if the Keystone Pipeline is not approved?
Global record temperatures were set during 2005 and the 1997/1998 periods when both the AMO and PDO were ...?
Does the NOAA Paleoclimatology help in understanding natural fluctuations in global average temperatures ...?
What Are We Doing to Stop the Pollution in the Great Barrier Reef?
How can you tell whenthe electric battery or the other battery in a 2007 prius needs to replaced.?
What is wrong with effluents?
Besides the solar panels, what else is needed for a complete system?
is global warming is a major problem?Is it important? Who should be responsible for dealing with the problem?
what are made up of solar panels? How to make a solar panel by myself ?
How to deposit cash using ATM card via Green Channel in SBI?
How to deposit cash using ATM card via Green Channel in SBI?
Is this true, \that most scientists believe long term global warming hasn’t gone away.\?
Are anti-science copy-pasters able to read?
Help me with product description. Eco friendly Coconut liquid soap. is mine ok?
How far do Scorpions travel from their molt within a day?
Are warming alarmists changing their story and now saying what they REALLY meant to predict was Global Cooling?
Would the oceans freeze if?
Is there a global change trend or just a local random variation? Explain the answer. What other information or?
Does Zhaoyang Explosion-proof Electric Heater have energy conservation effect?
What happens to glass ?
Do thunder storms have a cooling effect?
is a park ranger a good career?
where you live at what county & what city ?
what do you think will change in the world in the next 10 years?
How does the science of climate change depend on how much money a former VP or a business owner has?
how does household objects become granite?
over a period of 1000 years an inhabited lake becomes a maple forest .is this primary succession or secondary?
what are the steps involved in testing a leaf for starch showing lab report,observation and conclusion?
How many pandas were there before they became endangered?
The libtard Huffinton Puffington Post had an article?
Where and how can I visit a landfill in London?
Is there actually cannibals down clinton road?
In need of an interview with a Proffesional Wildlife Biologist please !?
Which proxies are used in the Southern Hemisphere?
Is Concentrated Solar Power (CSP) a good option for a town in Missouri? Why or why not?
How does the science of climate change depend on how much money a former VP or a business owner has?
Amazon plants facts (animals to)?
What is the climate like of north and south of Italy?
The curious journey of Professor Mike Lockwood?
How do I join Team Plasma?
WHY MIGHT PEOPLE BE WORRIED ABOUT GLOBAL BRANDS?
cause of petrol price rising?
I am looking for someone who can be a survivalist mentor.?
One reason why tungsten is used for making filament of electric lamp?
What if Snowdon was the size of Everest?
energy prices and constant cold callers to offer better prices.?
what is the benefits of using vertical integration for electricity supply industry?
Why is the Amazon being cut down?
What causes the ground temperature to be higher?
REPLACEMENT FOR PETROL!!?
can electric eel be used as a source of generating electricity?
How does the 'Leeuwin Current' affect the Australian climate?
What happens to money donated to the green climate fund.?
what animals are in a Sclerophyll forest?
does anyone know what species of algae is used in algae lamp ?found nothing in google patents.?
instant electric water heaters for extremely cold winters?
can you get solar panels for a pc?
How does pet overpopulation affect the environment?
When will the super storm St Jude hit east England (Norfolk)?
Why might industrialists want to argue that global warming is a natural process?
Why is fly ash powder mixed with cement for wall plastering?
Does nice weather ever get blamed on man made global warming?
change the alternador?
what environmental factors affect the rock cycle and how do they affect it?
change the alternador?
Ideas for a research essay on recycling?
If tornado happened how long will it take for the tornado to come again ?
Why does radiation in games/TV make sound?
Do they put dogs in orange groves in Florida?
Smoking weed attracts bees?
how does the making of a narwhale work :P?
Where can you go to get insects spayed, neutered, and released??
What effect will Population Growth have on Climate Change?
Will we ever, change?
33. What do you like about yourself? ¥?
What do you think about politicians blackmailing scientists to make them support Global Warming?
why do people recommend that you lie down?
Why do i have to go to school? (and other problems)?
If you're all so smart why don't you answer questions in the Math and Science sections?
Niger's Policy on Climate Change?
If you despise living in apartments (excluding townhouses) where else is there to live?
Is it legal in California to shoot a coyote with a wrist rocket and marbles?
Is it legal in California to shoot a coyote with a wrist rocket and marbles?
Can a storm effect your hearing?
Was the claim in the 70s that CO2 would cause global cooling?
Why would the government do this?
SHIT IM SCARED HELP LOL?
Is it legal in California to shoot a coyote with a wrist rocket and marbles?
DOES ANYONE KNOW HOW TO DISTILL AND SEPERATE A DIESEL/ PETROL MIX FROM A MISSFUELED CAR FUEL TANK?
Resurrection ecology help?
Can we use bio-diesel in Single Cylinder Petrol Engine?
Can batteries recharge batteries?
How much money do you get for recycling aluminum cans in North Carolina?
Regarding natural selection, why does the White Pelican have a large bill?
Help with dead 12V batteries?
storm tonight please help?
Will the uk storm close my work?
How long till human mankind is destroyed?
Why shouldn't we waste food?
im afraid. dont you guys?
is this a sign of climate change?
Why are Bornean Orangutans endangered?
Can I get a green tax credit by getting rid of all my toilets and going with human sized litter boxes instead?
when do you think the next ice age will start?
who is troubled with our planet current system? and what is your solution to the problem?
How can I join a feed the homeless campaign?
Why do people still deny global warming despite the fact that the entire scientific community agrees its real?
can i change commishioners?
How solid is the recently reported University of Colorado at Boulder study?
what the american geophysical society say about global warming?
Why don't climate scientists want this funding money?
Methods of wildlife conservation?
According to the law of conservation of matter, what always stays the same?
How to make sure I get my own flat by atleast age 18?
How to Conserve Water Sustainable for Teenagers?
Where are these tiny white worms coming from, and how to get rid of them?
This climate change pause is not new?
What is a great blue heron doing in our backyard?
I want to have electric meters in each bedroom?
Why would the governemnt do this or why would this happen?
So why would a mark decrease in GW be so strange?
Hudson Florida sink hole last Thursday can it happen again?
Strange sounds, what the..?
If our world finds a sustainable source of energy, what would happen to Arab nations?
Making $$$ in North Dakota?
Ideas on \Eco-Patrol\ For An Ecology Club Project?
What species constantly depletes and destroys nature to accommodate its growing numbers?
Someone please help Me !!! i keep finding this and its creepy?
What is Praseodymium?
What's the technical difference between a Moth and a Butterfly? (+ 2 other little questions)?
non renewable energy has finished!!?
Are people allowed to put there bin?
Is there a greener alternative to Drano that works just as well besides snaking?
How can I join Freecycle?
percentage change in increase or decrease?
Now that the global warming hoax has been exposed and debunked, what scheme will libs dream up next to steal?
i want to charge phone by sound energy?
Do all foresters work for the forest service or can they just work for timber companies?
What could have Green reflecting eyes in the dark?
what will happen if Phenolphthalein added with distilled H2O?
A future with Fusion energy.?
Air pollution difference in 70's New York and current Beijing?
What are the curent environmental issues in India regarding businesses? 10 points?
What effect did the final break up of gondwana have on world climate?
Doesn't this show that true scientists were right all along?
Should I tell my boss to F%#@ OFF or bite my tounge?
Is it safe to use a electric toothbrush in the shower?
Can you believe this climate change study?
Why is climate change linked to politics?
Are there any endangered species that has caused an increase or benefited another species?
what are ways to lower utility bills during winter?
What are some endangered breeds of wolves?
Will the great cars of history be undrivable when we run out of gas?
What is the energy used in making steel?
Do you know that one nuclear power station?
What Animal am I do u Think?
How would you respond in these broadly worded situations?
Which of the following statements is true?
Which of the following statements is true?
Do weather forecasts sometimes change within a week?
what are the causes of bribery?
What environmental factor cause a suntan?
discuss the component of ecosystem and how it affect climate change?
When was the last solar EMP electro magnetic pulse?
How do you keep from getting splinters?
Electric Scooter Tire and tube?
What do they mean by this ?
Reducing heat using plantation...?
Solar power that I can plug christmas lights in?
calorific value for diffrent fuels?
In such a dangerous and pesimistic future, is it still worth it having children?
I live in a boring city either womans cant go out and enjoy life :-(?
climate conditions in a small area that differ significantly from the climate of the surrounding area are call?
What the hell is that?
which country is the largest producer of wind energy?
What is the cost of zirconium?
What is the difference between endangered and extinct forests?
If people struggle with energy bills, why not install a wood stove?
Does Upside down roller coasters give you butterflys?
Will hybrids make electric vehicles turn into junk?
5W-Solar-Cell-panel-5-Watt?
How many people would read articles about global warming and cloning?
How do environmental hazards affect the economy of a country?
what will be the best title of research on climate change impacts on agriculture and food security?
Can someone please tell me what this is??? Cocoon?
what effects would we experience if the ozone keeps depleting and reached 10% of what it used to be?
What would be more energy efficient, maintaining the temp in a full fridge or a relatively empty one?
Does anyone really think one below normal hurricane season disproves AHQ?
What exactly is green house effect ?
What's up with the mild hurricane season?
What endangered species are important to conserve?
Can oil be contaminated or polluted?
Will there ba another ice age and when?
Solar system wishlist?
how to get rid of weed smell?
Is VM&P Naphtha petroleum ether?
can someone help me find the cheapest method for getting rid of bed bugs?
Does any one else love listening to the rain?
How should I aim my solar panel?
Is it possible for geothermal vents to have start the tree of life on earth?
What effects does the Endangered Species Act have on farmers?
can i hook sump pump to water drains?
I've spent £5,000 on petrol in 18 months, is my carbon footprint to high?
Where is the EVIDENCE for NASA, not one small part of it, ALL OF NASA, being directed by James Hansen?
Environmental impact of Keystone Xl Pipeline Project?
Since heat pumps are more efficient in warmer temps, would a greenhouse around the outer unit help in winter?
Where can I go to pay for 10 minutes of fresh air like a clean air booth or somthing like that?
Do denialists know what the words, socialist and communist mean?
how to make Placenta shampooo?
How does pet overpopulation affect the environment?
\Atmospheric Effect\ or \Greenhouse Effect\?
effect of poverty on biodiversity?
how to get biofuel from algae inexpensively?
Grangemouth, isn't it about time?
Global Warming - what are the main points/claims made by the IPCC in their 2013 report?
Can denier kooks understand the difference: hits in one game vs season batting avg. vs lifetime batting avg.?
Is there any way to create a thing that makes humidity to water? One that is easy to make by hand?
what would you choose to take a subscription more than $ 5 a week?
How can I contribute to protecting the nature?
According to temperature readings the planet can warm and cool by 1C within a year ... ?
can we convert carbon dioxide to oxygen?
what steps we can take to save the wildlife?
If YA Global Warming deniers of science had been Titanic crew members, what might they have been heard to say?
which of the following elements has the lowest first ionization energy?
Fukushima nuclear disaster?
There are so many ways to save our environment so why do so many people not care? Is is lack of?
How can we save rainforests and do rainforests regenerate?
Do you think that overconfidence with wild animals/creatures is a dangerous thing?
Anyone else \remember\ the great Maggie Thatcher Conspiracy of 1988?
I need someone to help me with a renewable energy business idea. I am African (Malawi). Any good idea?
How much energy can generate a car alternator ?
Private Renting querie?
Please help me with sociology of renewable energy!!?
Most important problem to solve in MY life right now~!?
What areas of the earth would be of particular interest to us to detect shifts or changes in worldwide climate?
How much energy does a stovetop exhaust fan use?
how would the world work?
I have been vegitarien for 8 months now and I never have energy any more. How can I get more energy?
a 5 kg medicine ball is thrown with a speed of 2m/s. what is its kinetic energy?
Tight budget ??????????????
Law of conservation of mass theory?
Explain how the energy used by an athlete during a football game comes from the energy of sunlight?
Which type of climate has the greatest amount of rock weathering caused by frost action? Why?
Solar system production?
Can you correctly answer these climate science questions?
Is there a dominant animal in a tropical rainforest?
Is it true that styrofoam can't be recycled?
Best single tool for handling Northern Pacific Rattlesnake?
Has non-global warming now lasted more than 3 times longer than global warming?
how are solar energy and electricity similar?
how to get past wasps?
Scotish power, the worst energy supplier ever!! anyone else think so ?
Does this make sweet sense?
what are out of state fees?
Do we consume to much heating energy?
Sativa or Indica, which do you perfer?
Could a fighter jet fly out of a tornado?
How much trees did the internet have saved?
When cells break down food molecules?
Name and example of: a mammal, a reptile, a bird?
How does hydroelectric energy solve the diminishing of fossil fuels?
explain about all the environmental threats?
What is the SCP Is it real?
Would I be able to escape the yellowstone supervolcano?
When was the first butterfly dicovered?
buying a bomb/survival shelter in south australia?
One Billion dollars a day. And just what benefits are we getting for it?
Are October bushfires the result of climate change?
Good parks in London with lakes to do a photoshoot?
helllp!!!!!!!!!!!!! :((( stoners and P.O's?
Manufacturing a solar cell?
Does the failure of much-ballyhooed badger cull mean that badgers are smarter than people?
Are there any poisonous spiders in San Francisco?
Does AGW climate science understand that the past doesn't care what the future holds for humans?
Should we be worried about the future climate?
any machine creating oxygen?
How energy level related to valence electrons ?
How do scientist know that the climate is changing?
Antarctic sea ice extent just hit an all time record high. How could you think the planet is warming?
where does dew come from?
Why the inclus river valley was so advenced?
I love boys but I'm a girl?
Catchy introduction sentence for my climate change essay! lets see who's creative! :)?
What animals hiss in UK when they are startled?
can your electric be shut off if you are over 65?
What can I do to have more energy/be able to stay up longer?
should the government make the energy industry more open by only allowing prices to made per therm or kilowatt?
A biodegradable pollutant?
How can hydroelectric energy solve/help the overuse of fossil feuls?
Is produce cheaper in the CA Valley?
Where in Wisconsin would you find the most homless people sitting outside?
Name two gases found in LPG?
whats the difference between a girl cranefly and a boy?
Trends in cost per Mwh for different types of energy?
Did the climate skeptic make a mistake with this explanation?
Green India-How can I make a difference?
How sure are you about various aspects of AGW?
what are the rules on real fires?
How serious is the present situation RE environmental radioactive radiation?
Presentation about Elephants?
Does this have any lessons for climate science?
Determine the energy required to vaporize 2 mol H2O at 1 bar???
Bed bug confirmation?
How much would it cost to build a sustainable hospital and farm?
Are we getting value for money?
Would it be cheaper to use propane heat? or electric heaters?
How many joules of energy are required to run a 150 W light bulb for one day?
did the fort ancient people use fertilizer.?
Do you think the global average temperature anomolies would change if ...?
I'M LITERALLY A FLY MAGNET ?
How does a chalk escarpment form?
A particle that has no electric charge?
Is desertification due to more physical or human influences?
Give me your thoughts!?
Wishing I had a girlfriend sophomore?
are there drop boxes for things you want to give away like unused nail polish, old scissors?
Why global warming,how reduce the effects.?
Im moving to Alaska next spring and will be getting a gun for protection what would be better a 22 or a 45-70?
Ideas for recycling video?
I need 6 reasons for why the leatherback sea turtle is endangered?
Do you think a 2 degree C rise in global temperatures will be a bad thing?
What are the causes of energy consumption?
Can Haiti use geothermal energy?
what is Climate change and its impacts on natural resorces?
Who advocates artificial selection technology and who cautions against it?
Why are people so worried about saving species?
in what ways do ocean currents affect climate?
will setting my lightbulbs on dim save energy?
what do you think you feel?
how do i take care of a dragonfly?
what makes temeratures become cooler as you go higher above sea level?
What chance do I have if I run away?
What chance do I have if I run away?
Are there any alternatives to Nuclear Power , Solar Power , Wind Power or Hydro-electric Power ?
Have you ever stayed in a place where you just don't want to be?
Is scientific \waffling\ a strength or weakness of science?
What is lemonparty.org? Is it pornography? Is it CreepyPasta? Help please.?
Is \climate change\ science or is it politics?
do Ptarmigan live in southern CA?
I don't want nuclear energy in UK - do I or any other objecters have any say?
Is Michael Mann right that Rob Wilson is a climate change denier?
How was \Al Gore\ a \main visual force\ behind the creation of the IPCC?
Do seal use icebergs?
Compare the power output by large hydropower plants to that of large coal-fired power plants. Are the two typ?
how is life in the tropical rainforest different to life in the uk?
Why do we continue to make things more difficult for ourselves?
I have an Epiphone electric guitar and I cant figure out what it is.?
Are energy audits common?
What does Fast Track mean for LIHEAP Energy assistant?
How is energy produced at nuclear energy plants?
Sustainable design for the future.?
what is the difference between global warming and the carbon cycle?
i want a poem of 12 lines on climate change and water crisis?
does the electric co. turn down their power output at night and can it affect my oil heaters performance?
What are the main sources of carbon dioxide?
How does climate science depend on the net worth of a former VP or of a business owner?
Why do we still use oil instead of hydrogen?
Question about dinosaur farts?
Does this say anything about how AGW is a financial dream for Al Gore and AGW advocates?
define sound energy,kinetic energy,light energy?
free energy for everyone?
In what fantasy novel was NASA \directed by\ James Hansen?
what would be the average PH level for a public park?
what are the effects of festival on environment and health?
Will we start to see more fish like the oarfish die because of the fukushima nuclear disaster?
what is best enclosure box for battery?
Best places in US to dumpster dive?
In order for a fish kill to occur becuase of Pesticides, how much pesticide has to be in the water?
an essay about a vision for sustainable energy for next decade.?
Is antarctica losing ice volume?
Living off nature questions?
What ecological significance is there to forests in general?
How can nylon purse seine net wastes be recycled?
\Did the Federal Reserve create the IPCC or did time-traveling black helicopters create both?\?
Gas and electricity bills could rise by £140 before winter... meanwhile the energy companies have made over 3.?
Do UK estate agents tell you if the property you are looking at is in a flood risk area?
what happens to energy when an organism dies?
Durdle Door facts please anwser these questions?
How much energy is needed to heat up 1kg of water by 15 degrees centigrade. Please help!?
How much energy is needed to heat up 1kg of water by 15 degrees centigrade?
If very little is known about Nature's creatures especially in the oceans, then why do we claim AGW exists?
What does it mean when you see lots of magpies at once?
Where to buy leather winter gloves [ Touchscreen ]?
Why is energy transferred from the hob to the spoon?
If the US were completely covered by cities, which climate control(s) would be affected?
Explain how the natural causes of climate change can alter the Earth's climate?
Are Super Trawlers still used today?
Why do otherwise rational people take the NASA seriously?
how does water pollution takes place?
What do YOU think, is the appearance of 2 dead oarfish in quick succession indicative of deep-water die-off?
How do I restore Global Warming?
Which of these sound like statements a scientist would actually say?
Why do otherwise rational people take the IPCC seriously?
Can we use a Tesla Turbine to power and run a car ?
Which of these sound like statements a scientist would actually say?
why dont we hydrogen gas in the place of lgp or cng?
Law of conservation of mass question :)?
Venus greenhouse effect?
For those who prefer sustainable living arrangements/locations!!?
Can I get a species change?
What are the main economic effects on Australians of Climate Change?
Is climate change something we need to take seriously?
What can be done about Climate Change?
What are the implications of climate change?
What is climate change and how is it caused?
What is happening to Antarctic sea ice extent?
climate change peer review is a joke?
Using one 250 watt infrared heat lamp, what is the best device you can come up with to maximize the solar?
What colour ribbion do i put out if i have a pool during a bush fire?
What forms of energy are found on the electromagnetic spectrum?
How much garbage is there worldwide?
Do you have family in Chicago?
What is a good minor for someone who is majoring in environmental science?
can anybody tell me what this bug is?
what can a 15 year old do as communty action?
help ! advise ! any suggestions?
how munch energy (vaults) do you save per year when you are using a programmable thermostat?
what are similarities and differences of renewable and non renewable energy?
How can u find energy of a biscuit?
Are earthquakes more/less powerful in different places of San Francisco?
Is carbon dioxide a serious threat to modern civization?
Is carbon dioxide a serious threat to modern civization?
An example of two seemingly unrelated events, one taking place in Beijing?
can anybody email me a poster related to green energy for competition?
How would I work out carrying capacity of certain species?
What is the contaminations caused by the agriculture activities ?
are there electric bikes with gears?
What other solutions do we have to solve our need for energy besides renewable energies?
What is the water quality parameters list ?
Are you willing to risk the future of your children so easily, cc deniers?
i need to think of a catchy title for an article about electric involving climate change?
Diatomaceous Earth Food Grade 100 percent safe?
Are trend calculations being used properly in climate science?
Why do people say CO2 is driving global warming on Earth when Mars proves other wise?
Can humans survive in an a 80% co2/20% o2 atmosphere?
The social benefit of CO2?
where in the U.S.A has the cheapest cost of living?
Science question on climate! 10 points to best answer :-)?
Germany and Denmark are two countries that have done the most for green energy?
Has anyone read this study?
what are some physical and environmental effects that agriculture has on water?
Volcanoes adding 600 million tonnes of CO2?
Just read Leo DiCaprio's Facebook Post about Global Warming, and I've got some questions?
Is Nuclear Energy controversial? If so why?
Does anyone know a wind turbine trader?
Do climate skeptics ever check their sources?
How would you describe the warming of the planet from 1960 to present?
what is the difference between unnatural and natural watercourses?
career choice advice?
will a 200w electric bike go uphill?
Is \alarmist\ any more or less of an insult than \denier\?
Good ways to save electricity?
If the predictions of a cold winter are correct, what effect will this have on the global warming industry?
How do I look grand? How do I make myself appear awe-inspiring in front of people?
Renewable Energy Vs Heritage Assets.?
How to not smell like weed?
what type of car is best for an hho installation?
What are some natural resources used in making Computers?
what are they testing my air for?
Is climate science at the top of the hard sciences?
When did Bert Bolin (1st chair of IPCC) ever \say there is no man-made Global Warming\?
Accents and prejudices?
What would be the name of your six counties?
why LPG is liquefied ?
climate change temperature rise too fast for flora and fauna?
How is wildlife dependent on Natural Vegetation?
how to market Ethanol as a biofuel?
If people think that fluoride and chlorine in water is good for them, then why do they think AGW is happening?
Why AGW theorists believe in the UN when it comes to Global Warming?
Are humans ruining the oxygen?
Why am I not getting high?
What factors might limit a country's ability to protect its environment?
Do I add potential and kinetic energy for mechanical energy?
Why are Starlings the most hated bird in America?
Is it true that if you can't explain the \pause\ you can't explain the cause?
What some people say about rising sea levels?
Why do the deniers lie and say that the average yearly sea level around islands like Tuvalu is not rising?
Need to learn about cars and know nothing about them?
too many copperheads?
what are 4 things that change on our enviroment?
please tell me when lonnie g. jhonson was born?
How many goals does the founder of the NHL Network score in a season?
why climate change is good for the world?
Why do the Warmongers lie and say that islands like Tuvalu?
Question about fish tank?
Im sleeping but Im thinking.?
how does alternative fuels reduce air pollution ?
1985 toyota van electric conversion?
Is my Gas mask suppose to be super tight? Im worried.?
Was it spice or weed?
What exactly goes into recycling?
What is a good reliable website to find a solar installer to get a free estimate?
What were Giant panda numbers like before they became endangered?
PEOPLE WHO LIVE IN CALIFORNIA HELP!!!?
If it is \Global\ Warming, then how is it a national security issue?
I am looking for a more conservative way of living.?
How to get rid of a dead spider in my bath plug?
How to get rid of a dead spider in my bath plug?
United States Military invovement in climate change/global warming?
I have a solar plate which is having output of around 7 Watts (or Volts!?).?
Is it illegal for my electricity meter to be in a adjoining property?
i need help! science ! points given!!!! please help!!!?
why are basking sharks endangered?
how many pounds of hydrogen is this?
What is the UK's energy mix made up of?
Why don’t wind turbines use weights to store excess energy in low demand times?
Are these questions related to Global Warming subject to a balanced debate?
Is it hypocritical of Governments to not include payment to climate research in the public sector?
Are England's climate policies good or bad for the poor?
Any information at all on bio-fuels?
importance of global actions in protecting extreme environments from the threat of climate change?
What are the advantages of using insecticides on species?
what many ways can i reuse plastic bottles profitably?
What is your opinion about the world and all its people?
The useless Boehner shutdown cost c. $20 bil. How many centuries of climate science research could that fund?
How do bush fires stop naturally if there is no rain?
Glucose is broken down in a step by step fashion so that the released energy can be stored and converted into?
what career would match this?
what career would match this?
What is involved in phase I site assessment?
What is holding us back from using biomass energy?
Funny example of what might happen when a species exceeds its carrying capacity?
In an energy level with 9 orbitals, the orbitals are lettered?
What does it mean to be a species native to California/US?
What is the role of living things in the recycling?
Why can methane make the global warming?
Tree stand harness help!?
What is the global warming effects on plankton and what is its effect on the world?
What would happen if all the lumberjacks went on strike?
Is Zhaoyang Explosion-proof Electric Heater available fully automated controlled?
how does climate change effect fires (prescribed burns)?
What's the climate change for nuclear energy?
Where is the best place to generate energy?
How can I encourage my students to take showers?
How do desert mirages occur?
Would you vote for a political party if they refused to debate scientists in public?
How many science articles has Joseph Blast ever read in his lifetime?
Is this good proof on why global warming is a hoax?
Can you smoke resin off a paper towel?
How can I get all apartment buildings to have rooftop gardens?
Is the Bayaka tribe affeted by deforestation ?
Am I too old to be riding my bike around?
In America, the rich neighborhoods are generally on the west side of cities. Why?
Problems with Lundy Island MPA....?
Quito, Ecuador is located on the Equator 0°. Its yearly temperature is lower than the yearly temperature of?
Locked outside my house in the rain?
How important is the industrial revolution in relation to global warming?
what is cellular energy found in bio molecules?
what reaction describes how organisms release energy from food?
we removed a tree and the trunk and now saplings, from the root system are sprouting.?
Can Madison Gas& Electric turn you off in the winter months?
are we running out of energy resource (engine oil / gear oil)?
Which one use more ENERGY: Fans or AC?
Which is the most authoritative scientist or organisation that casts doubt on man-made climate change?
Need caption. Pls help?
What products could be invented or designed that would prevent pollution on our beaches?
Should we eat jellyfish, or can we harvest and burn for 'free' energy?
bed bug Co2 .............?
Can a spider only have six legs?
Wats the name of aeroplane fuel?
of the total amount of energy that passes from one trophic level to another about 10% is?
Question on hydrogen gas?
does a gas cooker hose have to be bayonet fitting?
what is global warming?
What was the warmest period in the last 2,500 Years?
Tell me a problem in your neighborhood and how you think it can be fixed?
explain the water cycle and its relationship. to weather ahd climate.?
What was the warmest period in the last 2,500 Years?
What's wrong with the sky?
I have a Ladybug question?
Why people believe in AGW?
where can i get paid for recycling vhs tapes?
What if the top hundred or so working group leaders, etc. of IPCC were to pull a Boehner like shutdown?
This guy in upper Michigan can't get help to pick his apples - what should he do?
Why the IPCC is 95% certain humans caused warming?
How are the contributors to the IPCC chosen?
Is run amok anti-science-ist spoiling?
Do ANY anti-science deniers here really understand the difference between politics and science?
Would you vote for a political party if they refused to debate in public?
Is complete tolerance of run-amok anti-science-ists good or bad for Yahoo?
Are warmunist climate policies good or bad for the poor?
Muscadine grapes in Indiana?
Is it true that the US has had the fewest forest fires in three decades?
Whats the possibility of us getting snow or another blizzard this year?
Any ideas on how to figure out my school's utility bill/waste amount?
Would you find exposed granite in Toronto area?
Plz answer me as soon as possible?
Which type of rock is used to make cement?
Turbidites are caused by what events?
Is it hard to maintain an electric vehicle?
Do cliamte skeptics have trouble with the concept of \hotter and colder\?
If you sent an electric shock through hydrogen gas under a magnetic field what would happen?
What do you do if you work in fisheries?
what are the reasons for biodiversity formation?
Article on global warming?
Can i have article on global warming?
Why are more people choosing to live in coastal regions in spite of climate change?
What is the ideal percentage of CO2 in the atmosphere?
Where to urinate outside?
Another ocean acidification terminology question (chemistry)?
Rolly polly/ pill bugs that don't roll up?
worldwide GHG gas distributions ?
How should I kill myself I will graduate from college with a 2.5 GPA?
I want to donate monthly to help protect Orangutans, who should I donate to?
Why do denialists have such a hard time understanding that climate is complicated?
No schoolchild has seen global warming, statement that says it all really?
What happens behind closed doors at the IPCC?
What is the destination for the wind generator parts traveling eastbound on I-94 in Michigan ?
school projects on electricity management?
Will Regions Give Me Change?
what is eatofresh.com?
How to make a hydrogen fuel mobile charger?
what's your opinion about green cars design and a new green carbonated drink?
advantages of sustainable communities?
Do anti-science deniers of human-caused climate change understand what time is?
Climate and soil in the forest biome?
what is the two glassy thing on the sides of the united nation podium?
PLEASE HELP! I CAN SENSE ENERGY FROM PEOPLE i have a story?
Does this make any sense to Global Warming theorists?
Environmental Law Situation?
how to use rainfall data to analyse occuring of landslide events?
Benefits of a natural environment...?
Questions about Canada need to be answered now?
what brings about changes in the climate of the world?
What would happen if more CO2 was in the atmosphere?
Climate Change what Ed Lorenz says about it?
Is it legal to build a house in a forest or conservation area?
What are some native and nonnative species of the tundra?
Why don't enough people take global warming seriously?
Is it true that no current school child has ever seen any global warming?
Explain why biodiversity is important for the survival of species, including humans. How could the destruction?
climate scientist are having problems convincing the public?
So scary, disappearing animals. Bees, bats, deformed frogs, lizards and today, moose.?
What will electric supercars do for their sound?
how does the north Atlantic drift affect the climate of Europe?
I got this rock necklace but I don't know the type?
Does a Slingshot have any gravitational energy?
A question about climate models and identifying past Global climate : Are they trying to predict the past?
what type of wood is indigenous to the UK?
Are zebras white with black stripes or black with white stripes?
How can i save the planet and environment?
what needs to happen to an injector pulse width for more fuel to be injected?
Brooklyn, NYC Electric Bill CRAZY high...Why it is so high?
Is it illegal to have over 10 vehicles in backyard of house and do bodywork on them daily?
Is an acorn a producer?
Why is ice-berg so important to penguins and polar bears?
Help choosing a career?
Does everyone have crazy party experiences?
How much electricity and energy bills can you waste a day in your home?
dont you think maybe if my country and society treated me an my family better i wouldnt hate it so much?
is using electricity bad for the environment?
Describe the distribution of and explain the distribution of tropical rainforests and coniferous forests.?
How do places like Bangladesh predict coastal flooding?
global warming and more of it?
Hello, I'm not born in the United States.?
Who will be the first climate skeptic here to go all Freudian Projection about this article?
how do saline marshland form?
I have ceiling fans with energy saving light bulb in the middle top of the wall?
how can control Tsunami ?
Regional Aquifer Usage in VA?
LPG Gas and AADHAR CARD?
Evidence of man-made climate change?
Why is it good to use vernacular design?
it is not user-friendly at alllllllllll...........please tell me how I can shift back to the previous format?
what is the diference between thin film solar panel and crystalline silicone solar panel?
What are the element shaping the climate?
isthere an exoticplant what gives humans energy?
Augugugu.This roach is in my study room.I'm alone and I need to finish my projects in here.Help!?
Best place to live around dallas metroplex?
Why is non-renewable energy the world's major energy source?
Could this work as a solution to global warming?
is there a exotic plant in the world that gives humans energy?
How long do you shower?
green speck sized bugs?
Why do we continue to use nuclear energy?
What different kinds of stores are there?
what could be come solutions for sustainable energy?
i am a 13 year old girl what can i do on haloween with my girl?
tonal characteristics of bathwood?
Should I go to school today?? There has been terrible fires?
why do you need an electric beater?
Any experts on the global warming hoax?
Can you swim inside a cloud?
I have a new well and the water was very pink but it did get better, but still looks pink in a glass.?
Describe how positive feedback involving a loss of albedo effect would affect global warming?
Is ocean acidification an \alarmist\ term?
Are we waiting for Global Warming to happen? ... or has it happened already?
Can someone explain how to capture and use gas from slurry and sewage?
Can spiders get through closed windows?
Is this a False Widow? UK?
does africa have nice climate?
could a borg like being be mans saviour?
I stop using disposable razors. Is that good for the earth?
How much money, water, energy and detergent would we save if everyone eliminated white from their wardrobe?
How do rollercoasters work? Relate to energy changes...?
Reason for using deforestation for harvesting timber?
Is Cloning the only way to preserve an Endangered species existence?
Reconditioning old Cars?
what is the difference between energy consumption and power consumption?
is it important to recycle?
help with climate change please!?
IS it Necessary to protect living things (both animals and human beings) and why?
good and bad effects of green revolution?
Where does wood come from?
i have always wondered this?
What kind of egg do you think this could be?
What the hell IS this thing? Some sort of caterpillar?
ENVIRONMENT - Light Bulbs, Switching On & Off?
how do people who are barred out text?
climate change pause may last another?
How To Find Which Foods Give Off Most Energy?
Which of these is closer to reality, re: tipping points?
Weapons out of household items?
How do you use the word discipline?
what hapened to the plastice spray bottle after we recycle?
What is the industrial manufacturing process of Bio Plastic.?
My daughter recently came upon about 50 dead crickets in her basement that appeared to have been eaten?
Why do farmers kill badgers and foxes in particular? What do these animals do to them?
Why do farmers kill badgers and foxes in particular? What do these animals do to them?
the pennsylvania department of environmental protection, or DEP?
Is America using HAARP to weaponize the Weather, and if so, can it prevent Hurricanes elsewhere in the World?
Ao I have Arachnophobia?
Is this the EPA imposing their will on people without legislation?
We are having an essay contest and the topic is energy efficiency and energy conservation.?
How hard is it google Koch Bros, to see their ownership role in fossil fuels and role spreading anti-science?
how can i make a difference in wilderness preservation?
Some studies indicate that pesticides are safe and effective. Many people believe that there is nothing wrong?
What do you think about a 16 year old girl always having her teddy bear with her?
They say the sun does not affect our climate?
climate change and fox news?
i found this bug out in my back yard and it is black and yellow and it jumps and has a brown or black face?
Why is global warming bad for us?
HOW TO CHANGE OVER FROM A ELECTRIC FUEL SYSTEM TO A MANUAL FUEL SYSTEM?
Can the topic of waste (food waste, landfill, water waste) be considered as a social issue?
Is Bowling Green, Ky 32 degrees? or something?....?
If energy cannot be cannot be created or destroyed why does plants need new energy?
Why do so many Amercans not believe in anthropogenic global warming?
Simple Yes or No- Save the Pandas?
Where can I find reed leaves around Sydney?
Simple Yes or No- Save the Snow Leopards?
I saw a duck today with this weird thing from it's feathers, wondering if anyone might know what it was?
How many Geothermal Energy producing plants are there in Mexico and Central America?
How efficiant can we make Solar Panels?.?
Electric Motor in a Range Rover?
All electric to gas flat ?
how can we save coastal wetlands?
Does Anyone Remember \The Twiglet\?
Please help? Battery electric cars!?
what energy could be cheapest?
what happends to trash when collected?
Are government officials incapable of realizing that best guess future estimates are not precise predictions?
green revolution means?
where can I find pepper spray in Hyderabad ?
Environmental Impacts of the anthropogenic climate change?
Opinions about water management schemes in LEDCs?
What can i recycle at home UK?
what is ecology defination?
what are some advantages and disadvantages of Vikoma and EDF Energy?
How have the badgers \moved the goalposts\?
Give some idea how to make working model on conservation of energy.?
Help me make an essay about safeguarding the environment?
Has the climate of California always been Mediterranean?, what about the future?
Weird sounds in house im watching for someone!?
­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­?
what organelles do both animal and plant cells have?
Should animals have a bill of rights?
a poem which covers factors of energy such as reasons we need to conserve enery and ways to do so?
Torture in a hostel in the UK?
Ideas for energy conservation project?
How hard is it google Koch Bros, to see their ownership role in fossil fuels and role spreading anti-science?
If the grass is greener on the other side and the grass on this side is greener..then what?
What does fleet mean in business terms?
Are politicians incapable of realizing that best guess future estimates are not precise predictions?
CuSO4+Zn gives Hydrogen gas?
Why aren't more people addressing the more important issues in the world?
Help me come up with issues related to animals?
Any existing solar power users? Companies, brands and individuals..?
Why/How are Siberian Tigers endangered and why are they important?
How would i power my refrigerator purely with solar power?
what part of the united States does the continental climate region cover?
what part of the united States does the continental climate region cover?
how is / will climate change affect coastal wetlands?
I have a question about water sampling?
What accounts for low pH in boreholes and hand-dug wells?
Are climate models predicting the future again?
can quarter turn dirty gold color when it tones?
Research - What characteristics do you think of when you think of a MAGPIE?
We had a black bear break into our mudroom last night...?
Why the wording difference between this IPCC report and the last one?
are safety razor better for the environment then disposable razor?
How can some producers get energy in the absence of sunlight?
Receding Alaska glacier reveals ancient trees?
Who owns \big oil\?
information on germany wildlife?
Can you use an electric car to somehow power say a appliance?
Hi! I really need some help with this question in my enviromental science course, I need to know if someone?
ways to conserve tigers?
What building regulations apply to the environment?
How does global warming affect world climate?
What stores sale polyethylene resealable bags?
How does electricity affect the planet and our own health.?
what animals are mainly affected by habitat loss?
Are anti-science deniers incapable of realizing that best guess future estimates are not precise predictions?
why we should conserve conventional sources of energy?
What's the point in conserving electricity?
Need help with a speech!! Please help!!?
Please help, need help with speech!!!!!?
If climate science doesn't yet understand or is able to predict?
what is oxidation stabilization in treatment sewage?
All information on extinction in Pandas?
Is green globe tour destinations inc a scam?
Can anyone decipher this?
Do Antarctica and Alaska have the same environment?
What is an explanation that matches a hypotheses but that may change?
If the IPCC doesn't yet understand or can predict?
What is the Earth's new climate sensivity?
Grade 9 academic science questions. Please help.?
what is a something to say about an energy drink?
Need help creating superhero name?
How much energy do i use while showering?
What can you tell me about the Sabine River in Texas?
Should we exploit ion engines?
How does Climate Change affect our weather?
What, in your view, are the 5 most important things for teens to understand about AGW (and do most of them)?
Is it ok for me to still go to the park?
Shouldn't \warmers\ be skeptical of the supposed pause in global warming?
Is anyone getting tired of anti-science posters pretending they read science?
if I water my house plant w bong water will it grow into a Mar!juana?
what are some good cars to get when your a 15 yearold girl?
what are some good cars to get when your a 15 yearold girl?
Is anyone getting tired of the rhetoric?
give anaction plan on air pollution?
Chloroplasts capture solar energy and store it as chemical energy in the form of?
give me a action plan on air pollution?
Why do they have to kill loads of Badgers?
is lead eco-friendly?
Will nuclear power run out eventually?
whick cellular procces coverts solar energy in to chemical energy?
how do orbital changes and varying solar output lead to climate change?
Interrelationships between species?
Explain why your internal climate is so important to communicating effectively.?
Pills food or drink to increase energy and motivation?
how can soil be milked by men?
i have a pair of green terra. when i bought 30days ago they are fighting regular?
What provides the energy for active transport in a cell?
what are some issues surrounding deforestation?
dengue fever is spread in a different way. explain how it is spread and why climate change might increase the?
did i do the right thing killing this rabbit?
What does it mean to \Feed the World\?
I need some research topic about solar energy.. can anyone help?
Fishing Sustainably!!?
How can I make my home more energy efficient?
Why should I buy Energy Star labeled equipment?
What is a \unilateral notice\? What action should I take?
I can not control my sex please advice me?
why are we pushing wind power?
What's with Certain Parties accusing people of being deniers when they're not?
How many endangered mammals are there in Australia?
is it true that out radiating energy is almost all from?
Anyone knows what kind of creature is this ?Found in my parking?
How many types of renewable energy are there?
can dams help in capture fishing?
To those who knew and loved Byderule ...?
Green Environment. - What are the present application of work function laws?
I found this beetle and it looks strange can some 1 help me find the name of it?
What causes Global Warming?
Why in some country, the Energy Consumption is dropping??
Enviromental Issues/Topics?
There's a word for it right?
What is one of the protected areas for deciduous forest?
how does acid rain affect the demand for wildlife production?
Why does the night gives me more energy ?
do mosquito candles work in the woods?
How to paint a recycling bin?
How much energy is in a common EV battery?
Consequences of urbanization in developing nations?
how much 1 litre of gasoline releases CO2?
What supplies the cell with energy?
did i just see a unicorn??????
How much time Earth will need to restore all forests that human destroyed?
is there an electric truck?
Is this possum playing dead or actually dead? PLEASE HELP QUICK?
How does the conservation of natural resources maintain biodiversity?
what has the rspb been doing recently?
How do I tell Amazon this on my computer?
Which takes less energy to grow?
what do offshore breakwaters do to protect the coast?
If it's really global warming, why does the NYT call it climate change?
Help on Deforestation Info?
I dropped my brand new stainless steel canteen, is there anyway to make it look new again?
which European country is better?
which European country is better?
which European country is better?
I am ALWAYS bored, I need help!?
Why was corn genetically modified?
help does anyone have biomass heating system? need info!!?
Who was the first man to give us the idea that global warming can be used for trade?
Name the scientist who gave us the economic idea of global warming?
Who gave the idea that global warming can be used for trade?
What is best way to clean water scale?
Is this why CO2 doesn't have the warming effect that AGW advocates claim?
Is South St and Atlantic a safe place to live?
Evidence of AGW harm to this point in time?
one unit of electricity saved equal to how many units of energy produced in India?
Which of these statements about weather and AGW are closest to the truth?
What do you understand by the term sustainable use of mineral resources?
Advantages of Marine Parks?
There's a beautiful apt building on Georgia and Sonoma in downtown Vallejo. Is it a bad area?
Questions about unsafe drinking water?
What does it say about Yahoo's reputation that Pegm... has fewer best As in global warming than Sagebr...?
Why do Boys/men need to wear tee shirts or vests for?
Ideas for a Recycling Commercial?
how do you go about changing a light bulb!!!?
What are some of the warmest national forest?
Calculate the energy of photons with wavelength 4.0 µm and 0.157 nm. ?
where can i take cigarette butts 4 cash recycling?
What should I think about climate change?
What are the consequnces that water scarcity affects on the environment and humanity?
Help me to identify this wood plz?
How is potential energy is converted to kinetic energy when ball is dropped?
Fake widow need facts to calm my friend down live in london and both 19 please help?
Your favorite season is?
Name 5 ways to conserve energy.?
will we ever be able to explore planets and other galaxies with extreme climate?
Could polar bears be saved by genetic modification?
what are 4 things that water erodes?
what will happen to a person with an endangered animal?
Will Climate Catastrophe Soon Be Forgotten Like All Other Environmental Scare Stories?
What endagered species relies on the keystone species: the North American Beaver?
How can I help animals as a child?
How long will cigarette smoke stay in my room?
were can i buy a sweater with solar system theme on it?
What are stationary air pollution?
Directional drilling companies?
What is the rate of 100 meter solar panel?
Your view on habitat destruction.?
GEOGRAPHY; Explain how the development of tourism can improve economic and social conditions for local people?
if I am a inexperienced coal miner in ky and I get a mining job in indiana?
why when you ask a question on this site there are always some miserable jack asses who want to start a fight?
What is the critical temprature?
All hail the prehistoric farmers? Saved us from an ice age?
How is global warming affecting life on Earth?
What will happen to the marine life if the oceans heat up due to global warming?
what is the acidity of hydrogen halides?
how to navigate the electric aggregation companies?
which human activities are responsible for adding greenhouse gases to the atmosphere?
How much of the total radiative energy budget has changed in the past 100 years on this planet?
Is there a way to clean biodiesel fuel injectors or should I buy new?
If human activities can not be controlled, and pollution in the atmosphere and in the water and soil?
Does caffiene help in increase the energy for short interval of time?
how i can install home solar system with subsidy from Andhra pradesh government?
do you think text messaging has superseded emails?
SOME INFORMATION ON MEDICINAL PLANTS CONSERVATION AREA?
Does one German non-scientist blogger on Wattsup prove that we are spending billions on climate change?
everyone has a guilty pleasure, what is yours?
Is mankind really making progress or just \turbulent stagnation\? Will technology offset the damage ?
What is the difference between energy and nutrient transfer?
What is a specific example for why Beavers are a Keystone Species?
How does Use of Renewable Feedstock Help protect the environment?
Survivability of a deserted island?
What kind of bug is this?
How can I repel Spiders?
How does hyper 9x fuel effect the liver?
Solar panel idea, needs your thoughts?
Does any one know if it is against the law to have an under ground oil tank filled with sand?
are we spending billions on climate change?
Is it a valid argument to point to Venus?
10.000 walrus come ashore, of course it's global warming?
What good are fossil fuels and coal?
10.000 walrus come ashore, of course it's global warming?
Global warming is ‘no longer a planetary emergency’ --- says the World Federation of Scientists?
Why would the World Federation of Scientists say Global warming is ‘no longer a planetary emergency’?
What are the local and global sources of air pollution?its asked for 5marks?
Does ocean topography impact deep water formation?
how do people misuse rivers?
Does powdered dishwasher detergent contain ground chicken feathers?
How long does it take the sun to provide enough energy to meet earths energy needs for one year?
Can you recommend a plan to move to Los angeles, Ca?
Even though they are not being paid?
If it starts getting really cold, will we wish we had global warming back?
Does anyone know of any Buckeye trees in the Columbus, Ohio areas?
What is the best electric car on the market? And why are they still unpopular for the customer?
Who are involved in monitoring wildlife?
How successful are technologies used to monitor wildlife?
who is the better enmax or direct energy?
Will we wish we had global warming back if it starts getting really cold?
Can someone tell me what this is?
Weird bug I found at Mingo Park in Delaware, OH?
Pennsylvania people please help!!?
Average Rate of Change Math Problem?
Geography crossword - Environment?
what are these green circles?
What watertype does the temperate rainforest have?
african villagers killing lions?
Global warming, why is heat produced by man never mentioned?
how can we just shut up?
Is nuclear power a renewable or non-renewable energy source?
Would a carbon tax in Alberta,make the bitumen from the oil sands more palatable?
what are some ledc countries?
compare and contrast trophic levels, food chains, and food webs.?
Why do scientists consider invasive species to be a problem? What makes a species invasive and what ecological?
Is the time ever right to dip out?
What do I do if there's a snake in my yard?
What was greenpeace thinking?
What causes the annual haze over Malaysia and Singapore from Indonesia?
hydrogen combustion based car for science fair?
What are the problems with biomass as an energy source?
Chem trails what do you know about them and how serious is this phenomena?
What can we do in our society to be happier and contribute to the happiness of others (family, friends, workp?
Do you believe the environment (family, friends, workplace etc...) influence your happiness? In what manner?
What makes you truly happy?
Biology-chemical energy being made?
A 15-kg ball is falling at a height of 10m. Determine the following. a.)initial Potential Energy, b.) KEmax,?
Is it a valid argument to point to Venus?
Does global warming have a for and against side to it?
How to get a job in the wilderness outdoors nature?
what causes global warming?
good Air Conditioner. daikin or hitachi?
environmental scientists and people studying it: Is it fun or boring?
Convert ethanol to D2O?
Global warming in California?
What will you do for the environment?
You have no idea where you are. All you can hear are Friendly Bush-warblers Chirping What country are you in?
Earths energy budget how much?
who use more energy? rice cooker or water kettle?
How to conserve wildlife?
(20 characters) HOW does ice form?
do i need a licence for electric scotter?
I have recently decided I would like to become a wild life conservation officer.?
I have recently decided I would like to become a wild life conservation officer.?
I have recently decided I would like to become a wild life conservation officer.?
Why is it october and its still so hot?
why is moving a bit scary?
bird species being protected in area cordoned off along I-495 LIE during construction between 1993-2005?
If global temps have indeed, stayed flat for last 15 years, should Al Gore return his Nobel, Oscar, Tony, etc?
What would you rather have? A appliance that uses lots of energy and lasts a long time or a energy efficient..?
Where can I get marijuana seeds in miami?
what arguement can i use to began my debate as aff. on nuclear power plant?
What if we hadn't had fossil fuels, and what if anything does this suggest about a fossil fuel-less future?
How to stop pollution?
What are the primary sources of energy and form of energy?
Why did tropical storm Karen form in the Gulf and not in South Dakota?
What is the upper and lower limits of CO2 warming?
Alternative Energy related to Physics?
a question for all bowfishers !?
In hot countries, what would be a good soln. to keeping outside house area cool-plastic sheets,cold water flow?
Explain if there is a better solution in hot countries than A/C to keep cool, while maintaining an air flow?
can 1hp of energy produce quantity of hydrogen to operate 285 hp combustible engine?
help me to narrow down the causes and effects of global warming?
Wanted to know about SPO Solar power obligation?
Does the American government own the rain that falls on American soil?
What caused the ozone hole?
Antarctic ice extent a new record?
what kind of spider is this?
What lightbulbs can i get that are similar to incandescents once they are banned?
HOW TO BECOME A MUSLIM?
Criteria for a construction?
Reading a temperature graph is scientific? ... or can a layman do it?
Poll Question: Which type of living things are easier to take care of? Humans or animals?
What is the environmental impact of nuclear waste?
Where a used Tesco Energy saving stick - a light bulb should go?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of using plastic bags and cloth bags?
What are some ways a farm can be environmentally friendly?
Who do you call to clean hazardous materials, spills, or other?
Is it possible to capture solar energy from plants?
why should we protect humpback whales?
can i use hydraulic oil as an alternative to transformer oil?
What bug is this? It is small and rotates when it moves?
Is Global Warming Really Happening - How Do We Know?
Since the emperatues will go up what are we doing to prepare?
Should I be buying the following coat if I am a staunch environmentalist?
Is there a site which tells how to recycle plastic that doesn't have a recycle code?
I have private trash collection and they throw it all in one big dump truck?
Are people who claim global warming is causing hurricanes, 'science deniers'?
Examples of potential energy turning into kinetic energy.?
Photosynthesis!!!! Help?
why are we so controled?
Most dangerous countries in terms of wildlife?
Why I'm finding so many spiders in my home?
What do you think about this guy... that keeps messaging people on Craigslist?
What are the pros and cons of having a larger service desk?
Does united states reduce fuel consumption?
What are we suppose to call people (scientists) who believe humans are causing the planet to warm dangerously?
What do science deniers think they mean by talking about \AGW advocates\?
I am trying to see how much energy my hp uses plugged in. The adapter say Wide Range Input 65w what is this?
Give a brief account on the role of mitochondria in cellular energy transaction?
How are the UK Met Office climate models performing?
Is renewable energy on a house a worthy investment?
Ideas for journal entry from the point if veiw of a green plant?
Are AGW advocates their own worst enemy?
Is energy of earth is increasing?
Angle grinder problem electric?
Has the bridge on my electric guitar shifted?
Is the coal in train cars burnable?
Can true environmentalists eat meat and dairy?
Blocked access that has been used for generations to local fields?
If big changes in solar radiation due to decreased cloud cover?
What are the common wires used in the installation of solar panels system?
How is activation energy related to bond energy?
Can light energy be converted into sound energy?justify your answer with appropriate examples?
Intense physical activity that requires short burst of energy?
medium size bug that jumps? What is it?!?
What is Seawater Desalination?
Questions about greenhouse gases?
Punny name ideas for a recycling project?
Can you see global warming here?
Help! I need the name of this T.V show!?
With all the state of the art tools avaiable. Why can't GW alarmist get a simple trend right?
Why is global warming bad, if we will eventually end up with more beaches?
I have to do a cause and effect term paper on global warming, what are 2 good causes and one effect I can use?
Unlimited Energy????????????????
Explain why some groups doubt the occurrence of global warming and global climate change.?
what are the 60 endangered insects in america?
What are your thoughts on the US government shutdown ... ?
Found one brown recluse in my house, does that mean theirs more?
What is your favorite season of the year?
Why is it good to have a low fuel consumption?
Are these catastrophic scenarios properly conveyed in the media or by climate scientists?
Conservation Methods?
Live on an Island.......?
Is this world getting worse now?
has anyone heard of this new white spider in the USA?
Where can i find liberty caps in liverpooll?
What is scope of conventional energy sources in India ?
What are your thoughts on climate change?
role of renewable energy in disaster management?
Human-caused global warming?
Is it a coincidence that none of the deniers in here have studied physics, meteorology or climate science?
A crate of 890kg is lifted to a height of 2.1m .Calculate the crates gravitational potential energy?
If every car owning American owned an all electric vehicle opposed to a gas one, how much money would we save?
if global warming is real why didn't it occur during the victorian industrial revolution?
Will anti-Fracking campaigners go to Russia with their message, after the Greenpeace arrest?
What are Florida's two Resident Upland game birds?
What are the meanings of these words?
what are the harmful gases that affects the environment?
Neighbor Problem PLEASE HELP!?
ABC announces that temps will rise 212 degrees, just how stupid are the warming folks?
How many employees does the Australian solar company CAPTAIN GREEN SOLAR employ?
Other than denial that cigarettes cause cancer, where does denial of the science of climate change come from?
if i lived in md for 3 years and va for 8 and ivory coast for 4 years?
What happened in Brunei during the 1940s which caused their massive co2 emission?
what can i do when our government don't care about our wildworld?
What grade of gas should I use in my Dodge Dakota?
Brita pitcher make lake water drinkable?
With the climate change rate, how soon will it be before NY starts boasting its the New North Carolina?
how has netherlands been affected by nuclear profileration?
If Climate change models are not accurate in predicting future climate change?
are 94 honda cevic cars standers or automatic?
Antarctic ice extent is growing?
Looking for a good tuner car?
Do greenhouse gases have any use?
How does a change in longitude affect climate?
Species over-reproduce?
See? Walrusses aren't being crowded so much?
Hey man can you understand that global warming because of the sun?
Can someone explain his logic to me, please?
A magnetic field has a magnitude of 0.0013 T, and an electric field has a magnitude of 5.9 × 103 N/C.?
What is the magnitude of the electrostatic force on a charge of 8.75 C that is placed in a uniform electric?
Why do haters of science obsessively use nonsense terms like \warmist\ and \alarmist\?
Five ways of controlling pollution?
I got jumped by a gang of kids 4 weaks ago at nigth 16-17 age and im 18?
What is web site for lsast question reviewed?
where can i get a detailed floor plan of a public building?
My 1995 chevy 1500 will start and idle for about enough time to use the fuel in the lines but then dies? What?
Five ways of controlling water and air pollution?
Five ways of controlling pollution?
Why are experts starting to talk about a looming \water crisis\?
will a bmw startup if the oil needs to be change?
this girl today was reading me was this a good thing or bad thing?
New England, do you think we'll have another warm winter?
Can a bio-weapon targeting only humans species be created?
Can people predict earthquakes?
Which is better: Solar Power or Natural Gas?
what are environmentally friendly inks made of?
ideas for statistics related to environment?
How can you minimise energy losses at home?
How can you minimise energy losses at home?
How can you minimise energy losses at home?
Energy Block Diagram?
Geography homework on Climate Change?
Reducing the Emissions of Nitrous Oxide into the air? See Questions Below?
Do you think humans are able to solve major problems facing humanity (like climate change and overpopulation)?
Does anyone know what kind if bug this is?
Stink bug infestation ?
My apartment is just above the boiler room & ventilation is right outside my window, should I be concerned?
What is wrong with this picture (warmest decade)?
What's your favorite denialist misconception about what climatologists claim?
Do people go to conferences alone?
AGW and \golden rice\ issue comparison?
What does it mean when a guy says \your too skinny.\...?
What can I do to my outdated encyclopedias?
How do human activities affect our environmemt?
I am given a speech on energy conservation in electric system only 5 mintues?
any nature communities in california?
How will the green climate fund assist countries affected from climate change?
Stink Bug in my room?
does anyone have any advice on how to clean a very messy basements?
Types of Diesel Fuel?
How can you minimise energy loss at home?
Extraction of Biodiesel form waste plastic Oil and evaluate engine performance?
What are the consequences of non renewable resources if they run out?
Why is the IPCC 95% certain?
which is the crop u suggest me to get perreniel returns with less effort?
What happens if the inmates really do seize control of the asylum?
roommate thermostat issues?
How does poverty affect the environment?
does bmw make rolls royce?
Taking Firewood to dockweiler beach on California?
when traveling on rural roads at high speeds, remember you will?
Sea salt turning bath green?
Why are german cars so unreliable?
I have a sports car, will a pizza place hire me as a delivery driver?
I have a sports car, will a pizza place hire me as a delivery driver?
If there was a way to conserve water without costing you any more, would you use it?
Is it normal to wear a mask and not be scared so much?
Are range rovers good for hitting bikers?
why is climate change considered a truly global issue?
How come global warming is lowering the water levels of Great lakes and St. Lawrence Seaway?
2002 Cadillac Escalade will it last?
Did Exxon's Valdez crash because the pilot was fighting socialist oppression by reading page 1488 of IPCC?
if global warming is real then why is it such a big deal?
Can I go to disneyland without my parents?
How can someone describe the ionisation energy of an element?
What are some of the risks of reviving extinct species?
I accidentally went through the EZ pass lane?
Possible Lead Poisoning From Christmas Lights?
biofuel questions here please?
Can you help me find an electric motor?
are there anymore padded cells still in use in 2013?
What are some long term AND short term effects of organic and conventional farming?
when is it supposed to snow in Knoxville tn.?
I have a question can I recycle hairspray bottles, soap bottles, cat littler jugs, milk jugs,?
Is Global Warming Fact or Fiction?
How can I conveniently get the rest of the goody out of AA, C, and D disposable batteries?
Can you hold poisonous seeds in your mouth without being poisoned?
car battery, will it die??
car battery, will it die??
Is this type of misleading by the IPCC too blatant to ignore?
has anyone had solar panels fitted through the green deal. can i have a review thanks wakefield uk?
What are the Upcoming Cars in India 2014?
What causes global warming?
5 ways to respond to a volcanic eruption short and long term?
Where would a good place to live to become a automotive photograher?
Is there a better plant than corn for conversion to ethanol?
how to reduce energy consumption?
1 Way humans measure long term climate change and the method of it (NOT POLLEN OR ICE CORES) Thx :D?
What are the weaknesses of AGW CO2 theory?
Is the human species engaged in behaviour that will eventually lead to its own extinction?
Does anyone have a good temperature graph with a long running average?
how could you use pollen to measure climate change?
Fuel shut off valve question:?
What steps can energy companies take/taken to reduce their energy consumption?
Possible solutions to the problems caused by human activity?
how human activities effect the environment?
Restoring cactus plant?
Can anyone think of anything good about winter?
What does EPA Est mean?
Splitting a water molecule into oxygen, hydrogen, and eletctions using light energy is called?
a bee is always visiting me?
Can we be destroyed by a nuclear catastrophe?
Is that explosion at Bezerkley a result of AGW?
How to encourage a stop littering project?
Why did the Yosemite Park get shut down?
what can i with a gps?
I love the forest I just can't get enough I think something's wrong with me?
What kind of big birds fly at night?
exthe importance of experimental to scientific laws was stressed by?
Pollution made by the manufacturing of a computer.?
My sea-turtle can predict earthquakes but, is also endangered. Should I inform the authorities or what?
Does Peru have really bad global warming issues?
Do you know what it is like working as a Kitchen Porter ?
What are some good electric organ bands like Deep Purple or Wolfmother?
an electric kettle uses 3.60KJ of energy to heat a particular quanitity of water. the efficiency of the kettle?
Are solar panels efficiency already calculated in their power rate?
What's the best radar detector out there?
Is Tyler, Texas the same as California?
How is the climate in Tyler, Texas?
Anybody else who think india is full of crap?
kinds of animal . largest anthropoid ap?
How can I bend water fire or air? I would rly like to try.. Serious answers only plz..?
Is the end near for the man-made Global Warming doomsday cult?
Does brushing your teeth for dental hygiene have intrinsic or extrinsic value.?
How many years have to go by until we can establish a trend?
It's a little to much to ask, but...?
How can I become a paleoecologist?
What would you do first during a fire?
How much do city, county, state, and national park rangers in Florida make yearly on average?
What caused the ozone hole?
why do governments want to reduce greenhouse gas emissions?
I found this caterpillar in my yard and I don't know what it is?
Where can I buy ecigs?
HeLp! I am falling asleep??
there's a girl in the garden?
where are the best places to find mushrooms?
Are car rental dealers restricted to the amount of cars that they can park on neighborhood streets?
can I run 55\ Sanyo TV on 45 Watts of Solar?
qualifications and experience for a wildlife conervation officer?
i have a project that involves making a ecosytem what kind of fish could i use?
How do you make biodiesel?
The difference between homes in Puerto Rico and the homes in U.S.?
The difference between homes in Puerto Rico and the homes in U.S.?
IPCC as far as the denying eye can see?
What are the steps to get a job?
Best \season\ of the year?
could we use just one source of energy?
Hat time does it START to get dark on October 1st in the UK?
Do you think the world governments will do anything about global warming as the new UN report is out?
What is your favourite weather?
Was it a bad high or was it something else?
what did I just find? (picture included)?
can syn. oil mix with mineral oil?
Can you guess what species these ducks are?
Which of these is more environmentally friendly?
Proof at last lies have been passed off as the truth?
Start Button on cars?
whats the most expensive car?
Contrasting(?) statements about climate models?
Car trouble, please help?
Progress of climate science?
Cars typically can only start in neutral or park, not drive. Is this correct?
if you could made one change in your city what wouls it be?
Google it? Many Global Warming advocates here promote Google as a search tool but did you know this?
Can someone tell me what species this heron is?
keystone aircondition?
Name the industries which are using CO2 scrubbers ?
If you are paying for your car to be towed can the police?..?
What is that part that allow us to get on a building roof called?
What is the sky for real?
what happens in autumn to the animals?
Are hydroelectric dams considered green ?
Does anyone like this new Y!A format?
Exactly what year did we change from natural temperature to AGW?
climate change and turtles?
What should I do about the table that comes from trash?
Ph.D Plant Ecology / Biodiversity ideas and help?
how is poverty a consequence of environment degradation?
What is the fish that looks like a dog?
My car won't shift into any gears?
What do you think of this pipe?
What is this bug doing in my room?
Does the environment need humans or would it be better off without us?
explain circuits of coal power plant?
How much energy is in the average ev battery?
why electric shock? every time i touch something.?
help me please? this is my proposed outcome: Is gasoline fuel better than diesel fuel?
Which 35 year period looks more alarming?
what would happen if you dug in the sierra desert?
how to not be so bored?
Why is the sky more beautiful at beaches or empty fields?
Why do alarmists say ocean acidification?
Can I use my learners permit as i.d.?
When sunlight shines through a window it exposes particles in the air. Can this be duplicated artificially?
what is the value of timber to Australia?
Why should people support wildlife conservation in Africa?
how does the burning of fossil fuels impact global warming?
Does it look pathetic if someone moves away, and then moves back?
What do you think the fox actually says?
to the horticulturists among you?
What extactly is a fire extinguisher apprentice? What would a fire extinguisher apprentice do?
What convertible car should I get?
Where can I find an estimate of the bee population in the United States over the 20 and 21st century?
How to reduce the effects I have on Global Warming?
Why are \skeptics\ allowed to claim that decades of warming is due to a natural cylcle, and yet?
does slapping yourself in the face make you less high?
If we were to live to see the next 100 years, which side should be more afraid of being proven wrong?
How much are we actually spending *just* on global warming?
how would you describe humid subtropical climate? what well-loved city has it?
How to tell if their is fish in manmade water ?
Does anyone really pay any attention to what the IPCC says anymore?
What is a tercea not sure if spelling is correct?
What was a problem with solar energy 30 years ago?
Are carbon emissions and green house gases the same thing?
If a nuclear power plant produces 1200 mega watts of electrical power and is 30% efficient, approximately how?
Please help I am trying to make an electric go kart. Will 2 12v 7A batteries power a 24v 11.5A motor or not?
Fun Ideas For Ecology Club? Elementary?
Why are electric bulb coated with that white substance andwhat are the coat made up of?
How fast do ink in pens and markers dry up daily?
Why didn't we replace oil with hydrogen.?
Do You Think Reintroducing Species To A Carribean island after it's extinction is good or bad?
Do Climate Change deniers believe that Al Gore has bribed 97% of the world's scientists?
Ways to stop cliamte change?
how can using solar heating for water save on gas bills?
What are the byproducts of lithium-ion batteries?
Why people say solar lamps are more better for outdoors?
What is the difference between solar panels and solar cells?
Will I be able to see the solar eclipse from here?
We might as well blame Global Warming on the plight of the Edmund Fitzgerald. Right?
How does architecture help our environment?
How does architecture help our environment?
If I collected the oil from my face would it be flammable?
I want to know if anyone has an idea of why my Mitsubishi Galant 2006 wastes so much gas lately?
What is the usual pattern of scientific ideas getting overturned?
How fast is a grand national buick?
Can a person Change or Reroute Indiana Streams or Creeks?
Will the alarmists make the same pledge as Eric Holthaus?
What happens when (most) cows are milked?
please read! i have arachnophobia and i have to kill spiders?
My manual says to use unleaded 86 or higher.?
can i own my own petroleum ?
can own my own petroleum reserves or oil reserves?
What are some good volunteering ideas?
Should industrialized countries worry about global warming?
please define relief model and oblate spheroid?
Is there any deep coal mining?
What is the name of this website?
What do I do if my answer box is gone?
\pollution\ is an institutional tool to concentrate more wealth from society and nature?
Does anyone have any predictions on what the alarmists will say in the future?
Why do liberals consider CO2 a pollutant when every single human on Earth breathes it out on a daily basis?
How many H2O molecules are present in 0.5 mole of H2O?
how many axles does a nissan altima 2013 have?
Is being a fighter pilot was great?
Where is true, unbiased non propaganda information about global warming?
Why do anti-science deniers of anthropogenic climate change expect \rejoicing in the \plateau\?
penniless trainee dramatherapist: best way to stay in Findhorn?
people value several other factors other than income in their perception of good quality of life?
environmental impacts of chimney stack?
How to get rid of a lighter?
Why do Warmistas not rejoice in the plateau?
What is a eutrophent?
Life Long travelling?
how can you tell on radar that there is rotation?
The IP CC sets a new carbon budget?
How effective is Yahoo Answers as a training ground for denial of climate science?
i have an 05 silverado, and have no power to tow hitch. why?
Does abybody know the link for an audio clip of a giraffe?
the IPCC has a vague reference to heat going into the oceans can?
What is the dominant species of the Isle Royale?
what technology can help reduce global warming/carbon footprint?
What are solar inverters?
Is there a website out there that is kid friendly in solar energy?
How to reduce global warming (big and small scale)?
How much would observed temperatures be diverging from modelled temperatures?
What site would I go on to look at the ICPP for this year?
Was there a mushroom cloud when Chernobyl exploded?
Does Greenland have a purpose to exist at all?
Are there any Ghost or Haunted House tours in Reston, Va or relatively close to that?
is rust a microorganism????
there's a tiny tiny snake in the bathroom?>?
How stupid are climate change denier copy-cats?
Do you think it's a resourceful idea to use unwanted pets in shelters for lion feed?
How well does this website serve as a training excercise for anti-science proponents of gobal warming?
Is using recycled plastic dangerous?
have paint cans, weed, ant killer cans all sealed under living room?
Why has the various medias NOT been loudly vocal about the damage that the added ETHANOL to petrol?
Conversion of energy?
Where can I find a reputable solar installer that has good reviews?
how good is anESP LTD H-51 electric guitar?
Global warming in my local area?
How can I change the following question into a passive form?
Does their quote mean any thing?
Which is 2nd coldest place on earth Dras or Leh?
What are some of the proposed solutions towards climate change?
Electric blue cichlids?
my car makes a clicking sound when i accelerate.?
There is MORE ice in the ocean now? Global cooling?
What is the basis for the IPCC confidence level?
algae fuel will become reality??
Do you know anything about solar panels?
How are environmental spills prevented?
Does it matter how you look in the UK because our island is so beautiful anyway?
What are the objections to underwater turbines in gulf stream, off the coast of Florida?
Are Electric cigarettes safe for non smoker teens?
how to maintain and preserve non renewable resources?
Was there a point of no return in climate change?
What do you know about \back radiation\?
Isn't it hugely ironic that Climate Change deniers point to the (dubious) financial bias of Al Gore yet...?
Does the fact that Global Temp is increase is coinciding with CO? increase PROVE that the CO? is the CAUSE?
What is 'Climate Forcing'?
how to dispose off torch cells?
Is the NIPCC report a better read than the Government influenced IP CC report?
Would it be cheaper to use a space heater?
Are any anti-science climate deniers here capable of reading and understanding the IPCC reports?
what is the importance of biodiversity in the environment?
What are your views on global warming?
Did you know that anyone can review the IPCC reports?
How effective is Yahoo Answers as a training ground for denial of climate science?
Whats the easiest way to find a job?
How do I know that a new closed system car battery is good for my car and expected to last for a long time ?
What will the Winter hold for the Northwest this year?
How effective is Yahoo Answers as a training ground for denial of climate science?
Do you feel that changes in the composition of solid wastes will be significant in future>Explain?
I can not find a video about something that is implemented street where pedestrians cyclists cars all together?
can you use snow tires for off road?
How do AGW proponents get away with changing things so easily when skeptics only ask to investigate further?
synthetic vs natural?
Does the Prius C mpg go down when you have people in it?
What's more reliable BMW,Mercedes Benz, or Audi?
What does Autumn smell like?
Scary driving incident with my vision?
Put a cup over a cockroach/waterbug?
Will petroleum or other energy supplies impact governments in 2040?
what is this pattern?
Which is a major threat to biodiversity?
what causes bushfires?
How does Paraguay's climate effect the people?
magnesium and sodium have properties similar to?
question for you car gurus out there?
Climate change skeptics called deniers?
Please help! The Mormons are sending electric shocks to my genitals through the windows!?
http://i.imgur.com/Exadmoj.jpg What is this persons name?
Whats wrong with my car?
Topic: proper eco-friendly way to dispose of VHS tapes.?
How many polar bears and nothing more?
climate change is this what the IPCC?
Name three non renewable sources of energy?
Is it any wonder the president of flat Earth society believes in AGW?
How to move Queltehue Eggs?
What are three reasons why cars are reliable?
Why is the microwave oven considered the most energy efficient way to cook food?
there was a fire in the apartment garages and my cars got damaged are they responsible for damages?
Will you sign my petition to create govt loan gaurantees for solar panels and electric cars?
my 1995 dodge dakota is backfiring.i had the cadilac converter tested,replaced vacuum hoses,changed fuel filte?
Looking forward, which do you think will have a more profound effect on our world and why?
Can anyone tell me if this is possible?
why can i buy gasoline and rubbing alcohol under 18 but i can't buy lighter fluid?
05 Mustang Premium Vs Deluxe?
Are Electric cars the Future?
How was Life in Chicago during 1968?
i think im being black mailed?
Are there any manual transmissions in 2013 chevy trucks?
Mangrove Alternatives?
does the hydrogen generaters work?
When the scientific literature is full of data that shows the detrimental effects of?
Are IPCC policies reflective of valid science?
Question from Marcel Crok to IPCC?
Can I hunt in any county?
what was the most reliable Engine built?
A question about Arrhenius and his GHG theory?
Arctic Ocean Predicted To Be Ice Free By 2013 - Oops! What say you?
If you were stranded on an Island which vegetable or fruit would you eat?
what are some good long articles on edangered species? (with citations)?
Will a 12 gauge shotgun kick?
how many 12 v batteries powered by 100 watt solar panel do I need to operated a 1500 watt ceramic heater?
What do you think about Rainforest Alliance?
How can I extract LIGNIN from Black liquor?
I have an 86 Honda Accord, how would I know if the alternator is not charging the battery?
The effectiveness of solar energy?
Are you agree with the climate change?
i need 5 minutes speech on importance of water conservation?
Need reasons why florida is better than new york...?
Labour freeze-energy bills.Explain if would be best to give houses free solar panels paidby sell-back to grid?
Saying \or not?\ in the end, is it irritating?
I m sale my hd plastic dana recycled?
About wildlife photography?
Forest Resourse : use and over-exploitation?
Anyone else \remember\ scientists \predicting it was supposed to be much warmer by now\?
How much do electric bikes cost? New?
I'm scared to the max?
Calculate the useful energy available for solar air heater of collector area 5.0 m2 when inlet fluid temperatu?
can you recycle yogurt lids?
HELPHELPHELPHELP!!!!!!!gonna get my ass kick?
Anyone have updated 2013 information on sources for cheap/safe rentals in Tijuana?
How can i try to convince community forest people to not cut down trees?
What is it with the denier water vapor myth?
Help me pick an electric scooter/bike?
Has anybody created rocket fuel out of a sports drink?
What plant did I eat?
Why do people still support the Sea Sheperd?
Is real-wishes.com dangerous?
Is the IPCC about climate change or?
What are these strange insects in my room?
what would make my engine knock on one side it is a chevy 350 1980 the engine was over fill with oil but not?
Environmental help fill in blank?
What does the fox say?
How can sea level change affect global climate?
Solar pannels , Any info will be appreciated. Experts Only!!!?
Anyone else \remember\ scientists \predicting it was supposed to be much warmer by now\?
Can you create solar powered cars,which has no gas and no fumes?
Regeneration projects happening in your area?
Kano, do you still wish to know....?
How long does it take the patrol car to catch the speeder if it starts moving just as the speeder passes?
Homework Help Please ?
Cost of right fender for 08 impala?
Indoor grow question?
What kind of relationship should there be between human beings and the natural world?
Point of View of China in Global Warming debate?
Would Earth's temperatures be significantly different if we *only* had greenhouse gasses?
Is this an appropriate term for scientists to use?
Is it possible for your nightmares or dreams to be an actual event. Somehow, in another dimension somewere?
what are the anthropogenetic positive impacts?
How does climate affect styles of dress?
By analogy, if people make models that predict the Dow Index, is a healthy skepticism proper?
I think I am pragnet. I have had moodswings, body temp change, peeing a lot.?
By analogy to denial of science, if models cannot predict the Dow index, is the stock market a hoax?
Working & principle-induction type energy meter?
Principle & working of induction type energy meter?
How well is atmospheric physics incorporated into models?
Need advice with cannabis plant.?
best electric heater energy efecient?
the energy in food orginally came from the?
mitsubishi lancer its a good car?
how can i get recyling bins for free?
Climate change missing hotspot debunked?
How does the media portray climate change in Australia?
I found a very strange fish skull while fishing?
CO2 up, temperatures down, explain please.?
Possible research project ideas in conservation biology?
how can geological features modify the climate?
How is climate change affecting Australia?-URGENT!!!?
Is a 2000 BMW Z3 reliable?
What are climate change indicators?
So I just moved to a new town... Is it weird to randomly add people on facebook in the same town?
A quote about the future ?
3 Questions regarding global warming?
Do you believe in the farting cows and the ozone theory?
Has anyone ever jumped out of a moving vehicle?
i am bored what should i do?
what is the laitude range of tropical grasslands?
What Caused the 1970s Global Cooling?
climate change science?
Huge tortoise in my backyard?
What state is Mount McKinley located?
why do we find more producers in the cold arctic waters than in warm tropical waters?
Why is the U.N. now saying global warming is NONEXISTENT,i thought the science was in?
Any venomous spiders in Canada?
What is a gried tie solar system?
did dinosaur farts start global warming?
Global warming homework?
Healthy way to get more energy?
Do the oceans warm more during La Nina years?
is it safe to reuse a glass for water?
What do you think is the most influential environmental policy enacted by the United States?
Snake ID West Central IL?
Explain this.............?
what are the main contributors to global warming ?
Having trouble deciding what would be a suitable career for me.?
Ideas for inventing something to help transport water to homes in Texas?
Will my car keep needing repairs?
Is there any money in Environmental Science Field?
What will The Mappleton Rock Groyne, Holderness turn out to be like in the future as a result of the coastal?
whats the difference between synthetic oil change and the cheaper/regular one?
what can dertermine a kinetic energy of a 50 g battery-powered car traveling a distance of 10 m?
brushing teeth in a country without drinkable tab water?
Plant types in rainforest?
Who makes this more personal, \warmists\ or \skeptics\, and can you back up your position?
Why hasn't anybody looted cherynoble?
What is a simple definition of electrical energy?
The fuel used in many disposable lighters is liquid butane, C4H10.?
Electric source of light?
can you drive a supercar without a license?
If all human life was wiped out on earth how long for the planet to become a garden of eden again.?
i graduated degre in yardistick?
Are there any shops in east london that sells electric ride on cars or spare parts for them?
Is Sweden's trash-to-energy conversion bad for the environment?
Sake is an alcohal bevarage of which country?
Sake is an alcohal bevarage of which country?
How to stay eco friendly and spread the message?
What is glass tempering furnace?
Horse Mask or Unicorn Mask?
Is the Tesla a good buy. Are owners having any problems with the electric car?
I just got a Lexus IS-F what should i do to it?
What is the driving force (motivation or push) behind hydroelctric power?
Who gave this \inconvenient truth\?
What if someone built.....?
If everyone had one leg and it was normal. What would change?
my daughter accidently pour 2 gallons of gasoline into her cars engine what will happen if she drives it like?
Where is energy stored in ATP?
When will global temperatures approach the level that alarmists have predicted?
I need suggestions on what to take to get more energy?
Would warming increase Arctic mosquitoes?
Fun Ideas For An Ecology Club? Elementary-Middle School?
Is there any device to convert pressure energy to mechanical energy?
Are curb numbers really necessary?
HELP S BEAR IS ATTACKING MY FRIEND WHAT SHOULD I DO?
Climate change and extreme weather?
Do Prairies have more Carbon storage than Forests do?
Climate change maybe ozone was involved?
What are natural factors that affect red panda's?
how much many tons of coal is used to make 1 gallon of oil ?
How to get a job at a oil rig?
Climate researchers have an obligation?
Big Projects to do to Reduce Light Pollution?
Worried about Solar flare 2014?
Can methane set off a carbon monoxide detector?
What conservation work can be done in Autumn?
Where do magic mushrooms grow naturally?
3 benefits of hydroelectricity over other renewable energy sources?
Pure ethanol gas conversion?
Does anyone here believe that temperatures will rise 8C by 2100 and the sea will rise by 20 feet ..?
how long to be able to ride a 250cc motorbike?
Does anyone here believe that temperatures will rise by 8 C by 2100 and the sea will rise by 20 feet ..?
Would the rear tire pressure(30psi) cold change according to how much fuel is in the tank of a vehicle.?
Get funding for climate change programs and then what?
where do all the spiders come from?
What is done with old asphalt when a new road is built?
Should anyone in politics, who thinks they can change our climate with a tax, be laughed out of office?
What's your prediction for the upcoming IPCC Summary for Policymakers?
Which all companies work in the field of atomic layer deposition application of energy ?
What is the typical, daily energy consumption?
New car or used one??
Is mitochondrial energy production the same thing as ATP?
It is true that thay have a cairn energy plc. in UK?
Which body collated the Gobal temperatures in 1881?
I'm soooo glad you are putting all of your energy on me?
Help with information about alternative power sources (solar and wind)?
How do we clean up the great Pacific garbage patch?
How does solar air conditioner operates?
what are yo most looking forward to this spring?
section hiking the georgia A.T. in november?
My task is if i type any URL in my browser, after pressing enter it should change as has to change to URL/123?
Where is the global warming?
global warming does the IEA?
Need to understand average speed for car..?
Why do alarmists say the temperatures will rise by 8 C by 2100 and the sea will rise by 20 feet?
what is the difference with the US Fish and Wildlife Service vs DNR?
Are countries backing away from the CO2 madness?
current issues about solar system?
10 biotic and abiotic factors of the amazon rainforest?
What is Global warming?
What is Global warming?
what are nesting habits of Cormorant birds?
Should YA abolish reporting?
What effect does deforestation and desertification have on species diversity?
is there any where to be naked in kent in the uk?
Is it possible to build a car the relies solely on kinetic energy to power it?
What current companies and their locations are looking to fill position of environmental scientist?
i have 265w solar panel, how meny 12v batteries do i need for storage?
can i use a vaper even if I have asmtha?
my son has found some whale vomit?
Is it \OK\ to throw used paper towels and plates into a recycle bin?
measures to keep environment clean?
Should paper made from pulp from sustainable forestry be composted or landfilled for carbon sequestration?
Is there evidence that cars really cause most smog?
what kind of mites are these?
What are conservationists doing to maintain the numbers of species?
Who should I write to reguarding invasive species in the U.S?
If i clean fuel injector on my 99mits galant will it log something in my engine?
What is a good solar panel for a small house?
Should goat milk be pasteurized?
Oceans: Carbon sink and regulation of temperature?
What could happen if global temperatures increased by two degrees celsius?
Where to buy leafs? Can you?
how can I change it into a double nagative?
how might natural population change and level of development be linked?
I want to know how do wind turbines convert wind into energy and how can we use its energy ?
What is the meaning of E-Waste Bin?
How do I get rid of the bugs?
How do I move to another state?
How to be OK with killing animals?
what is your opinion about recycling?
what is your opinion about recycling?
What would happen if Something un Stoppable comes against something unmoveable?
Reducing Food Wastages?
Wouldn't it be nice if there was a Global Warming prediction that didn't happen 100 years from now?
Is it better to use propane in a rv or go electric if its going to be in place a long period of time?
Why is there high productivity during the summer in arctic tundras?
HELPSSSSSSSS I need some infor?
?Texas or Florida for family and work?
What is this big I keep finding in my house?
Change into indirect speech.?
what is the lowest temperature for flying insects?
even after new headlights they are still not bright..?
How difficult is it to understand the concept of \loading the dice\?
Fire reguires fuel, oxygen and source ignition. Once a campfire burns, which componen is the limiting reagent?
Is the Niagara Falls based power station - free energy?
How does climate change cause extreme weather events?
Extreme weather is thought to be a modern phenomena?
Advantages and Disadvantages of Hydroelectric Power?
Don't climate change alarmists feel silly when they are proven wrong?
How do ocean temperature affect climate?
I want to be a wildlife vet for mammals?
Realists and skeptics, respectively, what would you consider to be alarmist or denialist?
What car is this? Picture?
Klean, Hydro Flask, or Stanley bottle?
Which of the following suggestion is most likely to help you maintain and renew your emotional energy?
what is the first day of fall?
what is the first day of fall?
cant vehicles run with the help of solar energy?
I heard a gunshot 4am?
Are methane hydrates an economically viable and significantly large potential energy source?
Are there good FREE places to camp in the Hudson River Valley?
Reducing Food wastages?
View Comments...cannot post on these articles to have conservation!?
why is it better or not to use s straight 30 weight oil in a lawn tractor engine instead of a 10w30?
Wildlife/environmental biologists/ecologists? Do you like your job?
when are jellyfish most active?
A speech on the topic 'Human-wildlife conflict' for declamation competition? Fast please?
How much energy does bio fuel produce?
what year were cars first used?
Should I Introduce Species To Haiti?
Is an electric composter more environmentally friendly than just throwing it away?
What do we mean by food recycling ?
What's that hum I always hear in the sky?
Can anyone tell me what is the green movement n its impact on global warming?
Changed to new Yahoo want to change current location to default location to show on homepage?
please suggest me some working model for science exhibition on energy resource.?
What big bugs/beetles should I get?
What local people are doing for the conservation of forest?
Where can I recycle empty Kodak ink cartridges?
I need some Antarctic mammals.?
panel / size inverter sizt & type ? how many batteries?
What is Cruelty Division?
Do you think global warming is a problem?
Who discovered the amazon rainforest?
What technology has been/could be useful in a flood?
I want relevance on a topic save rare species?
How have orchids adapted to living in the amazon rainforest?
Creative logo ideas for save water and save energy?
I live in the desert and want to plant trees on my land?
theres a bee somewhere in my room?
What is biodiversity? Differentiate between biodiversity and ecosystem.?
Can you blame some people for being confused if journalists don’t know what the words they use mean?
Why does it take so long for diapers to biodegrade?
Why cutting meat from your diet would help fight global warming?
I live in chicago and my neighboors have mice and over time i have seen little creatures running around my flo?
I need help? its about a spirit that my grandma saw?
Looking for a good place to live and go to college out-of-state?
CAN HOME HEATING OIL BE USED TO RUN A DIESEL CAR?
I'm under 14 and there's this lady older always harazzing trying to argue?
What is the first law of energy?
(North Carolina) Which forest/woods is great for an outdoors wedding?
Can you write me a scary story?
Who put those trees under this receding glacier?
How do you figure out the equation/formula of a parabola?
how many 70 watt solar panels would be required to produce enough 12 volt power for solar batteries to run a?
Is there a way to turn up the idle on a car? Or do cars even hae an idler? My car is aford 2001?
Can I sell used cooking oil from homes?
What electric cars can 14 year olds drive?
An electric motor uses which of the following to convert electrical energy into mechanical energy?
Question for AGW Believers: Are you glad you were wrong about the impending doom?
which elements has an electron configuration of 1s2 2s2 2p6 3s2 3p6 4s2?
I have an idea not a question about droughts and floods.?
If atmospheric CO2 keeps rising, why has the Earth remained at the same temperature for 15 years?
what is wind energy and advandages?
More trees or more grass?
is there any antelope limit that zoos have to abide by?
Just got a new battery. Car took a while to turn on?
what is a organism and what is there energy source?
How is the accumulation of heat energy in the ocean good for us?
my car hydroplaned and jerked?
Can anyone please recommend me environmental books?
Should the UN climate report include geoengineering?
Do atmospheric gases absorb moisture and become bigger gases?
Wtf are these nuts!?!?
Climate change will increase atmospheric water vapor?
Was this a bat or what 10 points?
What colleges courses do i need to become a park ranger.?
If Global Average Temperatures are fluctuating at 0.28C per year as they did from Aug 2012 to Aug 2013?
How many joules of nutritional energy are in a bag of chips whose label reads 243Cal?
Do you have a smart car?
Does anyone in P.E.T.A. have a sense of humour?
I work for a power company that sells low cost green renewable energy.?
What is permaculture?
what is a better car for mpg?
What questions do I ask about recycling at the recycling centers?
How would I Change the world?
Red Squirrel info. UK (up to date / current)?
Green tongue from CHLOROPHYLL Tablets?
What is the best E waste recycling process for recovery of metals?
Is heat considered a useful form of energy?
what is this bug? Its the size of a tip of a needle.?
climate change are skeptics deniers?
Ocean and Space (Interview): Professional please.?
Fun Ways To Clean School Campus?
What time is does the son come's up?
What's going on with this?
Has The Earth Run Out Of Any Natural Resources?
why do people say global warming is a scam?
Is there a relationship between Acid Rain and Climate Change?
I think I might be predicting the future...?
Is there anything unsafe about the batteries in electric vehicles?
What kind of fly is this?
Why shouldn't we colonise Antarctica?
Can i rig my house to run off wind and solar power?
Is it the same amount of ink usage when I increase the font of a document or not?
What is your favourite Monty Python sketch ... ?
What will happen if we put electronics in a recycling bin?
Need to know how relief and elevation connect?
Why is the United Nations trying to cover up the facts that the Earth isn't warming?
HELP!! MY ENVIRONMENTAL SCIENCE QUIZ!!?
Where do the wealthy people live places areas houses apartments?
If the pollution kept going the way it is now, when do you think the world may be at a great risk of death?
How did roscoe Koontzs work influence the study of energy and how we live today?
September 19, abnormal behavior, please help?
Do electric cars need emission tests?
How to get cockroaches?
what is the difference between building design and building construction factors?
Why was the Baglihar Dam built?
When do the leaves start changing in Colorado?
the growth stages of human kind?
my car has a mildew smell. how can i get rid of the oder?
Does a golf cart motor make some of its own electricity or does it just run from it´s battery?
The worldwide use of cleaner energy sources could result in which of the following? Select one of the options?
Is cotton sustainable?
why we use metals everyday?
What are the causes of energy crisis ?
working on oil rigs and qualifications and opportunities?
is possible to implement the street light control automatically?
how high my fuel oil pump will push fuel oil in the air at a certain pressure.?
Unlike animal cells, plant cells have ______ and ______.?
Which alternative energies should NC focus its future efforts on?
Is there any solar pannels thet can run inverters directly without using an battery i need an 40 ah pannel?
climate change where will Tim Flannery go?
Would you be interested in seeing the 60% ice increase debunked?
What portable fan/aircon could i use to keep my room cold in summer?
what do clouds look like?
Would Pontiac ever return?
What is making this sound at night?
I need to know an endangered specie in Kenya and why it is endangered?
I made a solar oven with a cardboard box lined with aluminum foil and topped with oven bag.It was 172 F.?
Is this a good price for a car?
2003 Pontiac Aztek leaking oil?
good tv shows??????!!!!!!!!!!!!!/??????????????
whats the diffrence between free range eggs and cage free?
Would investing in solar energy be a good buisness idea?
Do you love Autumn and Winter? Around that time my mood begins to enlighten.?
Can alternative energy be developed without the threat of AGW?
Global warming question?
How much has the politicization of \global warming\ affected the truth of the earths climate?
Is it bad if i act like myself in school?
battery pack powered by ac power?
Has anyone had his car dent fixed in a parking lot?
Can the US Government prevent ‘extreme weather’ with new regulations?
How to know when it safe to pull out when a car. Passes you?
Fun Ways To Clean School Campus?
Fun Ideas For Ecology Club?
one of the biggest problems with nuclear power plants is the storage of the spent fuel cells?
Light brown color sink water?
Antarctic ice is growing?
Chesapeake Bay Watershed?
Is \extreme weather\ the cause of disappearing glaciers, rising sea levels, spreading deserts...?
Is \extreme weather\ the cause of disappearing glaciers, rising sea levels, spreading deserts...?
Is extreme weather the only card the crackpot warmunists have left to play?
Do you think this climate model?
The arctic sea ice has expanded.will it start to melt again?
Is it harmful to sleep near a plant with the window closed?
What if we powered our cars with vegetable oil instead of regular mined oil?
why does e85 cost the same as unleaded fuel?
Locust swarms in the mid west USA?
Can I change my middle school schedule?
Need to settle an argument fast!!?
is global warming causing girls to get hotter ?
Creative ideas to help the environment?
Where do crackpot theories concerning abundant abiotic oil and gas come from?
What will energy be like in 2050?
HELP THERE IS A RUSSIAN IN MY ROOM?
How can I incite the Apocalypse? I need to prove a point.?
I jumped a car with my prius, is it ok or did I ruin it?
took a round green pill with money sign what is it?
took a round green pill with money sign what is it?
is computer good for environment?
What is energy and society?
What is a endangered animal that is being conserved? Why does it need to be conserved?
Are these statements incompatible?
Please help me .. it's urgent again!?
A question about Global Average temperatures?
Is natural gas a fossil fuel?
What is the source of fuel for droon?
Are there good eco friendly nail polishes?
Why don't we farm rabbits for meat?
What is the Kyoto Protocol extra helpppp!!!!!!!?
what is the qualities of the pollution mask?
what does this phrase mean ecologically?
Can air quality vary significantly in towns just 25 miles apart?
Pollution in the Mediterranean Sea is caused by a. shipping lanes. b. polluted Atlantic currents. c. tourists,?
Some global warming models predict that, if permafrost in the tundra regions in the northern hemisphere melts,?
Does vegtable oil take less energy to make than it does provide?
Store sell ivory who do I call?
My lighter started hissing last night and I paniced and threw it into a hedge while we were at a restaurant?
Current condition of the antarctic ecosystem?
how to creat faceook?
Is it true that not one scientific institute is skeptical about climate change?
What are the viable strategies that can be adopted to stop wasteful consumption of resources and energy ?
Are their any superstitions about infestation?
Is Global Warming really happening? And who should we really trust?
Scared to sleep how do I stay up till moring?
What are your thoughts on geoengineering?
A complex question about alternative energy?
The fuel is full & it still registers @ the 1/4 gage level. Then when I drive it, it will start to function?
Problem with my electric guitar?
gravitational energy example?
HELP!!!I kissed my brother!????!!!?
Use quotes from the Living Planet report to introduce the idea of impact of human activity on the planet?
How would we judge whether the loss of a number of plant or animal specifies constituted a disaster?
why is animal and plant species threatened?
I have 2 questions. 1. I had my fuel pump replaced and now the fuel level only goes to the 1/4 gauge?
Saw this outside and can't figure out what it is. Serious answers only please!?
Science HELP ME PLEASE?
How does the geography of different regions affect climate?
How does solar energy transform into other energy forms when we use it to generate electricity?
Am i ready to go live in the woods for awhile?
How to rescue from slaughter?
Because of climate change, animals living in the south are moving northward, right?
Because of climate change, animals living in the south are moving northward.?
what is this black bug with wings and a drinking bird thing on it?
Is natural gas potential or kinetic energy at its starting point?
What can I do? Pleases help it's so frustrating! Heal the world!?
what can recycled bottles make?
Does anybody know what kind of car this is?
If humanity wanted to could we extinct mosquitos?
I would like to know what a \near ice margin\ is.?
WHO studies of atmosphere in relation to weather and climate?
How do I have a career in wildlife/animal conservation?
Do you agree with the Environmental Hall of Fame/Shame Winners?
A question about melting ice caps and rising sea levels? An argument?
Is tidal power is an indirect use of solar energy?
Does the IPCC need to tweek its models with regard to the carbon cycle?
What are problems ancountered when using solar energy?
What are problems ancountered when using solar energy?
How much electricity does it take to completely charge an electric car?
What is an endangered animal?
How to build a (wildlife) pond?
Did Michael Mann delete something crucial?
How can we adapt to warmer climate?
Are renegade cheating global warming deniers on the move again exploiting the violation loophole?
Can a cow digest plastic?
Remember the quote from Christine Stewart, former Canadian Minister of the Environment?
This man gets paid for dreaming up this rubbish?
Global Warming. The science is settled, it was all bollox to frighten the children?
Do we have a new explanation for the upcoming harsh winter in the NH?
how to prevent the ozone layer?
How much does Biomass Energy cost?
How does a site apply to become a World Heritage Site?
how to have a nicer smile?
good tv shows??????!!!!!!!!!!!!!/??????????????
hello!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!?
Is this insulation????
Uk in 2050 your predictions?
What do caterpillars have so many legs?
climate change have you heard about the NIPCC?
Have the alarmists achieved anything useful?
arsenic in rice????????????????
What are some of the notable larger rivers that flow through the Pacific Northwest?
Most scientists who study the Earth’s climate claim that global warming is caused by?
In insidious chapter 2 what did the mother say when she slapped parker?
trying to find the name of 1990s wildlife documentary series.?
Do flies even have brains?
Pain behind my right eye and right temporal lobe, tiredness and not much energy. Should I be worried?
what will happen to our cells if temperature is high?
Which molecule do your cells use for energy? Why?
Why do methane etc have higher GWPs than CO2?
Arctic ice extent this year is not surprising but?
I think i just put oil in the wrong place on my ca?
Dead worms everywhere!?
Are you ready for the winter of 2013-14?
What does everyone think we will be using to fuel our cars in 50years ?
Balance the eqation: CaC2O4+ KMnO4+ H2SO4> CaSO4+ MnSO4+ K2SO4+ CO2+ H2O?
I was backing out and hit a car?
biodiversity stable systems?
Arctic sea ice up 60%?
intermediate sanction are acceptable to the genaral public in the current political climate?
two ways oil causes water pollution?
What is the actual warming of the planet so far (since 1880)?
Classic objects like Penny Farthing, Zippo's and Pocket Watches.?
Whatis the climate of dutch harbor, alaska?
what is energy efficient appliances?
How is the climate in the Amazonas rainforest?
If the US replaced 50% of coal use by efficiency gains, nuclear & renewables, how much would this cost Kochs?
How did Senator James Inhofe \learn\ about climate science, and who are his key campaign financiers?
What is the Marshall Institute, which companies funded it, and which denier arguments don't come from it?
The diffetence between temperance grasslands and tropical savannas?
Why has nobody properly explored the Devil's Kettle?
Do you think microbes can also be used as source of energy ? If yes, how ??
How infiltration changes from rock type to rock type?
i summoned a demon help me?
Can you answer this science question?
How does nuclear fission produce energy?
How do trees combat global warming if they release carbon dioxide back into the air in the night time?
why is it hot throughout the year in the equatorial climate?
how is carbon dioxide produced?
Please suggest me some ecofriendly products?
Is there an oil industry conspiracy or is it just a crackpot theory?
How is LPG being wasted?
Is there a viable alternative to fracking?
'It's not easy being green' speech ideas?
Is Global Warming real or a hoax?
What happened to the \Rothschilds, AGW, schism, reptilians, moon matrix, new world order\ question?
Will I be hot later.?
what owl species live in new mexico?
Why do skeptics/denialists keep mistaking local weather for global climate?
How do groynes anchor sand on a beach?
is ocean ia an open or closed system?
Should I stay with horror?
What types of wave energy at each step in the Natural Greenhouse Effect?
So global warming is fake?
How did an investigation conclude that Michael Mann didn't delete e-mails?
where would you use solar energy?
Climatology question-effect of Earth's land mass on climate?
why does my electric blanket control go from low to high then just blinks and it doesent get hot?
Fun Ideas For Ecology Club?
Fun Ways To Clean School Campus?
Please help!!?? I need help with what to say?
Is Solar energy potential or kinetic at its starting point?
Fun Ways To Clean School Campus?
What is this? Thought it was a pinecone but its not..just curious?
What should I major in?
kettles -how much energy?
What are some some simple but great ways to be green around the house?
Fun Ways To Clean School Campus?
What is this, I've seen people smoke something and blow out rainbow smoke whats it called?
Fun Ideas For Ecology Club?
Anybody knw technique to localize the fresh water undrground?
Whats the difference between...?
Alligator Snapping Turtle?
Safest food containers and why?
What is your favourite type of weather?
which two states had the largest populations?
Why do people take off shoes at home when they should keep them on i must wear shoes at home because i like to?
what is the total cost of a tesla model s?
The 2013 Toyota Prius?
Climate change: What types of hazards would be you expect to increase in your area as the climate changes? Wo?
Is global cooling the same as global warming ?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of using short pencils?
What will winter be like in 2013-2014 for Northeast Pennsylvania?
UK: How do I start recycling in Croxley Green?
Article about harming the spheres.?
Why do we still catch fish instead of farming them?
It's way to Hot! When will it cool down?
What is your opinion on Solar energy?
What things can people do to change the route of water in the drainage basin?
Why do we live the way we do when there's a better way?
Why do we live the way we do when there's a better way?
Why do we live the way we do when there's a better way?
Why do we live the way we do when there's a better way?
What happens to the energy that is not usefully transferred by the solar cells?
Which country is best for naturl beauty?
Why hasn't Japan used geothermic energy to help it's electric needs?
what techniques are used in this sentence \help protect the future of endangered species\?
Two good research questions about population change?
If i have an extra cermaic floor tile can i use it as a pizza stone?
I'm scared. So, so scared.?
If a solar cell produces up to 4.6 watts is it producing 4.6 watts in a second or with in 1 hour?
Why do people blame global warming on humans?
What is happening with Arctic sea ice extent?
What can we do with our chewed gum?
What's your bit to save environment and keep it clean?in short what you do save earth?
How do I clense my home of negative energy ?
How much does an electric car cost?
Can sharks smell blood through a tampon?
Smoking hash oil with a metal pipe?
Is it really 60% increase in Arctic ice?
I see all theses things where people get stuck on escalators cant u just walk up or down them?
Can you make any money recycling plastic milk jugs?
Is malaria \really\ a tropical disease?
Quick contamination remediation solutions?
can you smell yosemite fire in san francisco?
Can anyone provide a breakdown of where the billions of dollars supposedly spent on global warming research?
Are there any Christmas songs that are covered by alternative rock bands?
Why does an energy saving compact fluorescent light globe make the radio buzz...?
I have a friend who has a pick lock set at home and his house doors get locked all the time, so is it legal?
67 impala leaded gasoline?!?
Do humans contribute to global warming by breathing out carbon dioxide?
I lost my fuel cap today (cringe)?
My mom won't buy a trash can!!?
HELP , how could the melting of artic ice cap affect climate in other parts of world?
Hybridition of [Cr(h2o)6]+3?
Any good interesting facts about biomass?
What major in college and job will get me to travel a lot and work with animals?
Can this be possible?
What are your thoughts on 5 hour energy?
Is white flour ok to throw in woods?
when are we going to have hover cars in 2060-2100?
whats hydraulic fracturing dumbed down?
How do I get over my fear of coyotes?
What consequences will entrain if no one cleans up the empty oxygen bottles on Mt Everest (environnement-wise)?
What are the chemicals or simple methods available for WELL water purification inside WELL?
Units 10 mega watt solar plant generate?
Write a paragraph about recycling?
What type of bug is this?
Things to do on a nice day?
Objectives of water conservation at home?
The world's gonna end?
My samvat is 2015 change into date?
Plastic bags 5p each? Please prove it is better to have plastic carriers than organic bags?
How to recycle plastic?
What kind of a target audience would sit down and watch a documentary about global warming?
Why is conservation of Amazon forest hard to achieve?
Is the IPCC back peddling?
debris removal in queens?
How does air travel contribute to climate change?
What can I recycle from newspapers?
Obama's Global Warming Advisory Council. Can we identify them and what they stand for?
Upcoming winter weather forecast?
What do you estimate your recycling level to be of your purchases in a given year?
Why don’t Deniers realize that the IPCC Assessment reports are written for people just like them?
WHat does hardin mean by utility?
Powercuts????????:) ?
What kind of wildlife to worry about near tobermory?
Opinion question. Is a non-CO2 related \Global Cooling Event\ possible for the coming years?
If we continue to see temps drop for another 10 years, then CO2 isn't the cause of warming?
How much would a 4 door fiat 500 be?
If Global Warming exists, then how much have average temperatures gone up since 1998?
Global Warming and the Sun - Will this resolve the issue?
Overall, is water vapour increasing?
Can someone make a letter around 175 words to an editor (ENVIRONMENT PROTECTION – NEED OF THE HOUR’)?
Is Global Warming a threat to the environment?
Where can I buy an animal proof trash bin?
Direct and indirect of climate change on oceans?
How much are 4 door fiat 500's about?
Can Gasohol or Natural Gas be used in mass as an alternative fuel?
Why does only this much energy transfer to the next level?
What is your best tip for being StormSafe?
: Is it okay if I wear two different shades of black on ? My pants are a little darker than my black polo.?
How does a normal person protect extinct species and protect forests?
How to live an extremely sustainable life?
Why do people insist of believing in Global Warming?
Climate change UK change of mind possibly?
98 honda civic won't start. not attempts to?
Good poem haiku or no?
Why aren't we in the US using our own oil?
Do global warming supporters view it as a problem that 97% of the climate models since 1990 were wrong?
What might be some causes of global warming?
What are the current greenhouse gas emissions for the BRICs?
Please lecture me about cluster bean plant.?
advice on weed plant startn to bud jst wondern how long to wait b4 harvest?
Best Solar Panels,Solar Inverters, Solar Water pumps, Solar Fencing, Solar Street Lights, Solar Water Heaters?
what animals are invasive species in the uk ?
How can I solve due to unusually heavy activity from this ma?
how does lumbering negatively affect the climate of an area?
Where can I recycle DVD cases?
what are the slogans for fighting climate change?
What are the problems caused by mountain glaciers melting/retreating?
1. Compare the development of China over the last 20 years with respect to the global environment and resource?
Are the IPCC denyers of the truth ?
Why haven't global temperatures risen in accordance with GCM model predictions?
Failure of the Mars Climate Orbiter?
Is this a good haiku poem about the ecosystem?
Characteristic of body cells that require large amounts of energy?
Is polyurethane synthetic resin flammable?
Is this a good ecosystem haiku poem?
What human activities contribute to global warming?
For Colorado residents: Can someone who lives out-of-state drive in and buy weed? I will be on the road soon.?
What kind of plant has a cotyledon?
how the green substance in plants work?
Repost: Question about palledium recycling.?
Skeptics: Has the warming stopped?
I have a fear of fire sprinklers, How can i overcome it?
Is climate journalist Seth Borenstein representative?
Why we can not used the lenoir cycle in internsal combustion engine as a comertial use insted of otto cycle?
What do you do when your whole family are against you?
Please Explain Orthographic Lift?
Is this why CO2 is not having much of an effect on our climate?
In which type of lands Diamond's are mostly found.?
Any \Aquaponic\ projects evidently and visibly flourishing around where you live?
people who rent solar panels, what do you think of them and was your rep really flaky or was that just mine?
I am from Thane Maharashtra climate here is sultry please tell me?
What 6 countries share the water resources of the Mekong river?
Tips on taking a fast shower?
What jobs are available for someone with a degree in wildife and fisheries management?
Heat going into the ocean, do we have proof?
What occupations have to do with wildlife?
PBDE's in pillows...?
Looking for an Edible and Medicinal Plant Guide?
What ecosystem services are threatened by AGW?
Does the IPCC have integrity and accountability?
\Why do Juniors and Seniors in Highschool Do Drugs And Have Sex?\?
Planting goat fodder?
Annoying fly!! Please help!!?
Why are climate indices useful for telling us information about modes of climate variability?
My question is in regards to my solar system. I have a group of panels linked togegther that puts out 150?
can oil from shale rock be used for fuel?
Would you want to use Theodor Lanscheidt as your expert?
Has ever changing climate conditions affected the ocean and its species?
How much can i get for recycling glass bottles?
i am having trouble seeing squirrels i have been 2 times in the last week y am i not seeing anything?
Is a school of fish considered an \environment\ ?
In the future, will we be able to try on clothes when shopping online?
How long will it take to kill a fruit fly if you trap it in a cup?
Websites that monitor UK Air Quality?
Siberian Forests????
Why is Arctic sea ice up 60 percent in 2013 if there is global warming?
What is the fifth element? (NOT the movie)?
Would you consider this a good write-up on recent temperature trends?
Should the USA bomb Antarctica ? It seems the only way we know how to solve our problems.?
At seasons end does the ruby color on the ruby throat hummingbird fade to nothing?
Where does energy go once used?
there are 469 vehicles on the lot, 198 Plymouths 367 New vehicles 297 cars 228 New cars 212 New dodge 37 used?
Can u think of a situation where we deliberately want to make a species extinct ? How would u justify it ?
Is it time for occupy IPCC?
Reacts with something to form H2O?
Solar Activity and Climate - what will this mean for us?
Ice area as in nsidc chart, what is a \Standard Deviation\ please?
Anybody knows which UN organizations are dealing with \green living\?
Should our leaders lead by example?
Do you have to be able to read to understand that you are being scammed?
Why does the graph of global ice?
Explain how you would know how much fuel and how much oil to add in your mixture?
Why ice the Artic ice returning so quickly ?
What is the HVAC field like?
What exactly is poaching? plleaasee help!?
Is it more environmentally friendly to make hot drinks in a cardboard cup or keep reusing and washing a mug?
Are posters who cannot spell capable of understanding the economics & politics of a revenue-neutral carbon tax?
snowfall for virginia and maryland?
Are fast breeders the answer to climate change?
How to raise kundalini energy?
With U.S. CO2 emmisions at a 20yr low?
Populations have a better chance of adapting to climate change if their initial genetic diversity is high?
Ectotherms are great model organisms for studying climate change because their temperature closely tracks that?
In order to avoid extinction, species may respond to climate change in which of the following ways?
Where does water cooler jugs go?
I want to become an electrical engineer and focus on renewable energy. How do I get into it?
Which college offers a better program to become a Fish and Game Warden?
Best degree to have to become a park ranger?
Drone Bee Caps w/Honey?
Why is it that land near the ocean generally has a milder climate than land in the interior of continents?
where can i get some ear protection?
Is nail polish unethical?
6 ecological prinicples of sustainability?
i was wondering if i can get a darwin bark spider shipped to me from Madagascar or anywhere to the us in Calif?
Why do people believe in global warming?
Question for all you misanthropic, self-proclaimed environmental activist?
Were can I find a electric chargeable generator that I can plug in a outlet and have electricity outdoors.?
My boyfriend was not told an area was being quarantined and he walked in, I'm nervous for him?
Skeptics: Honestly now; how significant is the \recovery\ in Arctic sea ice extent?
Is it considered Summer or Fall?
Convert oil heating and air conditioning to electric system ., is it smart to do that? lennox system, how much?
Beetle in Pennsylvania- Identify Please!?
where can i take plastic bottles for cash in 75211?
are there more chemical toxins in urban areas or other areas like farm,ports,border towns?
Does anyone know how climate has changed in the last two million years for Asia?
A cyclist and her cycle have a total mass of 85kg. calculate the combined kinetic energy of the cyclist and...?
does pollution have any affects on construction?
what is a non - profit organization you feel passionate about? why?
Materials from what we throw away can never be used to make new products.?
Question to those who believe overpopulation is a myth ?
Why is sea ice such a hot topic?
make an essay about mathematicians as environmentalist?
how to get you spiritual energy balance?
Is the rumor about arctic ice increasing true?
Why we can't use sea and dams as electric source?
How many of the hard core anti-science deniers of anthropogenic climate change here are under age 40?
Why we can't use sea and dams as electric source?
information about energy consumption?
Are we at war with nature?
Is replacing carpet with vinyl flooring a reasonable accomodation?
Isn't the hyperbole around Global Warming getting stupid?
How to map out a trip in an electric smart car?
AGW: The \canary in the coal mine\ has always been Arctic ice decreasing, no longer the case?
where is climate change center in india?
Is the general public losing belief in global warming?
Climate change and rising sea levels?
Is this statement from \pegminer\ on CO2 levels sufficient enough to cause doubt ?
Can we STOP spending billions on global warming now?
Has denial lost it completely?
Is it ok to suck on a pipe made of PVC (Polyvynyl Chloride), and blow in and out of it like a flute?
Many of Australia’s newest power stations are gas-fired. Why is this?
Should I take a canvassing job for banning fracking?
Should I take a canvassing job for banning fracking?
Bug in cabinet need help?
Should I take a canvassing job for banning fracking?
Why is the Arctic ice cap growing back so quickly?
Does Cannabis/Marijuana contain any vitamin B1? is it enough that it could get passed to the person who smokes?
Haunted houses/places in surrey,hampshire or berkshire?
Which of the four scientific principles of sustainability is this?
its 2013 so why then, are we, the p1ss ant of a species that we truly are, STILL reliant on oil ?
What kind of spiders are these? Please help?
How many inches is the highest height on a lawnmower?
Best place to retire in North Carolina?
Where does Pos Malaysia put your packages?
Doomsday prepping advice?
Which city will go underwater first? Miami or New Orleans?
Does anyone know of any State colleges that have a wildlife biologist major?
19 & lost with what i want to do in life?
Do controllers prevent a battery on an electric scooter from over charging?
How to get rid of snails?
Why have diesel based cars been mostly ignored in the US as a way to make efficient vehicles?
If we cut down all the trees?
What natural resources would I need for a zombie apocalypse?
Do Geological references show more about how our climate varies and has never been in equilibrium?
Is global warming really a big deal!?!?
Animal manufacturing? documentary films.?
http://www.losporque.com/general/paneles-solares-como-funcinan.html?
America VS Australia?
How can I find where a culverted stream ends up?
I am so much bored,what shall i do to finish my boredom?
list of WWF's past projects please!?
Which are the best quality solar cells?
Why is global warming a hot issue?
How will global warming affect our future children?
When human being dead, where is going all energy? ( but all r saying energy is consurve)?
Have the Australian people awakened, finally? Abbott ran on getting rid of the Carbon Tax.?
I'm going to run away and go live with my boyfriend I need some help tho?
How many species of sharks are there?
What will the 'saviors of the earth' think of next? The war in Syria is due to AGW.?
what the heck is this bug?
Will the twin towers be rebuilt?? Have they been built already?
Does anyone have an idea of what I saw?
What is the usefull of trees?
When we burn gasses, destroy forests, build more building, aren't we slowly destroy our environment?
The wavelengths of solar energy that are absorbed by plants?
Okay this is a serious problem so please be serious?
Do you think my solution is dumb?
Give some good title!?
What is the black streaks in the sunset?
If Global Warming is a hoax...?
What would prove you wrong about AGW?
How are the artic/desert fox adapted to their envirement?
What are these failed predictions?
1987S10 blazer starts but after 5 second it dies it has fuel seems when the fuel out of carb it dies?
Other Names for Wildlife Biologists?
If I put a drink can or brown glass in the clear glass recycling bank, will they be seperated a the centre?
What can I feed a baby hawk?
How do you find potential energy?
Is there a place like this?
what kind of spider is this?
I need help with Anti global warming school debate?
Why is the sound of water soothing?
The importance of cosmic rays in climate science?
Please, give me a 'evermesmerizing' 1:30 minutespeech on ' Global Warming'?
Will American voters wise-up as the Aussies did?
What is the main reason for Save the trees..?
Arguments against global warming? What do scientists say?
how is water energy recovered?
Can anyone give me a 'ever mesmerizing' 1:30 minute speech on ' Global Warming'?
Volunteering opportunities?
Will Royal Mail 1st class come same day?
Should more fossil fuel power stations be made in the uk?
Solar still from a doggy poop sack?
Operation Global Frognet is now in operation to STOP WW3?
What possible apocolypes types are there?
Water volume as it pertains to the whole planet. Does it really matter?
Does walmart have a recycling machine where you get money and what do you recycle to get money?
There is a wasp nest behind my basketball hop, on my garage!?
Do new solar panels pay for themselves in 7 years in the southwest?
How big is Crystal Cascades (Queensland)?
Drug screen hair test?
Does this apply to the IPCC and alarmists?
types of jobs for environmental engineers and environmental scientists?
Is it true that having plants at home give you more energy because they release oxygen?
Is there a white killer whale??
Are you a green person and do you do your bit for the environment? If you do tell me what do you do Thanks!!!!?
help pp please i cant figure it out its for 01.05 energy?
Some random girl called me brocolli top. then touched my fro.swag?
Plesse help please I'm depressed?
I want a career combing climate change and conservation, what is the next step?
I can feel energy going threw my body, I focus in my hand and can feel it moving in a circular motion?
What is NOAA's source of data for future heat wave predictions?
Chemical Free cups/Bamboo dinnerware/Ceramic without Lead?
How much power does a microwave really use?
How do climate models capture volcanic activity?
Are bug splatters greasy?
why environmental protection should be done?
Question about wood decomposing. please help!?
Energy Experts Please Help!?
Questions about Fukushima Nuclear Crisis?
what color excite red and green cone cells equally?
can I let the garbage trucks rollover after pouring?
Volcanic gases scavenging?
Need Unbaised view of situation.?
Im a high school teen girl and lately in class there's 2 guys always looking at me and laughing?
why do we use freshwater for everything instead of salt water?
How is it possible that bears are made of salmon all year long?
Global Warming Essay Topic?
Arctic ice extent predictions?
Will anything change?
Was I DDOSd?? Plis halp?
How change the world ?
I need a song for school thats about society. Like gay marriage, problems in the world that kind of stuff.?
Would a PEM Fuel Cell electricity generation system fall into Virginia's net metering incentive?
What type of plant is this?
What is Cronon's main argument in the trouble with wilderness?
Hi this is a question about UK energy companies/ policy/ regulation?
Why does waste that decomposes in landfill release methane and home compost doesn't ?
Is this slow worm pregnant?
Will we ever stop using oil to fuel our transportation (cars, buses, etc)?
How dare fur wearers say that their obsession with furs are environmentally friendly & sustainable?
What impact do scientists and explorers have on the enviroment?Antarctica?
How dare fur wearers say that their obsession with furs are environmentally friendly & sustainable?
Im Getting Kicked Out At 17 Need Help In London?
Best Anti-Global Warming Article?
Define the important of photosynthesis to the atmosphere?it add?
Can I Move A Bucket Of Tadpoles?
Can you define your terms, re: AGW?
What is the Personality of the People in Charlotte, NC?
Which of the climate skeptics here are paid deniers?
What does a queen bumble bee look like?
What is a red eyed devil?
Why do batteries contain Mercury & is leakage harmful to humans?
Will dung beetles save us from GW or is GW a bunch of bull dung.?
Has any one noticed a decrease in the bat population in your are?
Why is recycling bottled water good?
Should i use cloth grocery bags?
Is global warming non-linear?
Is the world running out of food and are we doing anything about it?
Nuclear power, renewable energies or something completely different? Where do you see the future of our energy?
PLEASE HELP! Please list some ways that humans have affected the environment (URGENT!!)?
plis hepl with this x^2+x=6?
Why did the long distance relationship between laith and christina end?
Is this a gift or something?
Do we really have to worry about the global warming or its just hyped by some lobbyist?
Define environmental backlash. Briefly describe the effects of this backlash.?
What is Cognitive dissonance?
If a doctor tells you meth is bad for you and your dealer says the doctor is a conspiracy freak...?
I am in a team and we are studying Wildfires. Can you help come up with a creative name?
Research topics about wildlife?
How dangerous are manholes? And how big do they have to be in order for the city to cover them up?
i cant stop procrastinating (possibly weird category don't mind it)?
Which form of energy is the most pertinent to nutrition?
Science questions! (APES)?
Why does Global Warming get so much criticism?
Is Global Warming Increasing Rodent Population?
How can I keep my room cool?
Lake Michigan Seems Cleaner?
When does trapping season start in Michigan?
I saw a spider help me identify?
Do you think climate skeptics would accept the results of this survey?
How to get in a preppy school.?
Is world population getting out of control?
how to get someone to notice me on tumblr?
Will Medical Histology or Environmental Science Associate Degrees transfer into a Wildlife Management BS?
Fly spray toxins, confined space?
Is there less pollution up North?
Is there less pollution up North?
Is there less pollution up North?
Having trouble finding science news article?
Is there less pollution up North?
Is there less pollution up North?
What does \going green\ mean?
What is the climate of Patagonian Desert?
If you ran away from home at age teenagers age what would you do?
How much energy does the pre workout C4 Extreme give you?
what berries are these?
what kind of berries are these?
3 benefits of planting trees?
A energy rating tumble dryer worth the extra cost?
\5th aug 1994\=???(bengali date)?
how much solar do i need?
requirements to pass new york hunters safety course?
In climate change, does the list used here include the most important officials?
How many animals a month are in the animal shelters or pound?
Favorite season of the year? and why?
how do you change oil filter for a 2013 toyota tacoma?
Can anyone tell me some recent geographical events in the news?
What are some global warming skeptical theories as to why the planet got warmer since the 1970s?
What are two alternatives of Fuel Wood?
what types of alternative energy sources are being developed for future cars?
What do you recycle?(Ten Points)?
Is climate science changing the separation of state and science?
Im crying over a dead bunny?
which types of business we can run in environmental change in future?
Why is Greenland called Greenland ?
Water pollution roleplaying suggestions?
Avoiding spiders and bugs?
what would you do in this situation?
the reason and importance of preserving and protecting the environment?
I bleed blue and green?
Do you think that the Venus Project has lost focus of their objective?
How can we over come with solution of conserving the threaten species of animals and climate change?
How can we over come with solution of conserving the threaten species of animals and climate change?
can i do my honors in regional planning with a BSs in geography and environmental management?
My 1990 f150 isn't getting fuel?
how to dispose of PPE.?
Should we worry so much about endangered species ? whats yur view? i feel no let them die and you ?
Eating when your high ........?
Electronic screeching outside?
When will people be able to live in Chernobyl again?
Girls/women would you sell your old worn shoes for $10 instead of putting them in the trash?
How much energy do minerals contain ?
How many tons of CO2 the UPS Company delivers to the atmosphere every year?
Serious nuclear energy question?
I wonder if this fact is true?
Benefits for teens online?
Oh my god ROACHES? Help help!!!?
If Thorium is the new wonder fuel , can , it be used to power steam cars ?
Am i hearing gun shots or fireworks?
Can baking soda neutralize roundup or damage a car in some way?
How high would the risk of real catastrophe have to be before you'd accept drastic solutions to AGW, GW?
Do state park rangers work on the weekends?
How can we save the Earth?
I spotted something similar looking to a monkey what was it?
What geography deals with landforms climate soil types and erosion?
what tobacco will grow well in Ontario?
Which treaty will replace the Kyoto Protocol now that the Kyoto Protocol's first phase ended in 2012?
Does incinerating waste release greenhouse gases?
Does grass absorb carbon dioxide like trees and plants?
Who does this fly wake me up every morning?
Why does this fly wake me up every morning?
What jobs study climate change and it's effects?
Is it worth it to move to Colorado and start growing Marijuana?
How can I take a picture, and have it blown up to 48 x 96 without losing quality?
What is the distinguishing features of geographical and environmental sources?
What do I do about these kittens in the attic?
What all gets shut off when your electricity is shut off?
i am going to finish my b.e in eee.i want a job related with wildlife animals and working in forest.pls help?
need picture's of sea defences ? southend?
Are climate scientists sure of their role and the role of politicians?
Oh dear. Another myth shattered? Or reinforced?
Which biome does global warming effect most?
What is the green alternative for chloroform?
What enviromental group can I get involved in?
Is my house haunted or something!?
how are e-wastes recycled?
why is it essential to correctly segregate waste?
What is environment appreciation ?
What's about the safety of Hoover dam?
Are you afraid of the silent monster-volcano under Yellowstone?
I always see squirrels but I never see squirrel poop?
Unique way of Helping Endangered Species?
I've given up hope on humanity?
Do you think it's possible to create a machine that can change the weather?
Does anyone want global warming?
Who will win this climate bet between a skeptic and an alarmist?
Stung by an unknown bug, and now entire arm is hurting?!?
What are the costs in producing electricity in a solar plant?
Is the seaweed on the beach real or artificial?
Have you ever gotten a great idea in the shower?
what part of a tree is living and what purpose does it serve?
how do i turn off my energy saver on my air conditionor?
Has anyone volunteered at the African Conservation Foundation?
What degree is required to become a conservation biologist?
Building a campfire in the woods?
Does anyone support global warming?
Types of owl boxes...?
Climate at 5 minutes to midnight?
What do I do with the electric trap on black ops 2 tranzit?
electric bill is too high?
how do waterparks affect the environment?
Alternative for plastics?
Is there a way to overclock or make an electric smart car faster?
Is it normal for flies to make long high pitch sounds?
Is it a pain to drive an electric smart car?
How do I get these moths out of my room?
can gas masks filter Hydrogen Sulfide, Carbon Monoxide, and Methane?
When does is start to cool down in south Fl?
How are water population, overpopulation, and global warming, interrelated?
What are ten top ten recycling in the world at the moment?
How reliably can laypersons be witnesses to climate change?
I Want To Be Colder (Body Temperature)?
why is the water in Pyramid Lake, CA so green?
does the market have power stations for electric cars?
Are you prepared for the winter?
If CO2 is driving the warming of the planet, why have global temperatures been flat for 16 years?
Why do trees eat people?
Which midlatitude climate is humid and has dramatic seasonal changes?
1995 ford ranger will not start?
What are the inexhaustible energy sources?
Environmental problems?
ok then why is greenland called greenland?
What is an energy flow?
Recent study regarding the Sun?
I am a boy and cry!!!!!?
What is the blend wall?
how do you feel that where you live may determine your life expectancy?
What do you think of the quality of \skeptics\ contributions to these pages?
An article on Solar Power?
Where is energy going?
If the nuclear radiation in Japan in Fukushima isn't dealt with soon what will happen?
how can there be a reduction of packaging?
What is in sand that makes it red?
Remember the Global warming nuts said we would have very active Hurricane season what happened?
Why do they say methane is a much stronger greenhouse gas than CO2?
Are Cadbury's 5 STAR chocolate softer now due to Global Warming?
Assuming various scenarios, would we be better or worse off if we did what you want re: AGW?
I have already account with yohoo , changing my name on my profile , it shown name has been chang but after se?
Difference between Electric and Electronic?
What do you call the lone group of trees on top of a hill?
Help? I inhailed the smoke from an electric fag not realising it was an electric fag?
Does anyone think CO2 \drives\ temps or do you think it helps \stabilize\ temperatures?
Another greenie caught with his pants down? Yet more lies? Will they never stop dreaming things up?
Don't lie, have you ever remembered something really funny and burst out in laughter?
Can you sell mink fur (roadkill) legally in Canada?
How dose anyone believe that paying a carbon tax will help the enviornment?
are vegetarians in the same leage as environmentalists?
Environmental Science?
what type of lipid is typically used for energy storage?
What are you listening to right now?
Is it really 50 to 1?
When did people started to be aware of carbon emissions?
Ways to control water pollution?
Which is better red exit sign or green?
Shouldn't Global Warming be causing Climates to change globally?
Help recycling in my area?
Are polyester shower curtains recyclable?
Can I keep chickens in the city limits of Greenville sc?
help with this question please?
I need opinions on climate change from welsh and Icelandic people - For welsh bacc :(?
GNAAA.com is reliable seller?
Help! there is a coyote in my drive way and my mom is still out?
5 Guiding questions about waste managment?
When is the best time to put up nest boxes?
Opinion Needed: Is global warming caused significantly by pollutants?
house swap usa and russia?
Why is attempted introductions of an exotic species into a new country unsuccessful?
What are some models of global warming?
what is name of the flower?
Jobs for 14 years in melbourne!!!?
What true color is pure water actually ?
what are the global seasonal temperatures?
Does anyone know the route of the high Lane fault in Stoke on trent?
Is ''Free'' Energy technology already available but covertly kept hidden?
How are animals able to build elaborate geometric structures?
Is the military-industrial complex hiding 'free' energy technology from humanity?
Autumn: Can you List some great FALL / AUTUMN Films?
Three ways of caring for Grassland areas in order to avoid loss of species?
Was Gore's 'Inconvenient' movie a scientific article or just an advertisement for his crbn credits?
Would it be wrong to bum an antelope?
Shouldn't Global Warming be causing Climates to change globally?
Global Warming Help needed, Nuclear related.?
Define climate change?
Do these predictions qualify for The Joseph Goebbels Trophy?
I saw a mouse run from my sons giant robot dinosaur to underneath the entertainment center, unfortunately, by?
changing climate science?
What are Lurks????????????????????????
Conservation Ecology Programs?
What to do about wolves?
Please someone help me! Why?
around the San Andreas fault in California, Japanese and US inventors have created support flooriing?
How can we relate climate change and and human health?
How do I preserve meat?
WHAT THE HECK DOES THIS MEAN?
Product/Natural substance with PH of 5.5 for skin cleansing?
what is it at 11:59 pm central in Nevada time?
Why are some foods high(energy) calorie and others are low calorie?
Coyotes and bears..???? Please read details!!?
Why do I see the \energy\ and aura's around me better when...?
Can I use Battey backup in this?
Is this a spider?? Only has 6 legs and no visible resemblance of lost legs?
Why are Crawfish frogs and American Toads in indiana Endangered?
man this summer didnt seem to hot wat about u?
i need to squeeze 20 drops into 1 qt. of water but i have 56oz water?
What bit me while I was standing in the water?
what lilly grows at our canal side?
Why can't ENSO and similar cycles be driving warming?
Help Builind Our Dream Hobbit House?
Can someone explain the NRDC (Natural Resource Defense Council)?
Does living near Sewage Treatement Plant affect health?
Tiny black looking tadpole like insects?
Use old vacuum tubes as HHO drycells?
I'm auditioning to be on the show the voice. Can you listen to me song please?
is dutch elm disease still around?
how to add a cord to an exit sign?
I love the ocean, what opportunities are available?
what are the regulations regarding ice-cream chimes vans?
Are there any websites that have live webcams under the sea so we can see it live if that makes sense?
how to get rid of cockroaches?
what is a environmentally energy source besides solar power and normal electricity in this scenro?
debris removal in nyc?
difference between anthropogenic and natural climate change over hundreds of thousands of years?
What's a reputable foundation to help save the oceans?
Why would my city avoid almost all major weather it all seems to curve around us never hitting us.?
Why do girls wear makeup?
Could the myth of Margaret Thatcher supporting Global Warming be laid to rest?
measures to prevent pollution in hindi?
Are there any Endangered Species In indiana?
Someone give me the newest list of Endangered Reptiles and Amphibians?
Fusion Energy: A solution for Energy Crisis?
Which one of these graphs shows Arctic ice decreasing?
at a cost of under 25m, I can have every coastal state have fresh waster indefinitely?
Is the nature of \Global Warming\ (in the human induced sense) based on internal or external forcing?
Have little pin head sized flying bugs that like to hang around light at night. Any idea? Live in the south.?
Do I need my learners? Or a car for that matter?
How much trouble would I get for leaking oil in a lake?
Connecting solar system to preexisting outlets/switches help?
what do you do if you are stuck in quicksand?
Is it possible to have 12 million volt taser?
What Should i do to this annoying kid in school?
8Watt Solar panel take to charge 6Volt battery?
Why have there been so many flash floods ?
I can't tell what spider this is, is it poisonous?
What % of \scientists\ backing fossil fuel cos' anti-divest campaign are UNDER 65 yrs old?
Speaking of claims made by anti-science climate change deniers, what about this one?
National electric code.?
How much further can my car drive if its about to hit empty any minute now?
what to do about cockroaches?
Environmental issuses..Help me please?
Where can I get a spider identified?/Do you recognize this spider?
is there a bmw m8,m9 and m10?
What kind of racoon is this?
What is the best mask for duststorms aka haboobs?
is there programs dat helps homeless ppl get a home?
Which of the following poeses the greastest risk for species extinction?
Need a list of must watch documentaries on science and environment?
250,000 alpacas died of extreme cold in Peru?
Is it fair to use the crazy things climate skeptics say to demonstrate they are delusional nutcases?
Did the U.S. National Science Foundation fund a study on penis size like a climate skeptic claims?
What is the current net negative climate radiative forcing?
What's underneath an island/what could have stalks supporting it?
Factors influence the climate of africa?
Is there any correlation between your head circumference and your height?
Is this proof of a fossil fuel industry-funded denier conspiracy?
Just Energy - How to end the contract?
Is global warming within the range of uncertainty?
Im a bit confused help?
The Excess sugar in the body get converted into energy with insuline?
How will I know if air around me is polluted or safe?
Electric cars offer a . . .?
Do you guys know a girl name valencia and she plays online her online name is skipthayus or lil_bb213?
It's 4 in the morning where I am(Michigan)....and there's a bat in my room. How do I get it out?
true or false? we should protect Earth nature first before we tera-form Mars?
Does turning the shower off by the box thing outside the bathroom save much electricity?
How do I make an electric go kart?
how to change fraction into % 1/5?
Strange tiny bouncing bug?
How can I deal with the yellow jackets in my bedroom?
Fukushima, radiation, eating sushi?
Could the cooling come quicker and be worse than previously thought?
which alternative fuel will be the best choice on future?
Help please thanks I don't get it?
Earths energy budget in balance?
Question regarding jewelry?
A climate skeptic claimed the US National Science Foundation has a \leftist agenda.\ Do you agree?
IM TERRIFIED OF SPIDERS AND SOME ARE IN MY ROOM?
How much more would you pay for electricity each month to stop global warming?
Why do are someone energy boosters?
What should you keep in a bug out bag?
Wouldn't it be more environmentally conscious to phase out plastic and go back to bottling in glass?
Wouldn't it be more environmentally conscious to phase out plastic and go back to bottling in glass?
remember the electric car that GM introduced in california? why did GM take them back and destroy them?
When you eat food, you are taking in energy from the______________.?
Are you excited for fall? And why?
Shouldn't the world have the antidotes to poisonous gases used in Syria?
species richness and biodiversity?
When do leaves start changing colors?
Is it the end as we know it?
How can a 10 year old boy get 15$?
Renewable Kart Help, Please?
environmental science help!?
Does anyone know if chemical warfare is going on anywhere?
Does anyone know what could be making these marks on these trees?
They say some seals are endangered.Well the ones I killed sure didnt seem dangerous?
What are the problems encoutered when using solar energy?
slogan about proper waste disposal?
What is the current bulk cost for solar cell grade silicon?
why have swallows migrated early?
If conserving natural resources is critical, isn't it counterproductive?
Where to buy? Or how to make Exercise equipment that produces electricity?
What to do when you're bored on a rainy day?
what jobs can i do being hard of hearing?
How do you combat global warming at home?
How many joules of energy are necessary to heat a sample of water mass 46.0 from 0.00 to 100.0c using 4,184j/g?
Does anyone know where the NYC sanitation trucks bring stuff they pick up?
i need a talk on \ development by man and conservation of environment cannot go in harmony\?
can you refuel your cng car from your gas at home?
we have an electric propelled zero emissions 12 seater ford transit minibus 62 plate,will it need an MOT?
Are you an awareness supporter?
What are some ways Sweden has a lower ecological footprint than the United States?
Have anxiety, depression, and mental illness been problems since the beginning of human existence, or...?
Which of the following suggestion is most likely to help you maintain and renew your emotional energy?
what are the threats to extinct species and any attempts to save the species?
Question regarding silver bracelets?
If you are an adult (over 21) from another state, can you buy weed in Colorado legally?
If you had the choice to kill all of humanity (except yourself if you didnt want to die) Would you?
Is Climate Science Being exploited for Political reasons?
do we have too much freedom to drive cars?
what climate do we have during spring break?
What should I do (no hate please)?
are there any National Trust members out there?
what are the advantages and disadvantages of using fiscal instruments as an environmental policy?
Glow sticks? can you make them glow again!?
Do you prefer the weather Hot or Cold?
how much pollution does a single car produce per year?
how many bengali people live in houston city?
Why does Britain use relatively little solar energy but has many wind farms?
Out of all gasoline engine designs what engine, would be most efficient to run on hydrogen, not gasoline?
How to get my energy up quickly?
How will my business save money using eco-friendly products?
Impacts on our Planet, a Concern?
What are the energy problems associated with recycling steel and aluminium?
College Student in Need of Help!?
Where do I report a health issue at an airport?
Should environmentalists relent and allow deadwood to be cleaned out?
Name an international organisation that fight against global warming?
Why do people living in different tropics experience different weather and climate changes?
SPIDER HELP // WHERE ARE THEY COMING FROM?
What landforms are present at Airlie Beach, Queensland?
Arctic ice; Is the relative increase significant?
Does any one know about solar paint under nanotechnology?
Tell me about the\globle institute of manegment & research\ dehli?
How to change weather in saint row 4?
Why are alarmists so concerned?
Energy related sciences?
How do people adapt to and change the environment?
What is an exotic species and an invasive species?
Passage is to change as active is to?
We only found ten percent of land on earth?
If an apocalypse were to occur next year in the western world, what would be the cause?
Is it true if you take 2 dumps a day it keeps the poop fairy away?
What's a good place to go mudding?
How can you tell the difference between mold and mildew?
I may have mold and mildew in my apt. Should I try to break my lease?
global warming is no longer a planetry emergency?
Why do I randomly have an energy crash and bounce back?
What kind of berry is this?
can smell a landfill at home that is over 5 miles away? is there anything i can do?
How to take bigger hits ?(smoke)?
is there a mouse in my house?
What should I do in this awk situation?
How to stop being shy?
What's going on around here and why do people act this way?
I had to change schools!!!! Best answer gets 10 points?
What is your favorite season and why?
How much would we really need to do to slow or stop AGW?
Yellow green discharge but I have no idea why I have it?
How come man thinks he can control the atmosphere when he can't control a forest fire?
How fossil fuels cause gobal warming ?
describe kinetic energy?
I want to relocate for a plethora of reasons?
Why do peope think Global warming is real?
Very hot motor controller for electric bike/scooter over heating?
Do you think human beings are becoming a plague species on Earth?
Do spiders have asthma?
Do crystals contain energy?
What is a problem caused by something our solar system that is affecting our environment?
New paper on warming hiatus?
A ball is hit at 30° to the horizontal with the kinetic energy K. what is the value of its K.E (kinetic energy?
what are some good books about Enegy, particularly nuclear power, and alternative energy(wind, solar,etc.)?
Should I use renewable energy in this situation?
Is it legal to own a NON endangered sloth in california?
California, Florida or New York as an exchange student?
Do you agree with climate modeling and do you agree or disagree with this statement: ?
Environmental Science.. Help?
Can you eat wild chestnuts?
Can you find the largest temperature trend?
Is weed bad for your singing voice ? Are they alike with cigarettes ?
Which countries would be the most polluted by 2020?
how do humans cause global warming (10 points urgent)?
an electrician uses rubber gloves while repairing electric appliances?
What do you like about America?
What are the two major causes for the decline of the American whooping crane and the California Condor.?
Some Endangered Animals?
why do I get mocked for wanting to protect the environment?
Why doesn't Monckton just use enough data points to get a statistically significant result?
What can you do for reducing carbondioxide emission for slowing atmospheric warming during this century?
WHAT DO BANKS LOOK IN A SOLAR DPR?
Why won't global warming alarmists admit there has been no warming for 17 years ?
Do you need to take the lids off plastic bottles before putting in the recycle bin in australia?
External building lifts - why do they have an alarm for when they descend? Is there an alternative?
Do all bat species grow hair?
name an international organisation that fight against global warming?
If sea levels are rising that would show up?
Does Global Warming Pollution have a Link with Rising Cancer Diagnosis?
How long does it take for power to comeback on?
what does it mean if skunks cross your path lots?
Is this what Science can bring us in the near future, and this the intent of their intentions?
If the world isn't getting warmer, why are average temperatures increasing in Australia?
Where do you give your cans so you can get money for them?
Global warming and rising sea levels?
Can econ approaches to environment management adequately account for interaction that make up the environment?
What do you feel when it rains?
I love to look at ..?
where can i find an electric moped scooter?
any new species ideas?
Need a second opinion 10 points?
what type of tropical climate is the most hot in the sense of having the highest temperature?
What's worse for the environment?
Is the current temperature of the earth optimum?
Why are alternative energy sources important for the future?
\does charging electric mobility scooters use a lot of electricity?
Why do AGW alarmist think in terms of peanuts, then fact?
What is the meaning of energy converter?
Do you recycle and if you do what do you recycle?
Is it shameful that I just found out that Tasmanian Devils are an actual species and not just a cartoon?
Why doesnt each trophic level receive all of the energy from the trophic level below it?
To cut with big sweeping strokes change one letter?
Which of the following populations would be least likely to survive a change in its ecosystem?
can electric car be depreciated each year?
Can you answer my questions about the Everglades?
Which Peanuts character is most like a typical YA denier of the science of global warming?
objective of tyre recycling?
I know what I want to do, but don't know what job would let me do those things?
Given all the Alarmist cognitive association skills. Whats a normal temperature rise?
Should commercial fossil hunters have their finds scrutinized by professional paleontologists before any sales?
What number plastics can you recycle?
Given all the Alarmist cognitive association skills. What is the temperture supose to be?
Environment organizations to volunteer at?
Which u.s city would not have been covered by glaciers during the pleistocene?
what was this hybrid worm like thing?
Why do they say all the oil is running out, theres always loads in tesco?
Someone in my house and home alone!!!?
African tiger vs Indian bengal tiger.Who would win?
Anybody know what the *** cognitive dissonance has to do with the GW topic. I think nothing?
Some questions about the Everglades?
How do scientists think biomes will change with AGW?
Do YOU have cognitive dissonance regarding the climate change issue?
If increases in CO2 increase Earth's temperature, then why have global temps been flat for 16 years?
model on separation of hydrogen gas from rainwater to run automobiles or vehicles?
Was gayness the cause of some species extinction?
If you have a free voltage of 24 V , what can you use it for ?
Shark species with 6 gills +?
Can anyone tell me what kind of bird this is?
How to make the time go by faster?
Is humanity ready for global disaster?
Can you join a radio collar crew when they are following wolves?
Does it annoy you that so many products these days contain toxic substances purely for convenience?
Something about radation?
what are the 6 objectives & guiding principles of environment education ?
Was this a jellyfish? If not, what was it?
Global Governance and Climate change?
Climate change how long do we have to wait?
can steam be used as a energy source?
In Bakersfield California do we have recycling machines?
What type of palm tree is this?
What are some environmental career paths that require macro- but not microbiology knowledge?
What is this sea creature?
someone please help!!!!?
When hiking in a forest, can you avoid the bears at night by sleeping in trees?
What do i doif a girl calls me gay?
Found a squishy little ball at the beach?
What U.S state has the best climate?
Why do any Americans drive cars with high MPG ratings?
How do hydrogen engines work?
Solar Power sustainability?
Green lifestyle tip/pledge website name?
How many times a day should I take ultimate maca energy platinum xp?
Do you see the difference in meaning between these phrases?
Describe the foundation of a sustainable society?
Why aren't any auto manufacturers making diesel hybrids?
Was it a government leak that let us know that the globe and oceans have been cooling over the last decade.?
what state do you think this could be?
What is the supposed \AGW debate\?
Global Oil Reserves, Question?
How is the AGW debate changing?
best ways to recycle posticle sticks?
Some guys in my school teases me as well as they used to physically assault me.What to do.Please tell anyone ?
aren't all the new light bulbs (energy saving ones) made in china?
How much does CA pay per pound for recycling plastic bottles/aluminum cans and glass bottles?
Do you think,mangrove/forest are the heart of climate!?
50k budget on renovation?
If the planet can raise its temp by 1C in just over one year, then why is 0.8C so bad?
Is \Climate Change Research\ financed by Government debt?
Limited resources and scarcity?
How long do firefighters get clean fresh air? When entering a burning building how long does fresh air last?
Warming better than cooling?
What is your opinion of this noise problem?
which is the biggest flower and its uses?
****Where should I go?****?
help with this please.....?
Help with my Aero 125 Honda scooter!?!?
Is silicone good, bad, or neutral for the environment?
global warming Obama say hurricanes are getting worse?
Describe a case where command and control regulation would work better than incentive-based regulation.?
How do carburetored vehicles run in harsh winters?
What is the difference between a Muntjac and Chinese water deer fawn?
Easy songs to learn on electric guitar?
What can i do all day my hole family has to work so i have nothing to do all day?
Do you think that Genetically Modified Organisms are destroying our society?
Can salting strips of land prevent future fires from spreading?
A lure gets stuck in a fishes mouth?
What are your thoughts and opinions on wave power?
To Americans: Should we allow \Climate Refugees\ to settle in the U.S.A. ?
Will it be profitable to produce petrol at a nuclear power station?
I found a caterpillar on the hot road?
HELP. I need some cool, MEGA 'interesting' crafty ideas...?
New Mexico or California?
which is cheaper to use Electric oil filled radiator or a inferred heater?
How can acidic oceans contribute to global warming?
what are these stuff on my ac?
How to use hho for burning a gas stove without gas cylinders?
If an appliance is switched off at the wall but still plugged is, is energy being wasted?
What's your opinion on global warming?
In Bergen County, NJ, what is the compliance code for electric for a 50 year old home?
How is heat being transferred from the atmosphere to the oceans?
Can anyone please tell me how I can find out how long a website has been up and running?
Will There Be A Ice Age In 2030?
Are there any other places like the zhangjiajie national forest park?
Penalty for turning electric meter on?
Southend sea flood question?
Would the world be a better place if people lived more like monkeys instead of the way they do now?
Pollution increase in Mumbai do something please?
Solar Still experiment variables?
Best thing for energy boost?
Is the Fukushima situation gonna get worse ?
can biodiesel be considered as a fermented fuel?
How would you rank these AGW solutions, GW?
What projects and initatives are there that aim to save rainforests?
What are the human uses of dry forest and woodlands?
sacore:BlockPage.html?
Are late night walks nice and mindclearing?
What are the basic equipment or system to run a greenhouse?
Is it possible to have a solar system that pumps up water out of a bore 300m deep with the capacity 1600l/h?
if you were homeless and had NO way of getting back on your feet, would u pull a crime on purpose for shelter?
Where to get Solar Attic Fans?
How much is a benchmark limited edition \Wildlife Forever\ knife worth?
When top climate scientists admit?
If water expands when it freezes how is global warming happening?
Why is there chemicals in monocular?
How to cover up a smell?
What does this mean in today's Yahoo news for the environment?
Do you think nuclear power stations are a good energy source?
How likely are we to encounter the disaster that happened in \The Day after Tomorrow\?
What Is This Freaking Spider?
how to do sleep outdoors w/o bugs bothering you?
Alarmist, is global warming slowing down?
what is the most efficient material to build a house from to use the least heating and cooling energy?
is sustainability - cheaper - please explain?
What is kinetic energy?
Change 80 percent to a fraction?
Does the lack of a tropospheric hotspot prove?
Do we need computer models to know that carbon dioxide is a greenhouse gas?
Surviving without electricity...tips?
What is the Point of a Hornets Existence?
A Bear Attack Question :)?
Weather and Climate question for school?
The factor where i work converted there lights from metal halide lamps to fluorescent tubes?
advantages and dis advanages of climate change?
Is showering this long wasteful?
I put out a legal bear bait station last week no results?
What Can be done immediately in case of fire.?
How is this for a AGW advocate answer?
Outline the steps in water purification and recycling.?
What states have a cool/cold climate year round?
3.Which of the following is not matched correctly a. Pesticides- Premature labour b. Radioactive- Sterili?
Do you agree or disagree with the idea that climate change is an environmental justice issue?
i want to provide 100% power to my house. I use 2500kW per month. how big of a solar or wind system do i need?
a conversation between an Ethiopian wolf and a man?
1996 GMC,2500' Fuel delivery problem. Fuel Pump works, but engine stops running after a few seconds. Help!?
how to protect female secuirity?
Are these people the real victims of AGW?
Hydrogen/Oxygen Fuel Cells, why are they not used to power automobiles?
Does water have cells?
How to control energy waste (electricity) ?
Moving for the first time?
Energy is measured in?
Biodiesel how does it power cars?
Will the louisiana sink hole kill the earth?
What is your favorite Alternative Energy?
are retaining walls and deflection walls the same thing?
What's ur favorite season?
Is There a Online Sneaker Store like Footlocker That u can purchase a Pair of shoes & Pay it Little by Little?
What is everything to consider and/or look for when trying to purchase a fuel efficient vehicle for cheap?
Is it possible for articles that go against climate change?
Has anyone noticed a definitive or almost definitive benefit with the present cycle of global warming?
Can you recycle aluminium drink cans and tinned food cans together?
Global warming how are the polar bears doing?
The concentration of CO2 is 0.04%?
Suggests events that have yet to occur?
Insect identification help?
Cars like the 1986 Honda CRX?
Where can i get carbon monoxide from?
Cynthia bacteria?End of world?
Where can I download ANNA KARENINA (2013)?
Plastics. What is the real cost to our environment of the widespread use of plastics?
How to save fuel in two wheeler?
Is Sea World really that bad?
Why do people in farms and researchers have to beat the animals and experiment on innocent animals?
Can I try an electric cigarette?
I have a 6 hour car ride, movies?
Why aren't environmentalist concerned about plastic water bottles?
How can I become a \renewable energy engineer\?
What is the green home energy consumption?
Does any one know where \the top of the world\ is in syracuse ny?
Time Capsule help please!?
Why does this happen to me and most girls? Read below.?
What should you do with a mussel that you get from a oyster pearl kit?
Are energy monitors any good?
Does anyone know if manufactures still make Plastic Lumber out of EPS (expanded polystyrene)? If so who still?
What's your greatest fear?!:o?
does jeans has any impact on the environment?
plants growing in nigeria?
Is there an animal that would play with it's food before killing it?
What is the effects of climate change on honey bees around the world? Please help! So desperate?
is it worth recycling for cash?
Can I do what I want with this land?
Recently had a grill fire, is there any chemicals I could get that can remove the burn marks easily?
When do you think that the end of the world will come?
I ts because kids haven't got houses?
Sardines washed ashore - Safe to eat?
Tell me any model on Prevention of depletion of the OZONE LAYER !! Hurry?
What's with these mini mosquitoes?
What will be the ultimate affects from the ice melting from the north and south poles ?
car ac and fuel effiency?
Is wildlife/ nature doomed?
Would scientists ever actually say \It's too late\?
address of aeropostale store in india?
Which are those tiger species which are close to extinction?
About global warming ?
Ideas for a global warming visual representation?
Ideas for a global warming visual representation?
Ideas for a global warming visual representation?
Weird bugs around house?
What happens if car hho kit is installed on a bike?
What is Energy, where it comes from ?
Who else thinks this would be kinda cool?
Why should we be concerned about extinction of species?
If Earths atmosphere were thinner?
Is it better to buy a big house or little house?
What types and flavors of weed are there?
severe dust storm desert area warning 8/22/2013?
how's the weather in plateau?
Can you charge an electric car with a stun gun?
How did you feel when you shot your first ever animal?
What's the difference between ecological engineering and earth and enviormental engineering?
Who Deserves to Be in the Environmental Hall of Fame?
what is the impact on soil salinity?
climate change why is the atmosphere?
Who Deserves to Be in the Environmental Hall of Shame?
Which state do u think is hotter?
Is high school another version of hell and if so why?
How do I produce my own 127 hours tribute?
ways that people can help stop global warming?
Websites to find out if someone died in your house?
Exact day of bp oil spill?
If global warming is real, why is the Arctic ice near record thickness this year?
PLEASE HELP- I'M TERRIFIED :'(?
Is there a smoke detector that measures cigarette smoke?
Why do you think environmentalists wouldn't be in favor of the Environmental Performance Index?
Do you wait til you get home from work to poop?
If I spray peppermint oil directly on a spider will I anger it?
How do geographers identify climate?what do they look at?
If the only documented example of terms being adopted for political use came from a climate skeptic?
How to use Salvia Divinorum?
What is the Traditional lairing of trolls?
Best chilly place to live?
How do we measure energy entering and leaving the Earth's climate system - Part 2?
If CO2 was saturated, wouldn't water be, too?
Is global warming a real thing?
Do we have to worry about solar enery getting depleted in another 5 billion yrs?
CO2 is a radiative forcing?
When does the Xbox One come out in North America?
Relationship (analogy) between climate science and marijuana?
What are the different pollutants found in streams and what are the ways in sanitizing it?
Has a natural disaster ever been used to aid a militaristic advance?
How do I get the power-line noise to stop?
what colleges in michigan offer programs in Wildlife Technology, Wildlife Biology, and Wildlife Mangament or a?
how do hook up an exit sign but without using the wires?
can an employer sack you if you have a sick note?
hot to pursue a career in animal tracking/counter poarching/or generally working on a reserve in the african b?
Why do alarmists insist that a 0.8C rise in average temp since 1880 is catastrophic?
What is the best kind of light bulb that could help save energy?
What are natural ways to get more energy (Other than sleep) throughout the day opposed to energy drinks?
Nuclear Power is being overlooked?
Do I have cottonmouths?
Why not just make Earths atmosphere thinner?
I keep getting called by someone named Frank Garrett?
i recently moved into a seniors building,its a very neat building and as clean as a whistle?
Tropical wave South of Hawaii?
What gauge shotguns are there?
My neighbors have bed bugs!?
Is there any artificial ozone layer invented by scientists?
Do you think the cause of the recent pause in global warming is anthropogenic?
Based on data collected in Hawaii, since about 1960 the amount of CO2 in the atmosphere has:?
What type of hawk (no pic sorry)?
laws of energy; 8thgrade?
what are the environmental impacts for burning forests?
What happened to global warming this summer?
Variation within a species increases the likelihood that ?
How long does it take to get to Africa?
Do cell phones work in caves?
Why is it better to measure climate in terms of anomalies rather than raw data values?
Who to contact about concerns in our water supply?
My arrow bounced back?
Can playtypi eat people?
Global warming and Venus?
Is there online tide times for Dartmouth uk?
Briefly descibe how geography including climate affected the way early human lived?
Please help me identify,What kind of Roach was this?
in a warehouse what is the health and safty policy on loading bay?
What kind a bird is this?
Is there a company that makes vinyl records with postconsumer recycled vinyl?
releasing animals at the nature reserve?
What sort of classes would I take if I was getting a degree in forestry?
what is noise pollution an its effects?
how to identify an salvia divinorum plant?
Can a 14 year old ride a electric scooter/moped if so what section of the law?
I want to make a smaller impact on the earth without changing my everyday routine, any suggestions?
How much weight does the cap contribute to recyclable, plastic bottles?
How do we measure energy entering and leaving the Earth's climate system?
Are you aware of this, and what does it suggest about \warmer is better\?
is this only happening to me?
What was the 95% consensus in that climate panel?
What is meant by 'hide the decline'?
Did I plant it to late?
New ideas on utilization of waste energy?
Should I had responded the way i did, what would you do?
What exactly is extreme or severe weather?
Is fighting to own water possible?
Questions related to : wildlife crime,wildlife conservations.Please. give answers too?
What is your assessment of Michael Mann's lecture at Rutgers?
Is there someone outside my house?
can coal be used to produce cleaner fuel?
Is it true that Global Warmng has been over for 15 years now?
Cranbrook Eco-Town Research?
Does it sound like im spoiled?
Did you ever want to murder someone?
meat industry is the word biggest polluter, you can find out on the internet if you don't believe it,?
electric field produce due to change in magnetic field in solenoid?
How to make time go by faster?
Which countries, excluding the US, have a lot of sunshine / are hot but are not humid?
Earth’s supply of concentrated usable energy is being steadily?
What are the possible negative effects of picking up trash?
What minor would go good with a degree in fisheries and wildlife with emphasis on conservation biology?
are hybrid cars worth buying?
Will we ever run out of oil? If so, how many more years of oil does the world have left to offer?
How crucial is the troposphere hotspot to the climate change?
what would be the best way to power a water pump in timor leste? wind, solar or the conventional power grid.?
HELP!! WILL I HAVE TO BE EVACUATE OUT OF MY HOME DO TO FORESTFIRES?
Thin, small, red spider???!? What is this?
What can I do to change the world ( pollution wise )?
Can we use sun energy....better?
im really conflicted about my job ?
Really confusing question. Please answer?
Are you Still not worried?
Somebody please help with spider identification? (Pic included)?
How to dispose of large amounts of rotten meat? PLEASE HELP!?
What is global Warming?
Global management of greenhouse gases?
Which state in America has the greenest grass?
What type of spider is this?
Long term sustainability?
how to be in marijuana industry?
looking for a specific climate?
What are three ways that potential & kinetic energy are alike?
Who are inspiring people? Who's your inspiration?
what are 2 solar facts?
Why aren't trampolines allowed near helipads?
How is energy produced from coal?
Marijuana, Pot, Bud, Hemp?
I feel very strange like I lose too much energy very fast why!?
what happens if you don't burn your excess energy?
Why do climat change alarmists ignore the truth that the earth is cooling ?
Can you adapt easily to change?
Are there unbiased answers for global warming?
Will Global Warming Ever Stop? Should I Be Worried?
Is the 97% consensus the truth or just a great piece of propaganda?
What are good ways to control the human population?
What organism is not depending on the sun as its main source of energy?
Micro cars im from the uk???????
i need an object that burns insanely hot?
My electric bill has gone up $30 this past bill?
Does anybody know when it's suppose to cool down?
Energy Manipulator 1.6.2 Mod for Minecraft 1.6.2?
Gee Has O Mike succumbed to the denier fear of real answers. Did he block you to?
We need good ideas for a fort?
Is a full refrigerator cheaper to cool than an empty one?
What are natural ways of increasing energy levels?
Visit a construction site where the ground is dug up to lay foundation of a building. Look at the layers of th?
Why should I care about climate change?
Help in my report please?
Why would Michael Mann do this?
what are the functions of WWF?
Environmental issues are not as serious as they are made to be?
Apparently some supporters of fracking don't know?
How do you make Hemp Fuel?
Have you heard about Jesus?
junk removal resources?
Define physical environment of Pakistan?
Why are some houses creepy looking?
Over population can affect greenery or not?
Difference between Solar and Thermal Energy?
How can I make a musical devilstick?
I get upset at night when im going to a sleepover in 5 days. Help!?
Whats wrong with me me!?
Is there such a thing as \Solar AND Wind Powered Generator System\ available on the worldwide market?
Main purpose of Harvesting?
Are you voting green next time?
How do I read energy usage on thermostat?
Does Venus have a greenhouse effect?
What are people doing now to minimize or prevent the possible effects of Global Warming?
I found a spider somewhere and it's blown my mind can someone tell me how it got their?
Are the climate models the only link?
Electric out in Tulare ca. How long?
What is the difference between an elk and a caribou?
give the chief factors for the development of new species?
Laser safety assesment please help!?
Is Miskolczi claim that CO2 cannot cause catastrophic warming correct?
What is the proper age to release juvenile swans?
How do I mail this greeting card?
Are radio waves energy or matter?
What animal skull is this?
climate science do we really know all there is to know?
diesel engine sources, history assingment?
Is this normal in highshool?
I Just Started High School, But I want to get Home schooled but my parents and I can't afford it?
How do you get rid of bugs in your backyard?
where is the best market for neighborhood electric vehicles?
Why is John Muir not really known?
Converting an old car to EV?
Finding dead baby wasps in my window sil ?
Need to get this out! help?
What are the top US invasive species?
Can Global warming alarmists be trusted to tell the truth ?
Why is it better to refuel your car after 6 PM?
Does this new paper on aerosols give more answers or raise more questions?
how is whole tunas or sashimi/sushi tunas caught?
Many Pyramids Around The World Right?
how have you dealt with a union environment?
Did he get anyone right?
Why would climate change lead to an increase in hurricane intensity?
What are the possible ways of getting out of the rot caused by 8-5 syndrome that tends to kill initiative ?
Who else just wants Autumn to come already and why?
I want a speech on'environment and pollution?
Due to the rise in wind energy use around the world, are we living in Generation Wind?
do filtrete air filters use more power then fiberglass air filters?
how many trees for each human's polllution?
What would happen if we did what you want about AGW and you were completely wrong?
how is the crime rate in Sequatchie vs stuart florida. can anyone please tell me? Also what about tornadoes?
Dublin- where can I get materials for recycling art workshops? I can't collect everything...?
Water becoming a limited resource.?
Changing Of Clocks Each Year?
Please provide a source on EPA requirement that above ground storage tanks must have secondary containment?
i need a good conclusion on conservation of water?
What to do if I see fire!?!?!?
how can one enrich iron as a fuel source?
I need a current event that shows productivity to show graphs?
Does this series of New York Times climate articles (titles only) give you 'cause-for-pause'?
There's an owl in my bathroom, help?
how do geological and climate change affect evolution?
How does climate change lead to increased aridity and Desertification?
I Though we were suppose to hAve Flying Cars By now were are they?
Solar lights still not working properly after putting in new batteries?
what is the relationship between a carabao and heron?
two alternative sources of energy which are renewable and can replace fossil fuels in the energy production?
does singapore have water or do they import?
Do AGW supporters not have even?
What are the techniques can be used to hydrolyze the carbohydrate components in organic waste?
Does anyone know the names and positions of those 75 scientists who comprise 97% of the worlds scientists?
What is ecosystem conservation approach?
Have models been falsified?
How would a Zombie war\\apocalypse play out?
What are some good ways to get rid of coyotes?
What do you think of Solar Hot Water?
With economic development comes urbanization?
What is the effect on the amount of oxygen in a river if a large quantity of sewage was pumped into it?
What foods do birds eat?
Argumentative Essay: Global Warming?
So we as a planet have recycled water for millions of years. . .?
Are Wood roaches dangerous?
When does it start getting cooler in central Texas?
2002 chevy cavalier bi-fuel check engine light coming on.?
are emily ratajkowskis breasts real...?
Will we ever run out of gas?
How Geothermal energy may be used as a substitute for fossil fuels?
Do coca cola plastic bottles have 0.05 cents value like water plastic bottles?
Are there any pictures of Chernobyl before the explosion?
Have I just found the world record sand dollar for this species?
Do people who bang on about 'deniers' really expect to be taken seriously?
can i use a air shotgun in the uk?
What winter vegetables to plant in Northern California?
How much pot could I get for a $50 in the northern suburbs of Melbourne Australia?
Where can I find a good solar generator?
Can I find agates on the beach?
How can you get affordable Solar Panels?
What kind of food should I store up?
Why can't we send our pollution into space to get burnt up by the sun?
Might other potential \tipping points\ be more significant or likely than arctic methane?
How does a planet cool?
What does this mean? (Described in additional answers!)?
Is it best to leave your air on always on a certain degree rather than turn it on and off trying to save money?
What to do with used paper towels and plates?
I have 1995 blazer won't start not getting fuel ?
Where I Can Downlod Wildlife Flim/Videos?
Mission hills Horned toads?
When will I recieve my DHL package?
Which bird shovels through short grass ?
Other than Alaska what are some places to live a self-sufficient life alone in the wilderness?
Is the lion man Dead?
Do coyotes come out during the winter time?
Whales? Best answer = 10 points...?
What jobs can I do involving sinkholes/ natural disasters?
I have a problem. I live in Iceland and global warming is causing my igloo to melt. What can I do?
Is there an electric car with a hp of 900 or over in existence ?
Can you change a roofs style?
Where could I find these environmentally-related items in everyday life?
How should I dispose my old perfume?
what questions should be asked to Environmentalists, NGOs, Politicians, local population - representatives?
If you had to make a choice which would it be - cold snap or heat wave?
There is no reason whatever why we can't replace?
What are the government/commercial incentives/discounts that come for solar panels?
\Environmental degradation by humans\- Cartoon ideas please.?
Does sustainable living represent the future?
What professional should you get to solve a low frequency throb in flat. It started in Nov 2012?
should i go to school in a electric wheelchair?
other then ebay, what website can i sell my gems and minerals?
solutions for under developing countries?
2.5%fuel surcharge waiverat all petrol pump assuming fuel spends of rs.4000?
Crazy bug what is it?
Can the electric company cut your power off when its 88 degrees?
cursed training ground of Jusenkyo?
What will winter 2013/2014 be like? UK?
what does Great Escarpment mean?
If the hydration energy is equal to or greater than the lattice energy, then the salt is water soluble. WHY?
For salts, why the hydration energy is greater than the lattice energy?
any one else ever get a smell of semen outside?
How serious is Global warming?
What are Recovery plans? (For species conservation)?
What melted the ice age?
pollution graphs of different in india?
Who said that the burden of proof is on \warmers\?
Why does cambodia have no the earthquake?
how can i compute for right amount of solar panels and batteries for an offgrid system that require 18kw/day?
Mosquito problem in my room?
By using distillation ,how much amount of electrical energy is needed to get 30 litres of usable water ?
which Asian country is a major producer of nuclear energy?
Why does my room smell bad?
Why does the global warming have?
What are some negative impacts of ethical fashion?
Why does the air blow from north to south?
Haunted areas in modesto?
Who said that the burden of proof is on \warmers\?
Can we use the steam produced from sea water can used to produce electric power?
Is 67°F cold, warm, or hot?
hi could someone help me find a motivational video of mankind saving the planet please ?
Our 3 yr young flats have had mice, my neighbour moved out because of it, i havent seen any or heard any,?
Why dont goverments focus on solar,wind,water power instead of killing eachother for fossil fuels?
Why does rain fall from north to south?
What kind of bird is this?
Infinite Energy Theory?
What if the streets were all grass?
What is your favourite month of the year?
The great global warming scare?
Spider with a tiny head? Help?
Is fracking harmful to the environment?
Will there be flying cars in the future?
If they tamper with the instrumental record, why not do so to give a continuous warming trend?
What the heck are these bugs called?
Ideas for an animal awareness club?
Should i start buying survival gear and stock up on food and water?
How is linen dressing a green way?
where can i buy a penny board that costs $90 - $115 and can customize it?
How do I convert a D cell powered Dog Door to solar?
Have you ever gave someone a sarcastic answer without him realizing?
what if all the pollution us humans have been dumping into the environment has actually been creating monsters?
Is the book factor 5 known in the English speaking world?
Does ripped fuel test positive for anything on a drug test?
What is your fav season? and why?
Should I stay or just give up?
The process requires absorbtion of energy is?
scope means we can see in future green building architecture?
Should we be debating warming, cooling, or global environmental degradation?
What are your views on fracking?
Does the low population density in America give the wrong impression of resources not being finite?
Why is it so difficult for Americans to differentiate energy cost and energy price?
In the 70's Japan decided to gradually escalate its energy prices to 2X international prices. The result?
What don't you like about hot days?
Is it possible to connect 19, 12 volt batteries in series? and use mosfet DC to AC converter?
A Very Simple Question?
What are the disadvantages of solar power plant?
Where are horseflies most common ? \\?
who do I talk to about getting fired for recycling?
Any firefighters out there....?
What is a easy way to get ride of flys?
What pole goes with the h2o express?
Healthy energy smoothies?
The practice of reusing and recycling materials? (How And using what) give examples?
Mom doesn't understand she's harmign the environment?
What is the name of this machine that decomposes (?) food leftovers?
Can I smoke old weed?
Best Filtered water Bottles?
When were bear safe dumpsters introduced to Yosemite National Park?
outgoing radiation in the CO2 spectrum try again?
Will the oceans rise by 20 feet by 2100?
After Nuclear war resulting in Nuclear Winter, would the poles on the earth be affected?
how long do deoxygenizers work?
Will an electric supply co. change a USA electric item to conform into European cord and plug so I can send i?
The transfert of The Amount of Dr Philip Munawar to Another Account?
is it leagl to dumpster dive at stores like gamestop and walmart?
Red hornet wasp thing in my house! What do i do?
Is this a gas leak behind washer?
Is it odd or ridiculous to have a fear of slugs and snails?
What could happen that would cause you to leave your home for a week or so?
Is your moon orange tonight? 8/16/13?
HELP!!! There's someone in my HOUSE!!?
Would 100% dump-site recycling be a viable solution?
Small fish swimming in my pool?
Neighbour installs a wind turbine without permission....?
Will you take my poll about global warming and evolution, GW?
i need a good excuse because i burned a hole on my sofa cover?
a teen girl live in green fields with a man hwo caretake for her,brings water from river on a horse?
Do I need permits to build an earthship house?
How much is gold worth?
how energy convert one form an other form give an industrial example?
What was the climate like in Catal Huyuk?
Electric bicycle manual.?
Can someone supply me with a map of the world where the countries are represented by their national animals?
hi everyone today i am asking about the diode used in solar panel box?
outgoing radiation in the CO2 spectrum?
So what's new with AGW? Anyone find that missing heat... yet?
Private homes being built on once-significant sites: one of the world's great evils?
RACHEL CARSON- SILENT SPRING?
RACHEL CARSON- SILENT SPRING?
Energy vampire say what now?!?!?
How do I sleep with my windows open?
can biomass be calculated from landsat satellite images?
Why do people spend time taking care of endangered animals?
Is global warming man made or is it a natural process?
Population growth in developing countries?
How to sneak out of my house?
What can I use as an alternative to toilet paper?
What should i do? Read the question!?
What objects do you see in the letter M?
How do scientists allocate funding for conservation of species?
Top at the beach keeps falling off?
Where does water go after it goes down the sink?
saving ones nuclear energy and if an accident the contain bulldoze containment bulldoze into containment pit?
What does plowing do?
what are the types of energy?
Is there such thing as solar powered chargers?
What is the climate like in North America compared to South America?
what is the efficiency of a natural gas electric locomotive versus a diesel electric locomotive?
What is this fly thing?
Can anyone tell me what kind of insect this is?
How many gallons of fuel is in a 2014 chevy cruz lt?
What smells remind you of autumn?
Arctic sea ice and recent declines?
i know almost al basics but what does it mean by car stalling?
what is the fuel 320d fuel efficiency?
Why can't my chinchilla fly when he's thrown out the top window?
Guys sigh the petition to stop modified food?
Does Trader Joes have electric carts I have one leg and can't walk to far?
Legitimate Concern Regarding Current Summer?
This will sound so retarded but...?
does the Michigan DNR put out a list of controlled fires?
reason to select wild life conservation as a project what is the importance?
how would your town of the future look like?
Scared Of Global Warming And The Rest!?
And when you’re needing your space to do some navigating, I’ll be here patiently waiting to see what you find.?
Global warming/climate change: do some people actually not believe in it?
Do fat people cause global warming (if there is warming)?
What about the tropics really gives them more biodiversity?
What would be the point of faking Global Warming?
World wide Electric Magnetic Pulse?
Why Larry Ellison said Dplomas are for loser? what is the logic behind it? to what extent it is true?
If I decide to live in the wilderness in some shack that I will build, do I still have to pay taxes?
What are the use and management of energy sources?
how to grow a mustache and fast?
Solar Panels, kilowatt hour and total kilowatt per day?
Anything about the Great Barrier Reef?!?
Does Antarctica suffer from isostatic glacial rebound?
Creepy crawler problems help ?
five non biodegradable things?
How many countries have banned shark finning?
Is copper recyclable ?
i want to do EVS project so please tell me some topic related to environment and how it is harmful to environ.?
I NEED HELP WITH A SPIDER PROBLEM, PLEASE?!?
Sending mail to another country (HELP)?
Whats a good sheepshead bait besides fidler crabs?
what job or career path title would you use to describe this person?
How is Anarctica losing ice mass?
Is a stupid epistemology an Epistemology of Stupid?
ways to begin air pollution.?
How long does it take for pesticide to work?
What in the world is this ugly thing?
What is geo-thermal energy?
What beatles can fly? & are they a risk?
Explain how recycling and reuse affect depletion time of resources.?
which is heavier diesel or petrol?
How does a meal worm eats its food?
Will nuclear power be the source of energy eventually?
Leeches in my backyard pond?
What is the underwater current speed around Timor Leste?
What would happen if Earth was colder?
Is the artic melting Is Cause by Global Warming?
What can I do to pass time.?
Environmental Studies Major?
What are ways i can save on utility bill?
What do you think about teenagers?
Why don't CFL recycling programs/collection bins also accept standard light bulbs for recycling?
Where can i get the cannibis energy drink?
IS A DADDY LONG LEGS OKAY WITHOUT A LEG?
Why do alarmists never mention record ice growth in the Antarctic?
If the 2.84 billion folks living in coastal areas were killed by AGW, wouldn't that solve the problem?
Silence when i got to actually use the toilet?
Why doesn't America appoint Joe the plumber to assess climate related risk for the Pentagon?
How does one battery have less energy than a differnt battery company?
I broke one of those energy saving efficient light bulbs?
Hi .I have been sleep walking lately.I got it when I was atleast 4yrs old.It went away for a while .it camebac?
Why can't the nuclear plant be put in a volcano?
What's better- electric or acoustic?
what is an ice age and what will happen if we have one?
Good woodsy places to live?
If global warming is such a popular issue?
Why do skeptics and denialists seem to have an all-or-nothing view of responses to AGW?
Question for the climate change \skeptics?\?
I'd like to work in the forests but don't want to work for the law?
What factories emit smoke regularly?
are they any crisis similar to the Amazon deforestation ?
why are most weather events blamed on global warming today?
If models are so bad, why do skeptics keep using them?
what are the two advantages and disadvantages of the climate of South Texas?
why has this summer been so cold?
My chinese scooter won't start with the electric or the kick starter. does anyone know what the problem is?
Fuse and electric scooters?
White stuff growing on things?
should the use of plastics be banned in all countries?
Human environment act 1972?
If you were a parent, where would I hid my weed?
Many people talk about finding alternatives to oil & natural gas but the real question is will we?
Predict the weather today?
Is Climate Change a boom or a bust?
What happened to global warming this summer?
What wildlife and fauna can be found in Cooks River?
Is the new NOAA report just environmental doublespeak?
I don't feel safe in my home?
How is the photic energy absorbed by chlorophyll transfered to ATP molecule in photophosphorylation?
How is the photic energy absorbed by chlorophyll transfered to ATP molecule in photophosphorylation?
Why is it legal to monopolize on electric for certain areas?
Mattresses dumped at end of my road?
If electricity is kilowatts, what is Gas?
cause of pollution by acid rain?
10 Effects of Climate Change across the World?
Rock/crystal identification please!?
What do you call to the intersection where salt water and fresh water meets?
HELP! Am i to big for a razor pocket mod electric scooter?
Is the luna moth I found dying?
A question for Global Warming regulars?
what is the best clean energy available now?
Do you prefer the world without internet or with?
unidirectional energy flow through ecosystem?
WHAT IS A GROUP HOME?
reverse relays? anyone know whare i can find them if there is any?
Which one of the following nutrients is not a source of energy for the body?
climate change is the media guilty of propaganda?
what is this thing??!?!?!?
What is usually done with collected organic waste?
How is this assessment holding up from the IP CC Chairman?
Help me!!!!!!!!!!!!!please!!!?
Why are we having an unprecedented cold arctic summer?
Is energy saving lightbulbs better... or regular lightbulbs with a dimmer?
What kind of spider is this?
Power around this area and up till about 4 miles keeps cutting on and of why is this ...?
Solar shingles how are they installed?
Who Should Be in the Environmental Hall of Fame?
Who Should Be in the Environmental Hall of Shame?
Has global warming increased or deacreased?
in southern ca which direction do you face solar panel?
What if the electric car charged the batteries with momentum?
How can electric cars be said to be zero emission vehicles?
What Majors offer marine Life rehabilitation/conservation?
How would you describe bush fires?
I FOUND 2 CARPET BEETLES HELPP!!!!! 10 points for best answer?
How is the energy of a nuclear reactor converted to electricity?
how cattle are killed in a modern food processing plant.?
suggest ways in which energy can be used in more efficiently and economically in the Caribbean?
How many moles of H2O will be produced from 6 moles of O2?
Why would sea levels rise under global warming?
2 C8H18 + 25 O2 = 16 CO2 + 18 H2O?
Do people in society agree that global warming is a threat to us all?why do they have these beliefs?
Are some countries more supportive of evidence of global warming ,why do you think this is ?
How does the media portray global warming bearing in mind its threats and effects worldwide ?
what is a partial eclipse?
Water filter recycling?
How much of a contributing factor is the Planned Obsolescence economy to global greenhouse gasses?
Are there any plans or projects in the U.S. to plant extremely tall trees like the ones at Redwood Natl Park?
What is Ozone density : <0.05 PPM equivalent to?
How to make a profit from recycling cans in GA?
Where can I go throw away a gallon of piss that I dont want to open?
What is the recyling rate in GA per pound of cans?
Mt Pinatubo, is the following true?
Why is there little to no wildlife on my property?
How to convert mechanical energy to eletrical energy?
What is the best energy option for an research base in Nunavut?
Polar bears drink boards?
What does\bioaccumulation\mean?
What is the cheapest way to go green?
What have you found that motivates people to “go green”?
Should water resources be rationalised?
What is worse wasting electricity or wasting time?
Do you think that the lady in this story is causing a lot of pollution?
How solid is new scientific research pointing to a significant release of Arctic methane in coming decades?
Poll: What American city has your ideal weather?
how to create introduction of zero percent artificial energy consuming building?
what is your experience regarding problems of road construction?
hard drive data destruction?
have you ever started a project?
Can overpopulation make us extinct??!!?
what is the purpose of having metal in a solar water system?
I want to finger myself but I really don't know how or where it's at. Don't judge me.?
i need info on plug in hybrids?
I wish i was from the 70/80s.?
I found a huge spider in my room!!?
Can I shoot this pesky creature?
How do I talk to guysi find attractive?
What happens if our world climate changes by 1 °C?
do plastic bags have feelings?
What the hell just bit me!?
Can a 30watt solar panel generate over 8 amps in a day?
what place to go to see the meteor showers in Tacoma, Washington?
why are certain carburettor driven cars better in performance than fuel injected cars?e.g. renault5t.l.,morgan?
Any tips on how to sleep well?
Don't laugh, but could this be a raw diamond?
What is a plane that can travel over 10 thousand kilometres in one tank of fuel?
No Animal Rights for Fish and Insects?
Did the heat turn out the power or did something hit a pole?
global warming how fast are sea levels going to rise?
How to make shoes from the wilderness?
Use more energy to turn AC off at night and open windows?
The importance of conserving energy resources?
Global warming/cooling/real/fake/free debate?
How does proximity to the coast effect climate?
Which car can I buy and convert to burn Hydrogen AND gas, and then SELL fast?
Science and the financial situation behind AGW?
Do cool kids get anywhere in life?
Broke energy saver light bulb and may have inhaled toxins?!?
Is the megalodon shark still out there?
Can a h2o express take 15 lb line?
Smoking in public area?
I need a Recycling Slogan?
Types of energy from the sun?
Determine the standard Gibbs free energy of formation of H2O(l) from the standard Gibbs free energy changes.?
Large bee(wasp?) that hovers by grass?
Is this water safe? How can I tell?
Why is there a fundamental misunderstanding of science with global warming?
Found a used 2006 Chevrolet cobalt for 900 and it has 106,000 miles on it . Is this a good deal?
Why solar energy is not harnessed to it's potential?
can i improve solar power technology with glass, telescope technology?
I have a problem at work.....?
What do you think will cause a human extinction event?
i need a wedsite to find out what type of shell this is?
How do I get out of headlocks?
What is meant by climate change and give 2 examples?
Justify 'Plants photosynthesize only in day and respite at night. Whaaaa?
Justify 'Plants photosynthesize only in day and respite at night. Whaaaa?
Science has shown that using recycled aluminum to make new cans uses 95% less energy than using new materials.?
in our lifetimes (by 2050) will we no longer be able to drink tap water ?
Sea turtle paper help!?
Question on Iron for Clothes?
how many birds are there?
can i convert a gas fryer to electric?
What should I wear to this job interview??!!?
Heating with a wood burning stove...?
Can a peltier walled, alcohol fueled generator drive an electric vehicle more efficiently than a gel-cell?
How many solar panel will i have to install?
misuse of natural resource?
Clear blue pregnant? the electric reader says no. but the stick has 2 stripes doesnt that mean yes? its light?
Deliberatly Put Non-Recycleable Materials in Recycle Bin?
Ways to care for the Atmosphere?
The type of cell that converts electrical energy to chemical energy?
What type of whale is this? pictures included?
I you cut a kangaroos throat does it die instantly?
Why has acid (LSD) become so rare in los angeles?
How do you delete a raw confessions account?
Is constructing with wood good or bad?
What hazard can deforestation cause?
Fire, can I put it out this way?
Getting away from a gang?
I want to install solar panel but how many solar panel will i have to install?
Has anyone seen the big wolf spiders yet this year in the UK?
True or false: many of the people who push the global warming alarm have ulterior political motives?
How can anyone believe believe in AGW when the US President has Air Force 1 make a special trip for his dog?
Can anyone find me the actual quote, article or interview where Latif said that it could cool for 20 years?
How do you remove a bad scent from a mattress?
Earth System Science?
For the physicists about energy?
Group name related to atomic energy?
Where can i get a electric scooter?
Could my cousin be reported as a runaway?
This little girl stares at me?
What trees produces buds.?
How to cool down my room?
What are some of the evidences for climate change in general?
Global warming is it sensible?
Mississippi Logging Laws?
how to grow a mustache?
I need help with solar panels?
Got a very strange bug sting, but I can't identify it?
All purpose battery operated generator?
Does camphor kill bedbugs?
Is there any concentrated solar design that is completely passive?
What to do in forest?
If you had to chose between saving endangered species and endangered habitats, which would you chose?
Is electrical energy the same as electricity?
Gas Rc car on electric rc?!! Please help?
Why are the most prosperous areas in colder climates?
Give practical example of how climate afected natural environment?
Will technology help?
WHAT DO I DOO!! I lost a spider in my living room and I can't find!!!! Help please what do I Do?
Best time to go Curb Surfing before Bulk Trash Pick Up in Austin, TX?
Is \pollution\ reduction (+ve externality), by adjunct processes, an accounting myth?
Where is the problem with overpopulation if there is enough food to go around for everybody?
With record Arctic ice growth and no warming the last 10 years will alarmists turn back to cooling to scare?
Can you say anything nice?
which city has the most trees per capita?
What kind of caterpillar is this?
find out the word with the jumbled letters SBEPRAPAG?
Why is the MWP, the LIA, and the current warming period not connected by today's climate scientists?
how many 200ah battery will i need in a 10kw off grid solar energy set.for 120-240v input inverter.?
What impossible thing would you all want to have?
Has the US decreased oil consumption, now that we have more fuel efficient and alternative energy fuels?
Do you hate village life?
What are the steps of swimming pool filteration?
Is stepping on bugs illegal?
I found a spider and now it's gone?
What to do if bear encounter while riding a horse.?
If sea levels were continue to rise could major landmasses change shape?
what initiatives can you take to create a green neighbourhood?
how is use of resources responsible for natural calamities?
Please help gas leak scare!!?
Has anyone been in an ecology club?
Deforestation speech conlusion?
Solar off grid system - homepower?
why do they make rc car trailer?
What exactly is global warming... Haha?
Is biogas an efficient form of energy?
What are some sustainability issues New Zealand is facing?
How many baileys are out there?
How come so few fruits make it to the market?
what are those tiny bugs that sworm in groups at night?
How does Global Warming affect sprinters like Hussain Bolt?
Violin or electric guitar?
How come so few fruits make it to the market?
What kind of flower is this? [picture]?
Why environment degradation NOT cause economic conflict?
Who were the major participants in the Environmental Protection Agency of 1970?
Where their dolphin sightings?
Is it true that a burst of energy means your about to have your baby?
Compare and contrast the AC generator and the DC electric motor?
I just had a rebuild done on my Yamaha 150 VMAX. Can I add extra oil to gas for break in?
Of what was I unaware when I asked this one?
Why would anyone be concered about a little ice age?
The Green Movement. More about money or the environment?
Where can you find Wild Boars and Beavers in the Forest of Dean?
What will happen to the glycogen in the liver if the body needs more energy?
What food gives you a lot of energy?
How to boost your Energy?
What's your opinion on global warming?
Where can I get the most money for recycling my cell phones?
Can bio coal replace coal in boiler using industries?
What type of berry/tree is this?
Can bio coal replace coal ?
How can I make it feel like fall in Florida?
First concert and meet and greet?
Question about mail service?
How can i regain energy in my arms?
Groups in a zombie Apocalypse? And also the 'jobs' in a zombie apocalypse?
Does Oklahoma have a bottle buy back program?
what are solar power plant?
Is El Nino or La Nina or ENSO normal weather?
Do any other planet like Earth exist in the Milky Way Galaxy?
Why can't we feel that the Earth is moving?
Is it illegal to kill an ant?
what effect does radiation have on the environment?
Your thoughts: What caused these baboons to act so strangely?
Why does paint require a recycling fee upon purchase?
methods of refuse disposal?
Climate control air conditioning vs conventional air conditioning?
Good ideas to grow a strong healthy marijuana plant.?
Turning a desert into a rain forest.?
recycling do they still collect silver foil to raise money to train guide dogs for the blind?
How can electric cars be green when plugged into a coal or oil fired plant?
What is a cofferdam? And the effects they have on the Environment?
What is the future of solar energy, and would you recommend home solar power?
What plant could this be?
There's a cockroach under my bed? D:?
Clorox wipes accident?
Is a wildlife biologist what I dream it to be?
Why does everyone prefer summer over winter?
swimming pool filteration?
swimming poo filteration?
What happens if you keep pooping green?
Whats the purpose of fans on top of the entrance at stores?
Why are bugs attracted to light?
which is more likely to bite you, a Red Flour Beetle or a Confused Flour Beetle?
how to not get people sit on my bed?
what, besides CO2, contributes to the problem?
Do you think we will have another ice age in the next 1 million years?
Can a person be a fairy?
Is it ok to recycle used condoms?
Should I move to a villa in spain that is near pylons ?
How solar energy is more expensive?
neighbors throw can at my yard?
UK vs usa which ones better and reasons?
will the world ever run out of food?
Help im only getting brown ember from my handdrill fire?
I feel guilty..such a hypocrite I am help?
does anyone know how to measure if solar power is more efficient than battery power?
Working at a cafe vs. hosting at a restaurant?
What to eat before a game that will give me energy during the game?
What have I just witnessed?
What is the voltage required for an electric train in india. After going changes in the engine?
Where can I take E-Waste around Soquel, CA?
Biglang tumaas ang electric bill upto 6k+. How to resolve?
do i recycle or throw away my old flats?
What is the name for entropy which is not considered by law to be pollution? Green entropy?
What is the price of solar panel.?
Water bath canning - how long will food remain edible if preserved using this procedure?
how did people store fruits and vegetables before refrigeration?
Why are record temperatures in the past worst than current records?
all 4 seasons with a mild winter?
I still Have a Dummy At The Age Of 22?
which is the next doomsday prediction?
How the information is disseminated by indian meteorological department during disasters at different levels?
Why do people think NYC is the whole state of New York?
Why do conspiracy theorists still persist with the claim that climate change is a hoax?
Can I take jars from bins ?
Explain the process to get an energy performance certificate with example?
How to go out tagging without getting caught?
Has this ever happened to anyone here who has submitted something for publication?
garbage problem in my new house?
How big of a solar system would i need for ? See below?
Endemic Species Found In Yellowstone National Park?
Do i have Cockroaches?
I found a strange bug this morning. What is it?
Characteristics that would help any nonnative species become invasive regardless of its place in food chain?
How Do I Answer These Questions?
A climate skeptic claimed that sea level rise is due to the sea floor rising, is he correct?
climate change is the science settled?
Where to buy Solar panels?
Is Global warming climate change or does it cause climate change?
Why are electric cars better for the environment?
I failed the walgreens skill assessment but I think it was of the part regarding giving change back?
I am so useless I cannot bear heat??:(?
is the Age of Global Warming over?
ROUGHNECK OR ROUSTABOUT OFFSHORE POSITIONS AVAILABLE?
Possible fruit fly infestation?
Why do women who wear short skirts have to endure the jealousy?
Battery powered source of energy?
How long does it take a bat to die?
What would you pay to stop global warming?
Which is Worse, Global Warming or No Energy?
Does animal control get rid of falcons?
what is methods for cleaning up outside?
What do you mean by off the grid connection in utilizing solar energy?
What store in davao city has lowest price for solar panels?
For what reasons should we leave nuclear power alone as a source of energy?
Do you think human survival is the priority, and all other animals should die because of human?
90 watt solar panel, (32) 42 watt cfl bulbs,?
Western music artists like Marty Robbins?
Are solar panels for energy promoted in the UK?
How do I turn Algae into Bio Diesel?
Which would you choose? A Grid Tie Solar System or a Off Grid system?
I am looking for a waterproof way to hike hawaii. I was searching Bivouac Tents and hammocks and pup tents?
I got a question about burninq trash?
Can we really prove human global warming?
If the deep ocean is cooling, how do you explain sea level rise?
A climate skeptic looked at this plot and said there was evidence of cooling, do you agree?
What should i do when a car pulls up on me?
Is climate change a field that is not mature enough for review?
how do plate tectonics influence climate and global biodiversity?
Help,questions on solar energy?
Can you think of examples where some is good, but too much is bad?
what solar panel do i need for this heater?
I choose @co.uk versus .com how can I change?
Why isn't the answer to global warming just engineering a bunch of bacteria into fixing carbon dioxide?
Why do we need to conserve our bogs?
health impacts on large dams???
Why do people cling to bad evidence of global warming?
Which is more energy efficient Central AC or locational AC?
Can these places be built on or are they protected?
Do animals instinctively know their habitat?
essay on clean mumbai green mumbai?
The Sun is going to flip poles. What is the cause? And how much is this going to cost us?
When is season 4 of my little pony coming out?
What is quantum energy ?
My friend received a phone in the mail?
What do Americans think about Minnesota?
hi everybody..my question is about solar system?
What are the main components of a solar panel?
How to recycle paper?
Who do I complain to (Noise Problem)?
Car or horse, energy effieciency?
what can affect our water quality?
How can you maximize energy in a solar panel?
If you can create energy?
Is this a crazy way to handle all the trash instead of leaving it to rot in landfills?
How Racist is University of East Tennessee and surrounding areas?
how much does new zealand recycle?
Would this be a valid question?
Do RushLimbaughs global warming calculations follow the scientific method?
Why it is necessary to use an electric fuel injection system with a 3-way catalytic coverter?
climate change, how impartial are science journals and institutes?
how many watt solar panel is needed for an electric cooler and an electric heater?
Where can I find frogs?
why are whales in danger of extinction but not chickens?
Ruud electric problems?
Is Arctic sea ice growing or disappearing at an unprecedented pace?
Is it werid that the rain motivates me?
How old is Skydoesminecraft?
Wildlife Conservation and Ecology major?
Global warming is it bad?
Is there any other species that can kill an electric eel?
If the deep ocean isn't warming, and the surface ocean is cooling, how do you explain sea level rise?
What can we expect to see if this happens?
how do i program my thermostat to NOT do the energy saving every hour?
Resting energy expenditure is?
amazing beach of the Amazon rainforest?
Can snake climb on smooth walls and wood.Who knows about those kind of snakes?
Did global warming scientists use a graph upside down to make their case?
Do some people envy those who look young for their age?
Whats going on im confused?
Does global warming exsit or is it a scam by politicians to get our taxes?
Can an alternator be used to charge up electric cars?
Is it okay to take an edible with rockstar energy?
Why do demonic entities haunt us?
Can i recycle a broken handbag?
Do GW Alarmist have the need to decieve?
Bumblebee won't fly away? Should I kill it?
what do mouse help please!?
Why do some of you deny any human involvement in climate change?
Would we make good money collecting beer cans and aluminum trays at tailgaters leave at football games?
Do buzzards mate with hawks?
why is having a record of ancient and recent levels in CO2 important in the study of climate?
What is 8th grade like?
Can anyone suggest a good potable solar charger?
Plants that can get you high?
If you believe that the world is still warming, are you in denial?
What's the most horrifying anti nature thing you've seen?
What is the difference between a water mocassin and a cottonmouth?
More global warming in my area?
Do i cut ends off extension cords before scrapping?
can we use dc shunt motor for electric car?
Does global warming mean no more fair colored people?
A question for the wind turbine engineering spooks out there?
Icehouse and greenhouse climate conditions?
How does water change state?
GAS OIL LEASES belmont counyh ohio?
I found a interesting piece of rock in cyprus?
Recycling old electronics in Northwest Pennsylvania?
Does anyone at all check green recycling bins?
effects of the oil embargo1973 on the us?
Solar pannels of which size will be the most suitable for my house?
Is this ok or should I not be happy with it?
Solar pannels of which size will be the most suitable for my house?
Is this ok or should I not be happy with it?
which gases are thought to contribute to the greenhouse effect?
solution for global warming?
why permanent magnet synchronous motor for electric vehicle?
Why is global warming often referred to as the greenhouse effect?
Does AXE body *spray* contain aluminium?
Is hempcrete hurricane safe?
Are hydrogen fuel cells a viable alternative source of energy?
Why does global warming = extreme weather events?
Green Bug that makes a loud noise?
WHAT IS THIS BUG THAT I HAVE KILLED?!?
Im going to sixth grade and i dont know what to do?
Is global warming being approached as a science?
Tell me how u feel no thing else to it?
Land fill questions and recycling ?
How many people are killed by birds a year?
Why am i so embarrassed by this?
Where has all the Wildlife gone?
What do you think this means?
how bad is the Cinnamon challenge?
Is Coleman fuel harmful?
Avoiding the argument of whether climate change is real?
What's the main difference between a forest and a jungle?
Arctic ice melt 2013?
Examples of energy tranformation?
A question for the wind turbine engineering spooks out there>?
Why can't we just send the rubbish and garbage into space?
I've practically had a energy drink once a day every week not weekend since January?
Hello, does anybody know the history of the Islander slippers?
What do you think of the American Meteorological report?
Is this great amount if energy healthy?
I'm so scared of ocean!?
how could global warming cause an apocalypse?
Does Yahoo! mail block email from avaaz@avaaz.org?
When will there be no more gasoline?
Have you ever actually seen a realist claim any of these?
Is there really evidence that the arctic sea-ice winter coverage is increasing?
Does transparent honey exist?
Where can i recycle colored paper?
How are you coping with the hot weather in the UK?
How much does the El Nino/La Nina cycle affect the average global temperature ... ?
Why is a climate scientist from 1938 smarter than all the chicken Little's today?
Why won't we use hemp instead of wood to make paper?
What is global warming?
How to get bike chain oil out of pants?
Help. bees nest in my garage!?
An confused and weirded out?
I'm so afraid of the dark! Help?
Best Quality Natural Stones .?
What is this bug and how do you get rid of it?
What's the truth about fracking?
How much does packaging cost for plastic bags?
Ants pissing me and my guinea pig off?
i think i have got a wasps nest?
How can I get over my fear of wasps?
chloroplasts are the organelles in plant cells that provide energy to the cell. whats the explanation?
Green bin still has food in it and it stinks!!?
Where can I \turn in\ a fire extinguisher in the state of OH?
Are GMO products only available in the United States? or is it global?
Why are used cars so cheap in detroit?
recycle furniture in Whitstable/Canterbury area?
difference between rapid sand filter and slow sand filter?
Why were our predecessors so stupid?
What do you do if you hate your life?
info on dryland ecosystem?
Reasons why land is barren?
How to purify water, what to use?
Energy/Qi/Meridians help!? Left side of neck?
How come so few fruits make it to the market?
I really need help, does anyone know the answer?
How do u get sex toys? And who do u finger ur self!?
wind power produce ac energy?
What is an animal that we need that is endangered?
What are your thoughts on how we could optimize productivity out of global warming?
Should I do it again?
If cars were not invented?
Careers in environmentalism?
How to survive in the woods in Oklahoma, USA?
What can I do as an engineering student to slow down climate change?
If a house is built on a beach that commonly is swallowed by king tides, what precautions would be taken?
How would this work in my favor?
Converting electric rc to nitro!!?
Remote controlled buggy !!Converting a electric to nitro rc ?
What do you think of the latest AGU official statement on climate change?
Is global warming real? I just watched the inconvenient truth.?
Plastics without recycle symbol. Recycle or not?
There's a mosquito somewhere in my house what can I do to get rid of it?
global warming and sea level rise?
Who has used DMT? i want to hear your experience?
Will the world end billions of years from now?
What's the cause of the ozone layer depletion?
If the recent pause is natural variation...?
How does one dispose or recycle a tattered baseball hat?
Do you think this was acid?
Can a big country like Russia get rid of fossil fuel & nuclear energy to a cleaner energy... Is it realistic?
What new job opportunities will global warming create?
What type of succulent is this?
my dad thinks if he goes out without me, a fire will occur, what are the chances of this happening?
Burning trees and ash covering everything!?
Serious need bug help please!?
A climate skeptic saw this plot and made this statement, do you agree?
Help! Something happening to me!?
What percentage of world energy needs does solar produce?
Fully solar-powered pc project?
My mangoes are mostly green maybe a couple that have the reddish yellow tint. Do I wait for the green ones to?
Cleaning wild blackberries?
Why is summer so short in new york?
I keep seeing a tall man outside my window at havent been able to sleep?
What are some suggestions to stop energy shortage?
Should householders be financially responsible damage to the environment caused by the delivery lorries?
What are 5 conservation categories of wildlife?
I am a huge arachnophobe but for some reason i am ok with this spider?
Is AGW political or science related?
Why do us humans save endangered animal species'?
How do i rid my room of these stupid spiderrs?
I found a baby opposum i dont know what to do?
Can I build a small incinerate in my garden?
what fish to spearfish?
How can i get energy to workout and stop being lazy ?
July UAH temperatures are showing?
I'm thinking of not drinking from plastic water bottles all the time.?
Can you name just one species of animal that has become extinct through global warming?
Have you heard of the Concrete Canvas Shelters?
What are some good words for ocean?
Ca you drink air conditioning water after treating it with Ozone?
Im home alone, But really nervous.........?
How can this gas lose heat?
3 unit No Electric Meter High Electricity Bill?
I'm a little nervous for soccer practice?
whats the propper way to dispose of building material and furniture contaminated by fuel oil?
Why is taking care of the environment important?
What if skeptics learned science?
I like staying home a lot?
I am very sensitive to caffeine n causes me to shake.. Will b12 make make shake more since it gives you energy?
Can someone help me identify this shroom?
Will global warming eventually put most of the earth under water?
Working with elephants?
What type of moter use in new electric vehicle?
Recycling for Money in 32940?
How to get rid of a cockroach infestation?
Okay so im furious right now...what should i do?? HELP!!?
Are summer times at the North pole cooling?
How much heat would be \used up\ melting all the ice in the world?
What are the waste disposal methods in a Water Refilling Station?
Can i recycle a broken handbag?
How can I draw a picture that explains global warming?
Major forest product in india? fuelwood or timber.?
Changes in the radiative profile of the Earth?
Is Venus in radiative equilibrium?
Are polar bears critically endangered or just endangered?
future aspects of fossil fuel?
If the governments were really concerned about AGW, what changes would they make to themselves?
how does medical science improves the environment?
Is anyone on this site aware of just how many maladies AGW is blamed for?
Why does the earth cool traditionally cool down at night? The Sun related or CO2 related?
How to Find Gmail Passwords?
what changes do not benefit the environment?
climate plays an important role in soil formation process'.support this statement by giving two examples.?
what size of circuit breaker require for 155AH dry gel Battery?
My solar panels have?
Can baby squirrels survive without their mother?
To achieve 24V400AH battery capacity in PV solar system what size batteries combined for best performance?
Where in Colorado can I volunteer part-time to help save wildlife?
what is the causes of air pollution?
can i use the charging regulator in car to regulate battery charging for my solar panels?
£1 in electric nothing on key will it last till following day?
Why do ppl think Carbon Dioxide isn't a Greenhouse Gas? It's the top GHG emitted on Earth by humans.?
What's the longest time you spent in your house without going outside?
There was a purple light..?
Do all atheists believe in global warming?
What is the definition of the term Tradable Permits?? ASAP?
what companies purchase the scrap collected by recycling companies?
Where are gators in Florida ?
Where can I find the cost of production for pure fuels?
global warming are ice sheets melting?
How much is 100 acers worth?
Where can I figure out my eco-footprint?
At times I think there's no hope for us because we keep increasing carbon emissions. Do you worry too?
I'm scared of the dark..?
Why do all the top AGW people/scientist's?
What should you do if caught in a thunderstorm?
Which phone is better for the environment?
Can solar panels work efficently when installed on the north side of roof?
Is it a realistic goal to switch 7 billion people all to a plant based diet?
If you're in a falling elevator, why're you supposed to lay flat on your back?
Electrical shock how to treat it?
Global warming why the debate?
please tell me step by step?
I need to find a building.?
We're can I find bloodworms without buying any?
How to keep these species?
Charger using solar power from window?
Alternatives to Timber?
i want to help save the endangered animals what would my career be called?
What is the best day next week to watch the sunrise in Oxford (UK)?
how solid is the hypothesis that megaladon went extinct due to temp change in the oceans?
Is climate change currently occurring at 10 times the rate not seen in 65 million years?
What is more environmentally friendly?
why global warming happens?
environment team name?
Ways to improve my investigation?
Urban heat island effect, how is it calculated and taken into account in temperature recording?
Even if global warming is really a threat, why stop it?
are elephants endangered?
My place doesn't have a gas line hook up. I would have 2 pay 2 get 1 in. Would Electric be better?
i keep on being BULLIED?
Is there a way to waterproof a primitive shelter without leaves?
How to raise an Imperial Moth from egg to moth?
What kind of bug is this?
Am i the only one? ( Answer please )?
What can be done to stop privatization of water?
What's weed for ?
Why am I so shy when around/talking to others?
What materials are in Lithium ion hybrid car batteries?
Is thermal Expansion in the ocean possible without Thermal Equilibrium?
Which superhero phone case should I get?
thesis for solar energy?
what are great paying jobs in Anchorage alaska?
What do computer models tell us that the laws of physics don't?
Who thinks global warming/climate change is a myth and why?
How can you fill a marsh?
Living off the grid/off the land?
Been having ALOT of bad luck!?
why dont we get hydrogen fuel that could be vaccuumed from jupiter?
Could a 16 year old have a flat if....?
will solar cars replace petroleum car?
Does CO2 strengthen the mid troposphere inversion layer ?
How quickly will a Solar Panel charge a 13000mAh Lithium-Ion battery?
Does anyone notice, that time is speeding up?
Buzzing noise in the summer?
what causes it to rain?
Who would I want to inform of the dangers of air pollution?
Do I need a drunk and awareness sheet ?
Is Arctic sea ice going up or down now?
What would the ocean look like at boiling point?
How much are you willing to pay for an energy drink?
Just killed a Brazilian wandering spider in my home!?
Do you believe there are any climate scientists under political pressure?
Can boys live on atlanta Job Corp campus?
Is Arctic sea ice going up or down now?
I have just seen a bug box in a shop, the top section had bamboo in it and the bottom section had pine cones.?
How can I help change the world?
consider the following unblanced equation: C2H5OH(g) + O2(g) --> CO2(g) + H2O(l)?
If you see an endangered animal eating an endangered plant... What do you do?
What does this quote mean?
I live in Palmers Green And i want to do Paper Round but i cant find none in my area.?
Can you buy pure gas (no ethanol) in North Dakota?
I Need to go out tonight.... where should i go? (10 POINTS!)?
what is the scope for biodegradable plastic bags?
I Need to go out tonight.... where should i go? (10 POINTS!)?
what is the scope for biodegradable plastic bags?
Is Spain actually taxing the Sun?
What is so bad about garbage?
Is the electric cigarette safe?
consumerism affects environment?
How long does it take for a spiders nest to hatch?
Types of Hornets where I live?
flamethrower-how to build one?
What would the world be like without humans?
how to suntan with baby oil only?
i want to genrate elctricity using hydrogen from pem fuel cell where do i get the electrodes nd d electrolyte?
Is there any possible way the United States can help the ozone layer?
Is the ozone layer getting any better since the electric car and Eco friendly fuel?
How can I be more eco friendly?
What's free energy?
Why do Americans think global warming is science fiction?
What do you do when you see an endangered animal that is eating an endangered plant?
Anyone at all can help?
Catchy theme names for energy conservation?
Why is the earth cooling?
Did the introduction of the Prius cause gas sales to decrease more than it's usual increasing pace?
Global warming, fact or fiction?
Should Weed be legalized?
I have a friend that bought a car but her gas and electric is shut off. I approached her about the situation?
Do Stanford university climate scientists?
are there awards for inspirational teenagers?
Are climate change blogs?
Is my husband still talking and seeing sandy harmon?
Is it better to smoke mullein leaf or seeds?
Has the IPCC got CO2 wrong?
printable solar mirrors?
Has trust in climate science diminished?
Have tempertures in the MIddle East been higher than usual?
Utilizing at least two scholarly sources, discuss at least two environmental problems caused by such extensive?
PLEASE HELP, i have molds in and out my shoes??!? what should i do?
how to get rid of a tree in a conservation area?
Can freshwater sharks be found in lakes?
If a product doesn't have a recycling symbol, does that mean it's not recyclable?
Could you use the equator to produce energy?
could i beat a wolf in a head on fight?
Is the tomos streetmate R a good moped?
Help?! I'm really scared):?
What is the difference between oil, gas, and petroleum?
What would the Earth be like if we matched other planets on CO2?
What is difference between Tidal energy and Wave energy?
how do i convince people to help save the environment?
Is a Beech Tree a softwood or a hardwood?
Is media coverage of Arctic and Antarctic sea ice balanced?
Am i supposed to strum all opens strings on a chord or can i strum one on electric guitar?
can we install solar panels for domestic use in india?
What would happen if the waters in the tropics cooled to 5C?
Where to bye hydrogen for additive to gasoline?
The bird cages in the zoo are too small. What should I do?
Would you pay this much for a Energy drink?
How do we know when climate change is occurring?
What are some reasonable ways to improve nuclear energy?
When people talk about carbon emissions are they talking about carbon dioxide emissions?
Why should I give a damn about carbon emission, IF...?
Help!! THESIS STATEMENT ABOUT GLOBAL WARMING...?
what are the lists of conifer plants?
Spain is taxing the Sun, is this only the beginning?
how is the ozone layer being destroyed ?
what leads to blackout [e.g.power failure]?
Where can I get large cardboard recycle bins cheap? (Under $20)?
Where is a good place to smoke when at your house?
What is the black energy ?
The relationship between Gaia Hypothesis and Global Warming?
What's the best thing we can do to protect the environment?
How can I make my apartment maintenance manager get rid of skunks safely?
How to not care what other people think...?
What is appropriate size of DC circuit Breaker for Solar Array having 4 PVs of 235W each connected in series ?
i got accepted in the california conservation corps when do they drug test you ?
How much do you think my electric bill will be?
HELP ! IS IT THE SAME THING ?
environmental impact on biodiesel?
In 1975,i had a solar-power calculator watch. WHERE the F&^K is my solar power cell phone!!!Morons!?
What and Where are some good places to sign up and do comunity service hours. For a 12 year old!?
Are Sigg Bottles ok now?
What kind of bug is this?
Is there a germ vault?
PLEAS HELP!!!!!!!!!!?
Ottawa city places plastic or rubber squares on road.?
Why are temperatures falling while CO2 levels are rising ?
What can I use as an alternative to electricity?
How did a frog get into my downstairs bathroom?
whydo we use asphalt to make our roads?
Why is using a climate model referred to as an experiment?
Does any body know if wood termites sting?
Why do parks have closing times?
What can I use as an alternative to gasoline?
What can I use as an alternative to gasoline?
What is the difference between short term and long term exposure of a specific pollutant (eg: NO2)?
What can I design that is a mechanism or system that can go green and will not use fossil fuel?
What type of Catepillar is this?
What is the most efficient kind of solar cell?
What is the most efficient kind of solar cell?
Is the process \Biodiesel Production\ sustainable?
I hate the summer and miss Winter?
what are the effects of water pollution?
how does natural vegetation affect climate?
Why guys less than 18 should not watch porn what is the reason ?
innovative topics for ppt?
Whats a irregation system?
What is Landscape degradation?
A satirical solution to global warming?
advantages over nuclear energy (debate)?
What is the main reason why recycling is important?
what day is recycling picked up in michigancity indiana?
impact of global warming on pakistan?
Will we eventually develop tech to counter Global Warming?
Can solar power sustain worlds power needs?
Can the steel in train track be used to make a spark?
Are these good places for dumpster diving, also give me a brief desc of what they might have?
hydro electric generatio is renewable or not?
Brownfield site to Greenfield site?
Where can I find ragwort?
What do you think of pollution that affects endangered species?
Mustang Shelby 2013/2013 VS. Subaru Sti 2012/2013?
Working model on energy resources and conservation?
heavy rains in farms?
Arctic ice increases when UK becomes hot. Why?
how much will my electric bill go up if I charge my smart car at home every night?
fun site like tumblr? 9gag? memecenter? trolino?
Can I convert a gas to hydrogen car engine?
Does anybody know when the next end of the world is coming?
Do I have to pay off I change my globe plan?
Chemtrails, climate control how long have it been happening?
How can Antarctic ice mass be decreasing?
How can I stay awake?
Did you know that by pumping groundwater?
How do I become a wildlife care taker and or do wildlife management and conservation in Australia?
Is Earths atmosphere getting thicker?
Perverts always saying hi to me!?
Is there such thing as free energy?
Global precipice? Yes or no?
how could we prevent the extinction of hochstetters frogs?
is it a shame to collect cans?
Solid rock vs Diamond?
Question about the climate of Northeast Tennessee?
Regarding drowning of islands due to global warming?
Glacier question related to climate change- Are glaciers not supposed to melt?
Whats the weather/climate usually like in Southern California ?
Northern bobwhite quail a protected species?
Do you think it's true?
Which of those two has the more dangerous and big nuclear fallout?
Joe Bastardi: Evidence That Demands a Verdict — Dismantling the EPA’s extremist views regarding CO2?
Should Pandas be left to face Extinction?
Need help for speech/oral about 'global warming' ?
what are bears afraid of?
Need help for speech/oral about 'global warming' ?
what are bears afraid of?
Comma butterfly supposed to be dying?
Questions about oil rigs?
Running a background Check!!?
Solar Panel questions need answered help me?
what can i use as a electricity alternative?
how much money can i get from recycling bicycle rims?
Global Warming school of thoughts?
Which level on the energy pyramid has the third most energy?
Are solar sails reliable?
Incandescent light bulbs spend much energy on heating room. What is bad about it in northern countries?
what can we do to save lions?
I power 3 1000w lights with a 1/2 hp electric motor?
the fridge in my 5th wheel was working on propane but quit, if i switch to the electric will i still have th?
What do and don't we know about climate, realists?
Two point charges 1.7cm apart have an electric potential energy -160?J . The total charge is 25nC?
Im having a problem with wasps or hornets, not sure which.?
A short playlist for a warming planet?
I want to become a botanist?
\You can't HANDLE the truth,\ marine Col. Jack Nicholson bellowed in a recent movie. Can we?
What is being done about saving Arctic permafrost ? Are we screwed ?
What is a Good, Trustworthy and Cheap Electric Company?
whats the different between the smoke and the dust?
I own Patents on a working self-Perpetuating \Green\ Electric Generator.What's The apprehension?
How to make sure you put the right fuel into scooter?
Am I clueless or misinformed or what?
How I make a Science exhibition model on Energy & Environment?
How do you stop a zombie from eating you?
If a girl says no to sex, what makes guys think she'll say yes if he keeps on asking?
Is it safe to eat pacific ocean Fish?
Estimate the emissions of CO2 per year?
Boyfriend doesn't approve of Weed?
Is 5-hour energy really bad?
What do you about nisssn grand livina. it is fuel save?
I cant remember this old tv show i used to watch, but its a older white, bigger lady that talks to the dead.?
Are there any magic mushrooms in east london south africa?
What countries have this climate?
Why do people believe CO2 is the main drive for warming?
Can a wildfire occur in the same exact place again?
NASA's video of projected temperatures by 2100?
is it just me or is the melting of the polar ice caps gonna sink americas seaboard faster than what we thought?
where to find good electric car?
What Is This Air People Speak Of.?
environmental issues?
What are you prepared to do for your safety?
What are your thoughts on using nuclear power in lieu of fossil fuels (replacing fossil fuels).?
Ac electric motor help?
Hello i have a 6 volt 3.2Ah Batt im trying to charge with my solar panel?
how to get rid of gnats in my room?
We heard footsteps upstairs and the toilet flushed but no one in the house?
Vitamins to take for mood and energy?
Ok sooo i took a drug test friday july 26?
Ethonal as a sort of fun fule?
Is global warming a lie? Look at my details please.?
What is current sea level rise rate and future sea level projection for 2100?
Global Warming Alarmist.James E. Hansen: Will Earth's Ocean Boil Away?
Cooking Climate Consensus Data: “97% of Scientists Affirm AGW\ Debunked?
What would happen if oil ran out?
What would happen if oil ran out?
I have a beetle in my room, do they crawl all over you while your sleeping?
Electric cooker lamp not working?
If you hit a beetle with a fly swatter, will the beetle die?
Do u pick green bits off bread?
I heard noises when I got out of the shower?
Does geoengineering damage the planet?
which is worst - living in a humid climate or a desert climate?
Can you be raped and not feel it?
if corn is grown in so much abundance why does it need to be genetically modified?
Poll: What is your favourite day of the week ?
What is the best way to assess the effectiveness of a conservation based NGO, and how would you measure it?
Is it true that one day gas, water, and electricity is going to run out?
I want to solar plant set of 1MW solar plant in rajkot at gujarat.. what can i do.. and i want to sell this en?
In a semiconductor from where did the eletrone gets energy to jump to conduction band at room temperature?
Who would win in a fight a bat or a dolphin?
Other sources of energy that will not finish soon?
How can I give off a good vibe everywhere I go?
What emissions do VOCs give off?
Getting a Display Energy Certificate?
Isn't it incredible that despite talk of going paperless, millions of phonebooks get printed each year?
What do you think of those who find their delight in plucking flowers?
why do solar panels have to be at an angle?
HELP! Where can i get this windchime?
Are these natural causes of climate change?
would it be possible to make a normal sized engine that is part gas part diesel and part electric?
I was watching tv and saw a flash in my open window i check nothing there and i know it wasnt the tv what is?
Why does the CIA invest so much money into chemtrails?
catchy caption for mother earth in 2020?
what does the dct in dct tank stand for ?
Any ideas on how to poisen sparrowhawks?
Time conversion question ?
Dying trees in poconos and stroudsburg pa?
Are there demand for waste paper ?
Activity of DISSECTING A TYPHOON?
Whats wrong with our Earth?
Should we ban dihydrogenmonoxide since it is polluting our lakes and streams?
Boys at my school are perverted?
ideas needed, please?
What would happen if we ran out of oil?
What was the movie about a girl who grows up into a climate changing world?
What would happen if we ran out of oil?
What was the movie about a girl who grows up into a climate changing world?
What are some things I as a citizen can do about the problems of the food industry?
Do glow in the dark products last 'forever'?
What do you think this kind of smell is?
i want to runaway?????????????????????????????????????
Omg HELP I DON'T KNOW WHAT TO DO! Please!?
There is this unknown creature in my backyard and it is stealing my grandma's veggies that she has grown.?
What I wonder about humans?
Health Risks of Living Next to a Gas Station/Busy Road?
What is the prettiest time of the night?
Why should we give animals our help?
Waste and rubbish advice?! Getting a maggot problem?!?
Is tabacco tea a good incestecide?
why are orangutans endangered?
what is it like for an orangutan in a wildlife preserve or a zoo?
is homemade soap considered biodegradable?
I found an egg on the beach and we need to know what kind of egg it is.?
What does it mean when a tree branch falls in front of you?
Are summertimes at the North Pole cooling?
What does it mean when a tree branch falls in front of you?
What type of power source is the way foreward?
Is it possible to get other people's energy?
what is green house effect?
Would you see this idea as a contribution to Global Warming?
I keep getting static electric shocks?
My weed got wet! Still bueno or no bueno?
Which of these seems like the most sane response to the unknown, GW?
What wildlife jobs our out there that I can do?
what size electric motor do i need?
COYOTE Problem in Neighborhood (RI)!!! PLEASE Read!!!?
Do tree cutters plant more seeds after they cut them down?
I hit a gator with my car, do I get to keep the gator?
How much money will I get for recycling aluminum cans?
Do you support Bolonga fc?
Can I make money in the alternative energy area?
Is nuclear power a good source of alternative energy for singapore?
How can I pay nothing to heat my home using passive solar?
What are some jobs that deal with helping the environment?
UNESCO World Heritage Sites Rules for Preservation and Conservation?
Is the ink or color on cereal boxes Toxic?
How much did it cost you to buy and install solar panels in Australia?
are electric energy produce by solar panel stable? how to store them up if it is unstable?
Are Bee's slowly recovering or getting worse.?
What kind of bud is this?
What is or are bushmeat(s)?
What does Australia use Wind Energy for?
Does speeding have effect on comsumption of diesel fuel?
How do you become a conservation biologist?
What are the types of wildlife found in indonesia ?
will temperatures drop in late august?
Screeching sound outside at night?
Quarrying can become a major environmental threat. give reasons?
Why are dolphins still being killed in Taijii?
Is there such an episode of naruto ?
Why is the sky blue looking up, but when you look to the horizon its more grayish than anything?
Brown recluse laid eggs in my room?
The Search For Shrooms?
climate change does all this controversy?
What is the differences between bio alcohol and bio ethanol?
Why is the global warming section on here unpopular?
SOS! Does anyone know any building in hot humid climate (around 27° N or S) that use radiant cooling system?
Will they ever outlaw advertisements left on front doors & porches?
What would this cost? Install panels for solar power generation for 6,200 square feet home in NJ?
How is climate change contributing to the increase in natural disasters in haiti?
Going off-grid. What would I need?
What happens when fossil fuel runs out?
Space for batteries, with today's lithium ion specs, how many KWh could be packed into it?
what type of battery is in a leaf blower?
Recycle Vs Garbage Trucks?
How to save energy and money with SRP M-Power?
How do you know if you need a oil change?
Help,disappearing spider?
if global warming continues will it end like the day after tomorrow movie?
Why is cold in Chicago it's July?!?
What profit can be made by simply being able to survive in an extreme environment under extreme conditions?
Are there electric charged scooters you can ride on the sidewalk?
Which of these ice measurements is a better indicator of temperatures?
the movie The Day After Tomorrow, will it come true? NYC will be underwater?
Will UK be underwater in 2050 due to climate change and global warming?
how to make a fire without matches?
Is a $262 energy bill for 1 month high in the summer?
Now there's more ice at South Pole than ever (So much for global warming thawing Antarctica!)?
Why is WATER a NATURAL resource of Earth SOLD? Who got permission to buy and SELL something that's free?!?
Where can I buy the dew bank bottle?
what r d resons for the increase in CO_2 in the atmosphere?
Is the dairy industry in Australia cruel?
How to build solar system uses the sun to create free electricity?
what is the uses of forests and how do we conserve it?
It's 53 degrees this A.M. in Minneapolis, is this another sign of Global Warming?
who is building the solar plant in casa grande?
Is this where ridiculous AGW policies have brought us? Making a bad situation worse?
Question regarding Biomass pellet?
what are the three examples of erosion?
if i put saffron in with my weed will it make it stronger?
Is it weird? Is it less packed?
I'm super afraid of the dark....?
How come you can't build a fuel cell power plant right next to a water desalination plant?
I seen to what I think is a baby hobo spider I want to know is there one is there more?
know any good place to have a bonfire in oahu ?
Evil Neighbor lawsuit need help!!?
Global warming, the polar ice caps.. doom? Is this true?
Most eco friendly cars and trucks?
Putting glass jars down recycle chute?
What is your opinion on this?
Imagine that the city in which you live is predicting a shortage of water by the year 2050.?
How do skeptics respond to new evidence?
In the north east usa spring does it usually get warm before the leaves start to grow?
Given a choice which do advocate dams or no dams and why?
What made people start recycling waste?
Who do I call when there are dead animals in the lake?
remote controll flicking lights?
Are electric scooters faster without a seat?
With the man made global warming hoax being exposed as just a money grab-what will the alarmists turn to next?
I have a idea for electric through it we can solve this problem from this world but i have some condition then?
best month and season and why? 10pnts?
change messengerpassword?
Ever heard of Thompson Global-please look?
WHOLE FOODS MARKET SURVEY?
Why don't shopping centres use that air barrier they had years ago?
Human greed has lead to da outbreak of nature's fury causing a devastating effect?
What is global warming?
With a cap and trade system, a polluter with CO2 emissions in excess of the cap would need to?
nature hs a devastating effect to humans greed?i need ans FOR da tpoic?
graze invitation code for us?
CASIO FX-260 SOLAR? I NEED HELP SO BADLY!?
Questions about the beach?
What kind of spider is this?
Am I using too much electricity?
Medical and edible plants of wisconsin?
I found psychedelic shrooms?
Could I use hydrogen in a CNG engine?
Where is the best place to relax and be alone in San Diego?
Interview questions for Environmental Analyst position?
Could we grow trees on abandoned oil platforms?
How do Earth tubes reduce energy use?
When the crow stays on electric wire they dn't get shock.why?
when does mostly sun sets and rises in Dubai...?
When do you consider seasons start/end?
Will auto insurance cover an accident involving alcohol. No other vehicles involved just persons car totaled?
that climate there in northern Italy in the winter?
how to make a model on global warming?
Flashs at night any idea on what it is?
what caused air pollution within communities within SA?
Why do humans build cars if they know it can cause global warming or acid rain?
Is it possible to start a petition to put a ban on bottled water and plastic grocery bags?
What is Energy in the atom of O shell?
When will be the next ice age? Will global warming help to avoid it?
Help with heat troubles?
Help needed!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!?
Questiong regarding Air Purifiers?
Why do we say that flow of solar energy is a one way traffic.?
How common are Black Widows in South California?
Was the Medieval Warm Period invented by Viking Climatologists to frighten people?
What kind of worm/caterpillar is this?!?
Can i mix Vegetable oil with fuel?
What kind of bugs live in southern California?
Is this polluted water?
How long does it take to detassel with a small crew?
Abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz?
Is there a way to protect yourself from getting mugged?
I just bought Alpena leds that change colors.?
Is the world getting worse or am I imagining things?
Solve energy crisis with human power?
If you're good with cars please help!?
***Best way to reduce air pollution?***?
What are Energy Saving LED Lights?
Which shoes are better?
Are there pills for energy?
How do you become a wildlife biologist?
Am I wrong for sticking up for my gf?
Is \Climate Sensitivity\ the main issue that differentiates skeptics/deniers from alarmists?
is anyone tired of this heatwave? UK only?
What can i do at night to cool down?
I've been drinking lucozades for about 3 years now quite often?(lucozade energy)?
What do you think about Hey Dook's idea that Y/A is a cesspool of anti-science deceptions from deniers?
Will paper cease to exist?
What's a good brand of air purifier for a small room?
Does a electric start on a quad us a spark plug?
Positive feed-back loop of Global warming?
What are some simple things a person or family can do to positively impact the environment?
Burn hydrogen for electricity?
Does anyone follow Michael Mann on Twitter?
What do global warming deniers have to say about the small lake at the north pole?
Could Global Warming be causing increased cat attacks?
need idea about electric car?
what is the 7 uses of fuel?
Do bannanas give you energy?
air pollution.........................?
start stop technology cars?
Are we heading for another ice age?
What will Yahoo do upon realizing YA Global Warming is a cesspool of anti-science deceptions from deniers?
Why should we prefer renewable or inexahastible sorces of energy?
what are the characteristics of hot and dry climate?
Causes of climate change?
Why when simulations of the effect of doubling of CO2?
Is there anywhere in the usa that has a climate like england?
what do i need to separate hydrogen from water?
How is poaching endagering rhinos?
Solar Panels with Gas central heating?
How is poaching endagering rhinos?
Solar Panels with Gas central heating?
Who do I write a letter to for environmental issues?
what is the role of national parks in saving our planet ?
is there any reason winter is my favorite month?
i lit about 4 or 5 matches how long will the smell last?
In New Jersey when I change electric suppliers will I experience a disruption in services?
is daylight saving when it gets darker earlier?
What Career will allow me to travel, help endangered species directly, and earn a fair salary.?
What is the energy transformations of oil to electrical energy?
How can I strat my Air Pollution speech.?
What kind of bugs are found in nebraska? Are there a lot of cicadas there? Thanks!?
what kind of bugs are found in mississippi? Thanks!?
Can one still buy coleman fuel?
Will 'MILLIONS DIE' without a carbon tax?
pero, like, why????????????????
How do water plants get chemo out of the sewage?
Why won't this fly leave me alone!?
Is it possible to clean the Great Lakes?
When was the last Ice age?
Jobs that have to do with water management?
Environmental geology (and some common sense)?
how to prevent fish factory smell coming into my house?
Alaska Wolverine Hunting?
what if we stored solar and wind power in this way?
The warmists are happy to blame the pause on ocean phenomena?
Can anyone making bio diesel help me?
how come aliens are always more advanced than humans?
is there a logo on items you can recycle?
Liberals, are hyrdo power dams a form of green energy?Are coal plants green than solar power?
Identify an endangered species native to the United States?
What jobs are in conservation?
Can we use June as a benchmark on Global Warming?
How can we get manufacturers to pay for their waste/recycling? Like bottling and packaging.?
By how much are the Himalayas still \growing\ each year?
How are scientists trying to preserve biodiversity in the rainforest with all of the pressures to over use the?
Steps to calculate ionization energy for hydrogn atom?
Another name for energy?
dampak positif dan negatif dari global warming?
Why does a bull charge towards a red wavy cloth?
Is Alaska warming at twice the rate of the contiguous US?
important of preservation and conservation?
Is it possible and cheap to convert 319v dc to 24v dc?
State and explain law of conservation of linear momentum?
What are some of the major factors ruining the earth today? (please explain)?
Want to make a simple model on conservation of energy?
energy ombudsman complaint email id?
What is the average cost of energy use in an Australian household every year?
My summer sucks and it's almost over?
is there alternatives in making charcoals?
What effect on the environment will the following recent event have?
What do you do in your free (leisurely) time?
Is it mind blowing the technology were getting now (read additional details)?
White noise, vs uncontrollably freezing?
why does water moccisan make inpressions in mud?
Are there any rules or restrictions on plucking Bilvapatra like Tulsi ?
Extremely Small Bugs On My Electronics!?
A short introduction describing what is widely meant by \global warming.\?
I want to buy solar panels ,how long will the installation of solar panels take?d you like to ask?
do sea anemones have eyes, a nose, and a mouth?
Spring assisted stiletto Michigan knife laws?
what are some tips to get my electric and water bill down?
what connection is there between the carbon cycle and global warming?
why does switching to ebills as Going Green sound better than to Decreasing Jobs and Killing the Post Office?
physical characteristics of an electric ell?
How can i make a rock skip?
Question for a Biologist/ wildlife Biologist?
Any ideas on how to increase my energy and motivation.I would rather eat then sleep...?
Is global warming real?
What do i do when my sis wont let me on the couch?
How much does poconos cost?
Some guy asked about a drug stash on his bike?
I want to work with endangered animals?
What is the point of having electric cars if we still have to use fossil fuels to make the electricity?
There's a black guy in my tub!?
How long before black widow eggs hatch?
how many states have poisonous snakes?
What does a baby wasp look like?
is it possible to stop the climate change from being very hot?
Shoot red tailed hawk with an airsoft gun?
different between diesel and biodiesel?
What to do as a Teenager?
How close to lightening do you have to be to feel an affect?
should councils change the waste collection to weekly if so please sign and share?
Help with identification of moth?
When does it start getting cooler like 70 degrees.?
Has someone ever tried to brake into your house?
What would early evening be?
What's the latest on the Asian Brown Cloud?
Is it OK for me to roam my village naked?
What's a good word to describe global land surface temperatures lately?
I'm a young nudist, and i want to see other families. any help?
carbon neutral actions are being used to off set the emissions being released in the atmosphere. what does car?
What is avg energy consumption in a green home?
Is climate science education working?
How do you widen a beach?
Does anyone remember in the eighties when people were worried about global freezing?
Why am I always so hot?
What should I do when I don't understand what person's saying?
question about recycling?
can biofuels help in sustaining energy?
Essay on man made calamities v/s natural calamities?
How many hours should a 16 year old spend on the internet per week?
Why aren't OTC drugs that used to require a prescription disposed of like prescription drugs?
What are some examples of things that have a big effect at small concentrations?
How do you clean a soft shelled clam?
slogan about carbon footprint?
Why does the AGW story keep changing?
what about ecology of akasa beach?
Would the legalization of rhino horn trade decrease the number of rhinos being poached?
define global warming?
What happened to this bee?
write about the climate of desert ?
what are some of your local environmental issues?
cng station near rewa are satna?
Can someone help me with my goal setting?
Is it possible to change a cars tax band?
What r the steps to prevent disaster?
How do I find out where a storm will be? (storm chasing)?
whst is the difference between Zoologust and Wildlife Biologist?
How do you go storm chasing?
Electric break down in Ontario during summer of 2003?
Why Arctic ice is not a good indicator of climate change?
replace halon with alternative gas?
2. Which of the following is not a natural cause of climatic change? A. Human activity B. Earth's til?
What sorts of things have kinetic energy?
points on natural disaster of uttrakhand?
Can someone answer this?
Should I unplug every thing during a storm?
Will cardboard mold if spray painted?
Scary strange 'creature' noise at night...?
How come it only happens when I see fake plants/real ( Long ones ) Also trees fake/real?
Are koalas nearly extinct?
Is it OK to smoke weed when you're bipolar and on prescription medication (imipramine)?
Have scientists failed the world by not being able to communicate its perils?
Will it be less potent if i chop up 4 grams of marijuana and save it for like 3-4 days?
What would happen if you put a tornado in a bag of holding?
siberian wolf endangered?
I have these big black bugs and they come from the ground at night they infest my basement what are they.?
Please help!! So I can sleep!?
Their was a fire in a form of a circle in my backyard last night at midnight PLEASE HELP?
Is it more energy effecient to use my dishwasher in the evening?
Is anyone else experiencing this british summer weather ?
What is your opinion on Pollution in the United States?
How does climate change affect our government at the local, state, and national levels?
How much electricity will it take to raise 10g of H2O from 12-77C and how much energy would it require to hold?
How do i improve the range and speed of my electric trike that is homemade!?
Mosquito swarm? also possible itch remedies?
what is another word for energy of motion?
There's a Mosquito problem?
what is another word for energy of motion?
There's a Mosquito problem?
Why does an electric company need to take a soil sample?
I test drove my friends car with her in it & crashed. What will happen?
Hey guys so how do u stop negative thoughts?
When will the UK heatwave end?
Has anyone else been hit by the anti-AGW report monkeys?
What type of Spider is this?
HELP! There are a lot of black spiders in my house.?
why are the battery packs on electric cars so expensive?
Is this the best MSM climate reporting available?
When do seasons begin/end in vermont?
i want to know does air cooler make the room cool?
How to reduce my carbon footprint at 16?
how much weight can a wolf carry?
Where is Coon Cave in Westmorland County PA?
Discuss alternative energy sources, including the advantages and disadvantages?
Why Pandas are endangered?
The 'tidyman' symbol is free or trademark?
In the basement there are very tiny gray bugs that seem to hang around my garbage can and pets,What are they?
what are the causes of increasing global disasters?
How can I find an arrow I lost in the weeds?
what are the causes of increasing global disasters?
Has Obama bothered to apologize and correct his statement to the American people regarding the rate of?
Why should batteries be disposed of in a specific manner?
Orca questions.............?
Can someone tell me what this is?
What is global warming?
Why are there swear words?
I'm really afraid of severe thunderstorms?
natural factors and human factors?
Can i run a buggy on solar power?
Are you required to recycle in your community?
I keep hearing that with climate change?
i completed my B.E in eee .can i join indian forest service?
what licence do I require to drive an electric car with top speed of 40mph?
bhartaris poems in sanskrit?
Fossil fuels. Earth's atmosphere. Global warming.?
Is it probable for a 14 year old girl to carry a small gun for self defense?
What happens to the energy in trophic levels that don't transfer?
Need details of a mineralizing unit for the conversion of distilled water into drinking water?
What works better Street King or 5 hour energy?
Cheer leading Catastrophe Please Help!?!?
If Earths atmosphere were thinner?
Can you use a toilet for document destruction?
Global Warming Research Project Helppp?
Slogan for: The red panda being endangered?!?
HOW CAN WE PROTECT/SAVE THE RED PANDAS?
Please help me im in need of help:'/?
Any Liberals believe if Man did not exist their would still be Global Warming?
Can Walmart take recycled water bottles?
How can I get more energy?
Is energy medicine vital in caner recovery?
How can I stop Seagulls from landing on my roof?
solar panels disconnected from battery?
What is this type of material?
Gas recycling?...details below.?
Why not just add more clouds in the polar regions?
I know how to prevent further warming?
What job and degrees should I get to work with endangered animals?
How bad does a quicksand death hurt?
what could be the cause of my low energy?
my facebook becomes undercontrol?
Energy efficient light bulb?
How are nature documentaries/films shot?
im thinking of starting a solar power system?
Are there jobs for wildlife ecologists?
Why Do You Wake Up When You Are About To have A Good Dream?
the worlds most agile man crawled into his butt and disappeared. Where did he go?
Has any one seen a Deerbra or a Whougar?
does anyone else disilke summer?
Do all BMW cars (Old model) need premium gas?
When I use the toilet, where does the stuff go?
How important would Swansea's Tidal Lagoon be to renewable energy?
Is the climate good for going to long beach if u live near the beach please tell me if its ok?
What solar panel is needed to run 12V DC 3.6W fan?
Why the solar energy is better fuel then the fossil fuel?
Hey what's wrong with the fish in india?! is something bad going to happen?
Is there something wrong with me, or nature?
looking for free glass jars?
What are the catalyst used in biodiesel so for?
I saw this under a bridge next to my house, should I be concerned?
What kind of spider do you think this is?
unfavourable changes in climate due to technological programs?
Why is there no recycling where I live?
why does the cycling of molecules btw chloroplast & mitochondria allow of flow energy from the sun?
do wells have sounds? please answer!! 10pts.?
Natural temperature forcing vs. anthropogenic temperature forcing. Which is in control?
What would you do about rhino poaching if you were the minister of environmental affairs?
Are there any programs in NY that let's people live in for 2 years until they get there own apartment?
Help me out on this please!?
Is the yamaha dtx 500k a decent electric drum kit?
Please i need an urgent answer?
We can't recycle our batteries here. So this is what I do..?
Whats a good career involving the environment?
How much ISO 14001 consultancy cost ins the Philippines?
how shall we prevent plants and crop from water starvations? its for a speech?
Can i make Bonsai of Mango tree?
How to smoke . Swisher sweet cigarelo?
How to smoke . Swisher sweet cigarelo?
Does the Silver Banksia have a carpel?
How to construct the wind energy vehicle?
Overpopulation and global warming threatening future of d earth. reflect in d relevance of these in d future?
Where can I find a job on a boat collecting ambergris?
Why are hornets so rare?
Environmentalists, if we discover nuclear fusion, do you think it will be good or bad for the planet?
Whats the price of electric two wheeler?
Why the elasticity should be more to reduce the loss of energy?
i think i saw a octopus?
What could this have been?
Is Arctic sea ice extent and climate controlled by natural variations in solar activity?
How do I make a food web that answers how your food gets to your muscles as energy and then becomes waste?
Methods of modifying, controlling or adapting to climate.?
is it expensive to build a nuclear power plant?
Can an electric car consist of alternating charging and discharging batteries energized by the wheels?
What is global warming?
Conservation, preservation, and reconstruction of the Uluburun Shipwreck?
What kind of bug is this?
Why can't some black people swim. Sorry if this sounds racist?
Is coal used in the extraction of copper from its ore? Is coal used in the recycling of copper?
The perfect place in Alaska for my story?
What's that screeching noise in the summer?
how not to get scared of the thunderstorm warning sound?
Why all the fuss over climate change?
Why did the UK met office predict?
What places in Canada are most likley in danger because of rising sea levels?
Has any major problem ever been solved entirely by science, GW?
Please help read below!?
why don't conservative christains believe in global warming?
Please help me ?????
can a bowl of ice lower the temperature of my room?
Is there an increase in the number of forest fires than in the 50's and 60's?
What will happen if the earth warms?
I want to get into environmental conservation?
were can i get free upto the min live satellite?
Is the global warming becoming a threat?
Is it normal to be afraid of bugs? If so, why?
What are alternatives to getting rid of waste water from hydraulic fracturing?
i want a letter about environment?
Does anybody want a Titan Arum tuber?
Databases for global warming paper?
If we type \global warming\ into a search engine, we are engaging in ___________ searching.?
JP morgan stopped niocole tesla from giving free energy to the world. it has to have meter on it .?
How is energy captured and stored?
What is a good way to get ocean sand off of your feet?
How long till I get my energy back off of adderal?
What wild fruit is this?
Chernobyl Post Disaster Life?
Guys I need help with my academic decathlon speech?
Farm House Entertainment!?
Guys I need help with my academic decathlon speech?
Farm House Entertainment!?
Spider WONT DIE! Help!?
Have you planted atleast a tree?
good or bad e85 in autos type of gas?
Has recent history supported or not the premise of Al Gore's \An Inconvient Truth\?
Why hasn't someone created the electric hammer?
Can someone with a cochlear implant get a haircut using an electric razor?
Can i buy tickets to electric dazy today on gates and how much they cost ?
how can we reduce water pollution?
submitting a test question?
What shall I do for my amazon rainforest project?
What was the device that Tesla created that would make energy free?
the cost for nuclear energy?
Will The Met Office ever apologise? Year after year they give us incorrect forecasts.?
how does nuclear energy harm the environment?
Help!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!!?!?!?!?!??!?!?
can you still go on rides if its raining.?
so what's happening ?
Which came first, the habitat or the species ?
When will NASA send people to MARS?
prevention from natural disasters?
how much it would cost to set up a 3 mw solar power plant?
Conservation of energy to find kinetic energy.?
How do you separate water from from a mixture of oil and water?
Is it true that the earth balances itself out?
Oil Cooler on Cadilllac Car Help!!?
What is Feed-In tariff?
HELP!! A big black round bug just bit me!?
Help an earwig is gonna eat me!?!?
What is this MD beetle?
What is this beetle? Red-brown MD beetle?
Full Moon Mermaid spells?
My neighbors are stealing things out of my mailbox?
Why not man made power?
Oscar cichlid beating up jaguar cichlid?
Oscar cichlid beating up jaguar cichlid?
Oscar cichlid beating up jaguar cichlid?
What is the law of conservation of energy?
Is global warming really happening?
Is there anything that acts like a percolator in nature?
what are the current statistics of pollution?
Is global warming really happening?
Where can I find the tree root cave in Big Sur California?
What to do in the Roseville Area?
Okay is this considered wrong to do to a woman?
which is less pollutant? cotton, linen or cellulose?
What has caused the current UK heatwave?
Will this help me rap better?
solar hybrid inverters working mechanism?
Instead of thinking of new methods of power, why don't we just improve the ones we have?
is pollution worse when it's warm?
What are some solar powered outlet options?
Would it hurt if you were hung by the leg?
Have people already thought of this solution to combat global warming?
Helping poor people I need money?
Off-grid in Siskiyou County CA.?
hi everyone...can we bring the best quality papers like classmate,lepakshi etc through paper recycling?
Where are all the empty 55 Gallon / 205 L Plastic Drums?
I would like to make my rv green any way I can. My first major hurdle is converting to solar power...?
Pitbull global warming album \new world order\?
A little moving advice?
The particles that make up a sample of matter have kinetic energy?
In which of the following species is the octet rule violated by the central atoma)CH4b)SF4c)SO2d)NH3?
How many Americans actually recycle?
is it true Sweden has 6 months day and 6 months night?
want to knowsin details of renewable solar power plant to build 20mw plant at Bangladesh as soon as possible.?
what job helps the enviorment the most and safes animals?
Is it normal heatwave behavior?
Do you have a desk at home?
Do you detect moving goalposts?
long term damages of smelling burnt chicken wings?
nuclear or wind energy for the future?
Will our obsession with technology eventually kill all animal life?
Are the petroleum industry and conservative think tanks part of the international socialist AGW conspiracy?
Replacing roads with canals?
When will the heatwave in Germany end?
Why is our summer so good this year? (UK)?
how does nuclear harm the environment?
does wind energy harm the environent?
does nuclear harm the environent?
What kind of spider is this?
i saw a huge puddle of water falling straight to the ground, is this normal?
I dropped a bit of oil/water on my sisters MacBook Air!?
What is the weather like in ACT in sept. october?
What are months attracted to?
name of oxygen measure machine?
Does this sound like the logic of global warming denialists?
If AGW is such a gravy train, why aren't the denialists in on it?
How are the indonesian rainforests suited to the climate? Please help!?
Tabacco and nicotine free hookah pen?
If I \switch on\ a broken lights, will it still consume energy?
How many batteries in an electric car?
Grenade question? please answer!!?
what about global warming guys?
Electric Daisy Carnival?
Can you smoke white-out?
What would happened if PeTA got their way?
Why all the laws to keep bums from getting cans?
How many parts per million (ppm) in smog?
What is the world's biggest, NOT TALLEST OR HIGHEST, waterfall in the world :) ?
Do earwigs crawl in your ear's?
What happens if a minor gets cought with anm80?
Do you agree there are more natural disasters these days than ever before?
How are sea levels rising?
When is this weather going to cool down??!?
What is the best and cheapest way to go about getting a yurt as a permanent home?
Pollution in north & south carolina?
Do you know if earwigs bite?
Climate Change and Nukes: Is it Possible?
What is the smell outside when its warm ?
How do I preserve my insect collection?
What if global warming continues apace until earth's surface is temporarily uninhabitable?
How to keep cool in the summer?
Clover ground cover or what is better grass?
Found some kind of sensor under a rock?
Will a refrigerator run on an 18 watt solar panel?
Is it true that a 10 minute shower used 40 gallons of water?
Great Pacific Garbage Patch?
how do i get over my fear of bugs?
People digging through trash for recyclables?
What is the worst natural disaster in YOUR opinion?
Where to find out what need to be invented ?
What are Carbon Offsets for Renewable Energy?
Where does XOOM Energy Company offer service in the US?
Solar Power Charging of 12 V Battery - Can I Use the Battery/Inverter While The Panel is Charging the Battery?
Why aren't my solar panels generating much more than a milder summer as last year?
What do caddisflies do right before they turn into a pupa?
Does any other metal besides copper turn green?
Creeks with bridges over it hamburg ny?
Bridge jumping into water, hamburg ny?
What is the horn sound at 11:27 every day in Civic Center?
Which careers/life purposes have these characteristics?
What about the \other\ climate models?
Were can i look for this?
Liquid Copper Sulfate (Cupric Sulfate), can these HDPE containers be cleaned and reused?
What is this thing I found out in the woods?
does anyone know what bug this is?
I found a firefly in my room.........?
How much extra would I spend on electric if I had a plug in hybrid car?
is nuclear energy or wind energy cleaner??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
My door closed by itself?
WHAT IS THE ENVIRONMENTAL IMPACT ON WIND AND NUCLEAR ENERGY??? HELP ASAP?
Is global warming happening?
What kind of beetle is this?
Why do weak people try to bully me when im stronger and bigger than them.?
what is the environmental impact for nuclear and wind energy?
What carrer should I go into?
News says that we have discovered 14% of land species. Where are the rest?
How do I get rid of flying ants on my bathroom sink and tub?
News says that we have discovered 14% of land species. Where are the rest?
How do I get rid of flying ants on my bathroom sink and tub?
I can't sleep because of spiders?
Polyethylene Bag turns yellow?
I don't wanna grow up!!! MIXED EMOTIONS!!!?
How do you get rid of those gross bugs in the bath?!?
I found two house centipedes in my house in the last two months, what do I do?...?
Where is the best place to become a park ranger?
If CO2 in soda, why isn't it being vilified like industrial CO2?
Energy bill 180 in summer?
What's so bad about HHO?
Climate Change Survey?
Can we run a car on hho?
Can you recycle plastic water bottles and get money from it in Delaware?
Have the rowers..............?
is global warming caused by humans?
is global warming real?
Why is it 95 degrees in NY?
What would you do (if anything) with tree branches/wood?
Ice age Graph, who is saying the next ice age wont be for 50,000 yrs?
what would your strategy be in an apocalypse?
Would this simple solar system work?
Do you know what bug this may be?
I want to boycott Styrofoam packing material like food to go boxes and packing popcorn?
are you a PRO RH Bill or an ANTI RH Bill? why?
Have you spotted any rare or endangered species lately?
Islands for sale: under £20,000?
What's Paul's Alias 2 got against Trevor?
What happend to the prototype of the covenant energy sword?
Is the North in a Global Warming meltdown?
What causes kookaburras to end up here?
I just finished building my Solar Panels and am using GTI's at the moment.?
Already picked black currants?
When will it stop being hot!?
What is the most convincing evidence you have that global warming is man-made?
REALLY lacking in energy?
How are global temperatures decided?
Why must damaged headlights be replaced?
Do you like polar bears?
When will this heat go away?
Change 0.5 to a fraction reduce if needed?
Help on Picking a Conservation Project?
methods used in increasing the population of threatened and endangered species do not include?
Tell me about the best scennery you admired on today?
Custom electric vehicle?
My a/c is broken and is it better to leave the windows open or closed, as it is?
Will a Canada Goose die of depression/loneliness after it's mate is killed?
Which is Safer Plastic or Aluminum Bottles?
Why do we need sleep when our body gets energy from food and water!!!?
Method of solid waste collection under community sanitation?
what is photosynthetic fuel cell?
A 24volt battery is being charged at the save of 30c/s for one hour the energy store in battery is what?
repair fuel system on 13 hp tecomseh/murray engine?
What is a turn around downtown?
What bugs are biting me?
Diminishing logarithmic relationships?
What is a greater problem in Australia? Cats, rabbits or Cane Toads?
Can you identify the anthropogenic effect (cherry-picker's wet dream)?
Can engage energy drinks show up postive for meth?
Accuracy of IPCC climate model projections (welcome cherry pickers)?
Define electric lines of force?
Best way to cool down my room?
Does the Botnia UPM in Uruguay cause air pollution?
Isn't it actually awfully cold for birds in Antarctica, especially at night?
Can you do this challenge?
DOES IT POSSIBLE TO MAKE A PETROL-ELECTRIC ENGINE, IN WHICH WE START ENGINE WITH THE HELP OF PETROL ?
What items are organic?
In the event of a major catastrophe, or something of the sort, what would happen if the sewers collapsed?
Why do you ever have to refuel a hydrogen fuel cell?
Help please! National Dialogue On Ocean Economy- Short Message?
is wind power or nuclear energy safer?
What is cause pollution of environment?
How can you decrease your electric bill in Pennsylvania?
How to save on your electric bill?
How is the drug trade a global issue?
Ok me and my man have been smelling this awful smell like rotting flesh for the pass few nights?
Anti-Climate Change arguments?
can you use a 10 gallon propane tank on a regulator for your water heater.?
Is there any way or any kind of energy work (without harm) to get a parent off your back?
An article by Nature puts to rest?
Do coyotes bark like normal dogs?
Good MPPT Charge Controllers?
How to describe a dying fire?
Will this cool my room?
solutions that may work to solve the issue of the Red panda endangered or becoming extinct?
Would a running fan attract animals?
What id the white stuff that comes out of my Pirvate part?
what type of bug is this? please help?
If 97% of scientist believe in climate change?
How can you maintain safety issues and avoid wastes that could lead to workmans claim?
Is making everything paperless these days actually making an impact on the environment?
How much would a 8,000 - BTU Air conditioner add to the cost of the electric bill,?
I worry about the environment all the time! is this normal?
Whyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy?
Can it be so hot people say things they don't mean?
How do I get into wildlife conservations abroad?
Will it get colder if i put on a fan while the ac is on?
What are the driest countries of Asia?
Greenhouse gases, Please Help!?
Fundraising Ideas For Charity?
What can we do to protect salt marshes?
Does target Canada sell bikes?
Slight propane smell outside ?
What percent of the sweet-corn grown commercially in Calilfornia is GMO?
Would this conserve energy?
If ray mears was in desert?
Random black dots around the house?
Water expands when it freezes and affects sea levels?
Would it be a good idea to breed certain endeared subspecies with non endanger subspecies of the same species?
Effect of air pressure on eather and climate?
the major cause of water pollution by industries involves?
Will conservatives believe in climate change if they got hit by a Sharknado?
5 things that put CO2 in the atmosphere?
Air conditioner and energy question?
I'm angry and scared, what can I do?
solar panels and the cost to produce them?
Should we upgrade our roofs by putting turf on them?
What are the reasons of sea level rise?
What are the importance of wildlife conservation in Nepal?
Satellite measurements of sea ice extent?
Well i watched this movie and it realy got to me. Well i realy dont know how to handel my feelings, any help!?
Is it normal for shadows to glitch out?
ALTERNATIVE LIVING/LIVING OFF THE GRID?
Is there a link between global cloud cover and Earths temperature?
Is electromagnet consumes energy?
w much maintenance do solar panels require?
Should we develop algae based fuel?
Do they cover up sinkholes if it happens on a road?
Guadalupe River Tubing?
what are the 5 most thing that effect the environment in cities?
Is california conservation corps a good program?
effects of wildlife conservation on infrastructure development?
Does anyone think a are goo are good cars?
What type of battery system should I use for my survival shelter?
How to be a kid again?
How to get incense smell out?
Weird bugs in my dorm?
Do all-electric cars cost a much less in maintenance?
What battery should I use to power a soundstream ta1.3000d?
Why is the arctic experiencing a record number of below average temperature days.?
Does trees change their chemical composition to a bug infestation?
How the other half lives by Jacob Riis?
What is a climate rhythm?
Jobs involving the protection of animals?
In arid climates how is evapotranspiration measured?
Are prunes a signicant contributor to greenhouse gas?
wire to Digital Charge Controller?
I just found a cattipiller?
Things I do to help reduce waste and provide a better,healthier environment?
How much energy density does Diesel and 91 octane have?
Moral and Ethical Reasons for maintaining ecosystems?
What is this catterpilar?
what is different types of popular?
Do all types of paper bags decompose?
what can we power using photovoltaic cells?
how to sneak out the house at night!? QUICK 10 POINTS for the cleverest person.?
how to use photovoltaic cells in awesome ways?
where in galway ireland can i buy a filter for my tap?
When will the heat go away? so despeeate!?
Can wood swell in humid climate?
Is it true that oxygen cools down the climate while CO2 warms it up?
Is the \Hockey Stick\ broken or not?
WHAT countries (do you think) will greatly be affected by Global Warming in a bad way?
WHY did ''Global Warming'' start to happen in the beginning?
If I ran four (12V 35Ah) batteries in parallel, how many Amp Hours would I have? Would Ah quadruple?
Surviving Middle Earth?
Is most Trash buried under the ground(soil) or recycled ?
What to do with a great amount of left overs?
What is the benifits of fuel additives.?
Y r our species can't find an alternate source of energy?
Why do china produce so much carbon dioxide?
Isn't the \ feels like\ temperature technically the temperature?
What would it be like to lead a low-energy lifestyle?
Where can I find pillbugs/ sowbugs in Brooklyn, NY?
How to i change my research?
What is the potential energy of a molecule?
Off grid solar system on a budget. Seeking information from the wise and experienced.?
What happens to the environment when people waste electricity?
What happens to the environment when people don't recycle?
3 small reasons why man is the main cause of pollution and 1 reason why it is not .?
why is global warming(fossil fuels) so important?
advantages of a good fuel?
When did you \Go Green\?
Solar power for year round off grid cabin. ON A BUDGET!?
consumption and conservation of resource?
I have tons of papers, how to recycle them?
science projects on energy?
How much would a new set of fuel injectors be 4a4 wheeler?
Were humans put on Earth to manage mother nature?
help for fixing a Kenmore 5,200 BTU Room Air Conditioner ENERGY STAR®?
ASAP!!! Threats of natural gas?
Impact of typhoons on biodiversity?
methods to conserve soil?
how an we good use of rain water in the uae?
How is hydrogen made?
How long till Computer Makers Market SELF CHARGING LapTops And Cell Phones? WTF?
what kind of spider is this?
Humanity must become extinct?
Will Japan Become Part of USA?
How do the parts of the tree adapt to the climate?
What is the one thing you’d most like to change about the world?
the chairs are too big for me?
what is luminescent fungi?
How to get my dad & mom to smoke outside?
Where can i buy biofuel?
Why am I afraid of spiders?
How thick is Graphene and what is it's future?
How does mavericks the wave kill someone?
Likelihood of this happening? Ocean life crumbling, effects on climate?
If a group of people are on the run, where could they hide thats outdoors?
Are we heading for a little ice age?
What the heck is this?
Is Global warming is a carbon tax scam?
What are people's thoughts on global warming?
Anyone know what flower this is?
The extinction of the Monteverde harlequin frog and the Golden toad in the Monteverde Cloud Forest of Costa Ri?
Is it true global warming could cause an ice age?
Which species was commemorated by Aldo Leopold for its aesthetic benefits?
URGENT: what should i do?
what food gives me energy that doesn't run out?
what is the meaning of life?
What do you think about other people's stated sources about AGW?
Good places to hide a body?
run a small solar system?
my poop is green??????????????????????????
Electricity Overloads help?
Cheapest environmentally friendly pens?
Does kangen water alkaline water, rich in bio-photon energy and micro clusters really work.?
saw something weird come out of a bug what was it?
Recapturing CO2 emissions?
Threatening letter from EDF Energy.?
Why not use Asian Carp for fertilizer?
Your own opinion about Russians. ...?
Is it amazon rainforest OR amazon jungle?
So what happened to the theory Arctic ice melting gave rise to bad weather?
Anybody know about building eco homes/underground/hobbit holes?
Can I beat someone stronger than me physically without the use of a weapon and without the use of electric zap?
what is the most legit charity for helping developing countries?
Why don't they ask a deposit on cans and bottles?
I lost my DEP/Department of Environmental Protection card for trapping?
If this is a bug, what kind is it?
If someone says \it's hot\ would that be an opinion or fact?
Recycle? or the tip? (guide & tips)?
I love nature, and I absolutely hate being indoors!?
Does anybody besides me feel a sense of impending doom for America ?
3 reason why Australia should use wind energy ?
what is the recreational carrying capacity?
Do I need to tell DVLA when I converted my car from petrol to LPG?
How to get government discount on solar products in India?
What roofs could hold me?
Starting with 0.6 mols of o2 , C3H7SH(l) + 6 O2(g)= 3 CO2(g) + SO2(g) + 4 H2O (?
Poll: A Zebra is white stripes in Black or Black stripes in White? Or both equal?
Do you like going into the forests?
A question for the americans (or anyone really)?
When will it start to cool down?
Assuming climate change is real what are your fears?
Relatioship btn dielectric n potential energy across parallel plate capacitorlate?
emp+dirty bomb+quarantine+green house vs Colloidal silver?
What is the max temperature to full out work in a care home?
can we use bio gas in place of LPG in vehicles ?
IS GLOBAL INCREASE IN CARBON IV OXIDE CONCENTRATION LEADING TO RISE IN GLOBAL TEMPERATURE OR IS THE OTHER WAY?
Is it just me or do I find backbones attractive?
How can you turn a libra boy on?
Any tips to keep spider out of my room?
I heard it snows more in the Australian Alps than what it does in Switzerland Alps?
Why is everything so wasteful?
What can we do to help the endangered red pandas?
What are the problems off krill catching, processing and selling?
What kind of frogs stay in swimming pools?
What can you tell me about electric cars?
six flags tickets! HELPPP!?
What does this mean...............?
What bug bite do I have?
what is the difference between scavengingand detritus feeding?
A question about survival.?
Why don't they make solar-powered lawn mowers?
The solution to global warming!!!!!!!?
Jobs That Lead To Africa?
What could've been inside this car?
BIO-DIESEL/VEGGIE FUEL? mpg and average cost?
Explain how atmospheric CO2 (gas) is forced into the oceans (liquid) ?
my question is about future fuel?
What type of bug is this? (Picture included)?
I've got a lot of Daddy long legs in my house. What do I do?
Why is it humid in chicago illinois?
I need help Every one please enter here!!!!?
Homeless Help, some sources?!?
Do we now have technology to store solar generated electricity at relatively cheap costs?
What is the definition Overwatch?
Energy can neither be created nor destroyed rightt?
Air conditioner problem?
How do Climate Scientists measure the heat from plate tectonics and apply it to surface temps?
Is it cruel to own taxidermy butterflies?
How is Brazil Climate in the winter?
the best place in NC for a young girl to live?
How dirty you think your city is?
Is the Earth really expanding?
How would you go about modelling clouds?
Is oxygen continuing to rise from the result of photosynthesis from our current increased biomass?
is power plant an energy engineering topic?
how many wind turbines would be needed to produce the same amount of energy as the average dam?
HUGE strange bee's in park?
Should conservation policies be a part of government plan?
When do you think we will run out of fresh water in the USA?
What do you think wildlife will be like the future decades or century?
Should We Attempt To Populate The Falkland Islands With Trees and Animals Again?
Can anybody help PLEASE?!?
How can we stop jellyfish from coming?
How can we stop jellyfish from coming?
What is electric flux?
example of environmental problem solved by scientific method?
how did dinasaurs get extinct?
how over come on electric power?
What happens if you are 16 in CA and u get pulled over on a electric or gas powered bicycle with no license?
Is rosebay willowherb bisexual or unisexual?
Explain y naturally-occurring of water and soil like nitrates and phosphates can cause environmental pollution?
Does anyone know of places near by Corona where there is an open field open to anyone?
What are your goals for the environment?
How much does it cost to build a waste to energy power plant?
How do Alaskan's get 10,000 feet of free lumber for living in Alaska.?
Could there be just one bed beg?
How did the latest Sunspot cycles compare with Sunspot Cycle 19?
Is it bad if a bug zapper is?
What makes you happy?
What is the energy grid?
How do I describe a stormy afternoon?
is it safe to use electric blankets with satin sheets?
Is global warming real?
Why do companies use palm oil?
Ireland heat wave help ?
What does one do with old blood pressure kits?
I found a cool stone thing and was wondering what it was?
Can someone tell me what this is?
HOW MUCH IS THE AVARAGE ELECTRIC BILL?
Earth's Cold Trap: The Tropopause?
Which of these statements about AGW do you agree with?
Two charged parallel plates 5.0mm apart are connected across a battery of 60v. what is the electric field stre?
Why do the sound of cicadas calm me down?
The nomenclature of climate science?
paperboard recycling?
What's going on with electric cars?
I'm on metformin and feels sleepy and tired what can I do to boost energy ?
best major cities for all year round recreation?
i have read that fusion reaction is done in hydrogen bomb and cant be controoled to produce electricity. i hav?
How do I throw away my school uniform?
Electric guitar buying advice?
How are forests and parks maintained and managed?
how would you finish the interior walls of an earth sheltered home? just paint? or would you stud and drywall?
A Guide to Ocean heat content?
scope of geographic thought?
A Guide to Ocean heat content?
scope of geographic thought?
how does using solar and wind power reduce pollution?
How does recycling reduce pollution?
any one best working model on pollution control?
sources to produce electric?
What Are The Natural Barriers Of The Quantity Of The Reflected IR Rays From Earth ?
My town has water problems and forbid people to wash their car. Why do they allow automatic car wash?
Could climate sensitivity be variable?
I want to make a global difference at 15 years old?
Where can they be coming from?
Diminishing returns on increases of heat by CO2?
Why might the sea look cracked?
how do i gain energy without drinking energy drink?
a seminar on solar energy?
which heaters are energy efficient?
If you mix petrol with palm oil, what will it give you as a result?
Has Global Warming Been Debunked (Seriously)?
Benefits of free solar panels?
What are Dark Matter & Dark Energy?
where can you buy solar panels in davao city,philippines?
What state do you live in?
Just moved to Hopkins Mn?
Can i run a Petrol pressure washer on bio ethanol?
Does anyone know any Bio-gas plants in and near hyderabad andhra pradesh?
Is there a ECO version of petrol?
Does the Hulk do big green?
Why are my neighbors always up?
discuss the different sources of energy available in nature?
Who lives in memphis && is goin to whitestation high this upcoming year?
Where can you go crawdad near Plano texas?
What happens to my blood in a hot climate?
Okay. I have seen some chunky looking spiders here.?
Are brown recluse spiders poisonous?
What is a four letter mammal that starts with la?
What kind of moth is this?
Are wildlife sanctuaries government funded?
IF YOU GUYS HAD 10 MILLION.....?
Small bug that looks like a scorpion?
What are similarities between hybrid cars and fuel cars?
Kerosene, Benzine, Urea, Toluline... How many of those can I feed my toddler?
How can I get kidnapped?
The EPA classes CO2 as a pollutant but the USDA?
What to do when your electric is low on money?
Is pro climate change journal NATURE criticizing climate models?
What are poisonous berries that look like blueberries?
When do YOU think the world will end ? :O?
Where's a willow tree in the country?
what is hgal in terms of water usage?
Any Eco- Friendly Clothing Stores for Teens?
House is being taken over by pill bugs, HELP!?
Who knows anything about Endangered Species?
What are 4 major accomplishments of Greenpeace Foundation?
im confuse on street names and main roads and stuff?
will the sea reclaim the land?
Hi there i am a 19 year old who is taking a gap year and would love the opportunity to come to the Uk.?
When are flying ants coming to London?
What is the most popular item sold online? What do YOU love buying online? PLEASE ANSWER?
Can someone tell me what type of rock this is?
How to prevent flies from staying close to you?
Where do you know about AGW from?
How to start a recycling program at my company?
Using solar and batteries to charge my room?
Evidence for global warming being caused by humans?
What's your favorite season?
Why are hot tub boats powered by electric motors?
The energy in biomass is used to make electricity. How is the energy stored in biomass?
Which of these degrees would direct me more towards working in Wildlife Conservation?
what is recycling? What are the types of recycling?
Dna testing on petty crimes?
Is Yellow Blue energy shield attic blanket really worth the cost?
Free energy generator plans are needed?
why do little birds line up on an electric wire?
how can i learn about cars?
how many solar panels Do we need!!!!?
go green save future?
I want to convert my home to using solar power.?
My Penpal is due to be executed soon by electric chair, I'm upset would you like to ask?
Is not having children the best possible thing you can do to avoid global warming?
is it possible that tear gas can start a conflagration?
What type of energy saving bulb is best for flush ceiling and wall lights with ES screw fitting?
Discribe the state of law of conservation of Momentum?
which government department will given approval for bio gas cylinder sale.?
What are some endangered birds that live in and around Rio De Janeiro?
Any matter on globalwarming in hindi?
Match the following. (i) Trade Winds (a) Incoming solar energy (ii) Loo (b) Seasonal wind (iii) Monsoon (c) Ho?
What are ways you think you could survive the Zombie Apocalypse?
What to do in the Summer outside?
Most energy is released by respiration here in the______.?
The percentage shre of renewable energy sources in the power production in india is around?
How big of a solar panel system would I need to get ?
biodiesel blended with mineral diesel?
Why is Tribals-The Guardian of Forests?
Hai, just wanna ask something about the Ninja300, Does the fuel tank always gets hot after a ride?
Lonliness/Is this normal...?
Are there any AGW deniers in the group of people who would sign a petition to ban water?
I'm worried about getting a job, and owning a house. Guidance please?
Write a Paragraph on Tribals-The Guardian of Forests?
Are there any AGW people decrying the closing of San Onofre?
Wouldnt extra CO2 be a good thing?
Are there any AGW people decrying the closing of San Onofre?
Wouldnt extra CO2 be a good thing?
why do people love to deny global warming and not take even the slightest accountability?
What do you suppose is the best alternative energy strategy? from present to the near/distant future?
Some good songs when you're high?
Who do Environmental Scientists work for?
What does subsidizing and disentralizing energy mean?
Davidoff champion or davidoff champion energy?
Because solar panels absorb sunlight...?
What kind of oil do I use for a 4stroke moped?
Are there any Young Earth Creationists who are AGW proponents?
Where is there recycling locations in NYC?
15 yrs old & afraid of the dark?
Why do so many people think HHO Power a Hoax? HHO FACT!?
Natural Grass Sod or Artificial Turf: Which is greener?
Strong, hard, recyclable material?
My apartment has bed bugs!!!?
My butterfly was hit by a pickup I am doing everthing I can but nothing working what should i do?
some people argue that the problem of global warming is an example of \the tragedy of commons\?
Is the sun healthy for you?
Need Help With This Energy Balance Equation?
If we could see ONLY at CO2 wavelengths; what would we see ...?
Clarification on the runaway greenhouse effect?
UK soil classification/Livestock/Proposed Planning Question Urgent.?
Baby robin chick help?
The Pacific Rim, A new scare tactic by the saviours of the Earth?
Why hasn't society embraced electric cars yet?
Do Brown Anoles Eat Baby Brown Anoles?
Capacitor and using energy?
What is saltwater intrusion?
how do endangered animals link to the importance of the environment?
will this idea work for growing shrooms in my yard?
I need 30-40 Lt. plastic pedal dust bins?
Most likely future cars.?
If you were standing by a window and struck by lightning, would the glass shatter?
Can someone explain the solar electric rebate system in Calfornia?
What can I do with an environmental studies major?
Should I get a smart phone? My gps died and my cell phone's batteries need replacing?
is it worth buying a chevy spark ev for 25,000 when i can buy a spark for 13,000?
Children ruining my life!?!?
Is there any places in cincinnati that allow fishing over night without a license?
OLR and the missing heat?
The Sun vs Carbon dioxide vs other things?
Best jobs in renewable energy?
Where would you favorite place to live be?
How can we show that matter is particuate in nature?
What are good arguments for fossil fuels vs renewable energy?
evs projec reelated to environmen?
There are yellow jackets coming out of my lightbulbs?
Will putting these following things into strorage hurt them?
What are the health and safety risks of stp installed under sbr technology emits human settlements ?
Will someone please answer the question, has there been any warming over the past 15 years?
UK only. Need a battery back up system for my 4KWh solar panels!?
plight of rain in today time against earlier time?
Climate control system?
What do we call a person who spends his/her life defending nature?
first car u owned when you were able to drive?
Bed bugs are driving me fuckjng insane!!?
CAN I HAVE SCHEMATIC EXPLANATION OF WORKING OF ELECTRIC ENGINE?
Consider the oxidation of ethanol (CH3CH2OH) to acetaldehyde (CH3CHO) by NAD+?
what is the salinity of the amazon rainforest?
Do bugs 'Hibernate' at night?
Why is new NYC get so hot but LA is fine even though its on a much lower lattitude?
If Global Warming isn't Causing Climate Change, then What Is?
What's the point of having a flex fuel vehicle?
if a tree gets ring barked from the bottom, will it die completely?
What jobs do people who own southern plantation homes do?
Scientists identify the factors that threaten a species and the factors that help it survive. This information?
What countries have more nature?
Why do the Natural Gas industry lie about fracking when it does this to our drinking water?
is ndir co2 sensor allows only co2 or any other gases into it?
Can I really make some SERIOUS $$$ from recycling?
What does a brownish-grey sky mean?
Do I have sunstroke or is this a result of my new medication?
Drugs test for oil rigs?
What does the electric company technician do to the digital meter to disconnect power?
Someone stole my weed?
Which of the following poses the greatest risk for species extinction?
hydrocarbons co2 methane biochar?
Rockbrook Camp For Girls?
Does this method really save gas?
obama phone. is it true?
How do they make this happen?
overdosed on ethanol?
WHY THE FUCK IS IT THUNDERSTORMING EVERYDAY ?
Does your school recycle aluminium cans and glass bottles...?
Can I build a Self powering Genorator?
Wouldn't it be great if a national figurehead would stand up and make a case for increased CO2 levels?
What if the Earth was warmer.?
How are we running out of water?
What are green condominiums?
Could we still go back to living like the old days?
Germany/European Energy Use Plans?
What are the chances of a nationwide rain ?
What is Fords electric car called?
I'm looking for cool gemstones?
Why Are There So Many Mice In Chicago Area?
Implications in conservation of the laws of thermodynamics?
Help me about fossil fuel?
help with conservation of momentum?
Help me about fossil fuel?
help with conservation of momentum?
Questions about Magic Mushrooms!?
I have a bug out bag/survival bag and I would like to store seeds in it. Will the seeds mold?
great lakes in the U.S. has the rains in2013 increased the levels of the 5 lakes?
Wood Pellet usage--percentages for each use?
Who are some conservatives who accept AGW and/or favor carbon taxes, GW?
Name the scientist who stated that matter can be converted into energy?
Why do most people believe there is \free energy\?
Links proving the FACT that carbon dioxide is a COOLANT, not a greenhouse gas?
What should I get an Air Rifel or Chickens?
Is there anything I can do about global warming?
The energy required to completely remove the covalent bond between two atoms is called __________.?
Can ATP be used as a fuel for vehicles?is there any research done for it?
What type of dragonfly is this?
It is said that growing Antarctic ice extent is due to warmer water.?
Can an HHO set up be made to run a 5 horse motor or small scooter bike?
Baby Spiders (spiderlings) in my room! HELP?!?
Why mangroves can not be planted in deserts by providing sea water.?
When solar panels is generating energy, where the excess energy go when the input power more than need? And?
Spider Identification/Problem?
Help river, pond related problem !!?
I need a way to motivate myself. I don't even know what for.?
81 virag 920 help???????
Will overpopulation drive our species to near extinction?
Exact numbers regarding the missing heat?
Shredded paper as fire fuel?
MUSTANGS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!?
From where do chemotrophs get energy?
How many tons of CO2 enter atmosphere annually?
best way to store energy produced from wind turbines?
Why dont we in america use ocean water instead of fresh water for daily needs, apart from drinking ?
Why dont we in america use ocean water instead of fresh water for daily needs, apart from drinking ?
Why dont we in america use ocean water instead of fresh water for daily needs, apart from drinking ?
Climate in Australia?
In about 20 years will all of the water eventually be polluted?
do ghost really exist.........?
way to control water pollution?
Can you give a spider a papercut?
Was Allah's favourite coulor light green or dark green?
Can we live without electricity?
Since the year 1700, during what period did the seven hottest solar cycles occur?
Has the missing heat gone here?
does anyone know what object the dolphins would find fascinating?
Is Preen an organic or chemical product?
What are health violations aganst a house if the house has over grown trees?
What is that high pitched sound in my room?
what is a blood worm?
What is the meaning of this chart?
Do you believe in the Gaia Theory?
My unicorn won't eat my homemade beef jerky?
Hybrid Car running on electric all day?
Does WWF adoption for animals actually help animals?
Making a throttle for an electric kart?
If you had the power to manipulate energy what can you do?
What two things effect a biome climate?
The main losers of the rainforest and why?
what evidence do we have that global warming is man made?
where can I exchange empty pop cans for money in ottawa, ontario?
Does using energy on \high\ speed use the same amount of energy as a lesser speed?
Bed bugs? how to deal with it?
If global warming is real, why did thousands of animals die in frigid weather last week?
Can a gas car run off hydrogen?
What do you think the future will be like in 100,000 years?
request copy of drain locations?
I am going into 9th grade and I get bullied A LOT... any suggestions?
How do I become known?
If carbon dioxide levels in the atmosphere double, which boime would be introduced on the north west territor?
Risk characterization problems?
Need help please ..i have invent a new way to save fuel up to 80% please help me?
How do i suntan the correct way?
Land and sea still controled or owned by brown people?
Should I remove the nest after the babies hatch?
Am I to old to be like this?
Could you guys give me a list of all the stores in galeries d'anjou?
What kind of light best attracts a luna moth?
Which way is heat flowing at the atmosphere-ocean boundary?
Poisonous spiders Alberta?
greenpeace organization?
how do i get into pest contol or is there anyone in the staffordshire area that i could tag along with?
What is actually a binding energy is? (What is the source of the binding energy that binds two molecules to)?
Who usually assess the Environmental Impact Assessment in the Philippines?
Does global warming contribute to brain damage?
Give me an idea of a best invention ever?
Sethusamudram canal project good or bad for India?
Gong xi fa cai or kong si pakai cause global warming?..............?
if have a 18.5 volts 20w solar panel what must be the output of the charger if i have to charge a 12v battery?
How to get rid of gnats?
How much would it cost if i make go kart frame out medal and electric or gas how much should i except to pay?
How would you justify this statement \ By law every household must recycle every part of rubbish\?
Does global warming really have effect on natural disasters?
Can you make your own solar windows?
Electric what????????
POLL: How much money do you make every time you take in your cans and bottles to be recycled?
Do you think Bear Gryls really wanted to eat that endangered bug on Patagonia on Man verses Wild?
Are there careers involving reef conservation?
Tips for buying window air conditioner?
climate change the missing heat?
monologue for vehicles?
Can Canada experience a food shortage?
Who to call to report unlivable/ unsanitary homes in Tennessee?
Who would you call to report unlivable homes in TN?
What characteristics define a regions climate?
Where can I find biodegradable shampoo, conditioner, and soap?
What is your favourite month and why?
What is animal abuse exactly?
water sanition and conservation?
weird yard problem, couldnt find answers on google?
what kind of natural products are good for absorption of moisture in collectibles?
one paragraph on sound pollution?
POLL: How much money do you make every time you take in your cans and bottles to be recycled?
Hawk problem on a farm!?
Can someone convince me that anything matters?
How can a planet warming release gases from the crust?
I need monster energy!?!?
Can you please help me with this?!?
What are the real Four Elements?
If you believe in saving the whales and seals?
Hello I need to no where a really gd out door water park is in?
reason for my car eating gas so quick?
Spending more time indoors/outdoors & caring more/less about the environment?
Why do liberals think that stoping the use of gasoline and fracking will stop global warming?
What was that loud boom?
Zombie apocalypes!!!!!!!!!!!!?
What kind of spider did I see?
Neighbors shot fireworks at our home!?
I feel unsafe around people, why?
Affordable pet friendly hotels in san jose CA?
What's happening to penguins?
What would you like to ask?
a good thought on environment..?
Did climate scientists actually say this?
We need good role models?
We have listen that the height of Mt. Everest is decreasing day by day due to global warming. Is that true?
three example how communities have carried out conservation of flora and fauna?
Is it legal to own a 13 lined ground squirrel in Michigan?
describe one problem caused by unreliable or insufficient water supply?
Recent solar activity, thermal inertia and outbound radiation?
Why do people say an Ice age will happen?
Alien VS Predator question of what you think?
green and warm place to live?
How can someone start an eco-village in the U.S.?
why is YA Environment full of conspiracy theorist trolls?
wouldn't global warming have a neutral effect on human habitation eg arable liveable land?
Can someone tell me why there is an objection to plastic bags?
I have got WagonR CNG on feb2013?
is solar panel discharges ac or dc?
Why do climate change skeptics have to lie so much?
What is sustainable energy?
Why do people still buy into this global warming garbage?
How can I tell if my \haier airconditioning\ is saving me energy?
what is worse for the environment? large populated suburbs or large populated cities?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of energy food?
comunities in jharkhand which protects the vegetation and wildlife?
I have an Energy efficieny idea and i need advice what i shud do wit it or who shud i propose it to?
What should i do if i'm the last of my species?
What was the cause of flood in Uttarakhand ?
EXTRACTION NAPHTHALENE & FUEL OIL?
how to get in a cloudy attitude?
DIY single solar panels with outlets?
According to this chart about how many sunspots does an 'AVERAGE' Solar Cycle have?
Solar energy advantages?
How do I get a solar panel to power a waterfall so that the flow rate is about 10-20gal/min?
Could England Erode Away?
Small biting bugs in bed... Not bed bugs. They fly?
what is the biggest firecracker that you can buy legally in kentucky / firecracker with the biggest boom?
What happens when all the oil runs out?
Where to find scrap metal to sell?
What birds/wildlife would you normally see in the area you live or travel to?
Where Can I Buy Army Ants In The USA?
i got high for the first time wtf happened?
How do you become a wind energy manager?
Is the Human Race forcing itself into another ice age?
If we had \Snowball Earth\ would global warming be desirable?
I'm looking for a book? Any suggestions?
THere's a baby Robin with a broken leg in my yard?
arguments for and against permitting GM salmon to be farmed in scotland?
Does shell put acetone in the fuel?
recent weather in taber alberta?
For peace and tranquility Nepal or Ecuador ?
What is important in business logic or energy?
Does climate change or global warming affect the occurrence or spreading of Forest Fires?
What if 'global warming' was invented by a powerful elite to take more control over the economy?
How do you wait for Change.?
why have humans never eaten grass?
How many people die per day, and how many people are born per day?
hello. anyone knows examples of what the cheapest waterproof materials are?
What is this weird creature on my dads decking?
How to survive in a heatwave?
OMG i just found out.. we're all going to die!!..?
Crafts with plastic shopping bags?
Water use in coffee and other drinks?
Is it illgal to buy and own a quokka in north carolina?
can someone tell me a website in which you get to know about natural vegetation and wildlife in detail?
How much watts in a cell of solar panel?
Why do so many Americans get confused with CO2 and the ozone layer?
Which of the following is NOT a solar technology?
Will Swifts attack human beings?
Do you have listen an eartquake?
appliance energy ratings?
Other ways to celebrate instead of w/fireworks?
Animal lovers, what do you think about the goats being hired to prevent fires?
how to make drip irrigation model?
Mars going through the same climate shifts as Earth?
Can you describe the carbon cycle in words of one syllable?
In india for a house how money watt energy is needed for giving current?
In india for a house how money watt energy is needed for giving current?
Super loud noise outside?
Got a question about hybrid cars?
Found A Baby American Cockroach In Bedroom!!!?
Electric guitar chord help?
HELP! I need similarities and differences of hyrbid and gas cars.?
Which fuel does have less CO2 emission, biodiesel or diesel?
Is global warming likely to make northern real estate more popular?
Why does this bear do this?
How long to wasps stay pissed off after you destroy their nest?
Capri sun and chip bag recycling in Denver?
Why is this happening to me?
how will a Electric scooter cost if was brand new?
More Efficiency? Commercial vs Residential Air conditioner?
the resadental energy effecincy survice trees?
Is Bullfrog Power a scam?
Model performance, scientific predictions and real world results?
How bad are firework sparklers for swimming pools?
Insallation tools?? need help?
Why does a blackbear run when you punch it in the nose?
Scrap metal question?
How early can you tell the difference between a male and female marijuana plant?
does the pure energy band work?
Global warming deniers, explane this?
Climate change deniers, hottest decade on record?
On a hot summer day the sun shines for 10hrs and the water absorbs solar energy at a rate of 20kw?
Were Sunspot Cycles 20, 21, 22 and 23 unprecidented?
are the birds in my attic or on my roof?
PLEASE HELP. WHAT SHOULD I DO. SHOULD I CALL A PROFESSIONAL?
Climate modelling - A starting point?
Nick names for the name KASIM?
Energy guide for my air conditioner?
Is comparing Biblical prophets with climatologists the same as saying they are the same.?
How to make Mosquitos stop biting you?
Is anyone else amused by the science denier asking about stratospheric temperature trends?
what bit my nephew ?????
Where the rainfall is not yet fallen in the world?
what is resourse conservation?
Have climate model projections been updated recently?
No-one predicted the shorter-timescale lack-of-trend?
Pros and cons of a toxic waste plant?
Environmental drilling?
introduction on protected animals?
What is a \decadal rate\?
introduction on protected animals?
What is a \decadal rate\?
from where did the first land mammal came from?
Recycling Services York UK?
Why are temperatures in the Stratosphere trending downward so rapidly?
How many ares per person are there in the united states?
give reasons for global warming?
do solar panels last less long in hot countries?
who has the kenyan draft air quality regulation,2008?
I'm searching for a climate zone map of the world as it was about 3 million years ago?
I've never swam in the ocean before?
how long are needed to build a solar power plant?
I gotta go potty and my grampie got a big booty!?
Looking for a future career to do with protecting and helping animals across the world, any ideas?
Why do city lights block the star light out?
What is the present status of global food resources?
What could this bug be?
I am turning 13 next week and i really want a boyfriend?
how environmentalists role of global warming curb the problem?
Difference between plum blossom and cherry blossom?
Does anyone know if cockaroaches fly's?
Why do anyone but climate scientists have a say in whether we react to global warming?
Does the floor of a house contain more bacteria than the ground outside?
Questions about the Appalachian trail in Maryland?
Help this is sirious?
Anyone interested in role playing some yaoi?
I need to get out of compton?
Obama has a car, air conditioning and a big house, why does he not want African people to have the same?
How to build a flying fox?
Wouldn't nuclear energy diminish our reliance on natural gas?
Ideas for a 100% native yard in south Florida?
what makes a pebble a pebble,a stone a stone and a cobble a cobble?
If the chance of precipitation is 40% in New York, will it rain?
How does climate change affect people as individuals?
Help quick !!!?
Would Stone Henge have had decorations, such as natural colours like Lye or Woad?
T cells and B cells can be activated only by?
How to I keep my bedroom from smelling like smoke when the rest of my house smells like it?
Solutions to Navier-Stokes equations?
Is sand round or bumpy?
Humans: the real threat to life on Earth?
Why does the United Nations Say That Cooling Temperatures Indicate Unprecedented Warming?
What is the Kremlin used for?
Are there any Tasmanian devils in Wisconsin zoos?
Why don't people believe in Global Warming?
Do you think it's possible that a thylacine population may still exist?
What is a good username for FanFiction?
If you see a tsunami coming is it already too late to escape?
Does anyone else hate summer?
What does the Republican Party have to change in order to win 2016?
Why not solar panels on vehicle roofs?
What is that video called where this little boy walking before he was killed ?
What would a 230 watt 12 volt solar panel be able to run? Would it help with electric bills?
Imagine what the Met Office would do without their £500 million computer?
Asian Brown Cloud, good or bad?
Do crabs protect their young?
Gases released by factories are?
Names of all the gases released by cars?
What will climate change do to the weather in the future ???? please help!?
What are some POSITIVE effects on rising sea temperature and rising sea levels?
A project on water conservation for class 8?
The percentage share of renewable energy source in the power production in india is around ?
Calculate the molar mass of water, H2O?
can you identify the longest tree in the picture?
What does blue look like?
What do the climate changes mean for the ecosystem? I have provided an example:?
activity about energy for kids?
Are the alberta tar sands getting any flooding?
How to get a job for a 10 year old and get atleast 5 $.?
How much does it cost to charge a Smart Electric Drive Car?
why did the government make up global warming?
Will our planet boil over?
Is it bad to have a little round butt ?
I see someone staring at me outside my house!?
Dos anyone else find it humbling that a tiny six legged invertebrate is higher on the food chain than we are?
Places to bring 