I caught my boyfriend in a huge lie?
Guys - can this be count as a \worst date\?
Can this be count as a \worst date\?
Why is my sister so mean to our new sister in law?
Why did my friend get so mad cuz I would not get in the hot tub?
is it possible to happen something between us?
What should I ask for for my birthday? I am turning 14 on Tuesday xx ?
Is it true that the quite teens are mostly dangerous while the wild teens are innocent in the inside?
Is he interested in me or am I overreacting?
Why is it so difficult for me to find someone who enjoys talking to me and wishes to spend time with me?
Would you rather have a girlfriend who is 5'0\ or 5'6\?
Is he such a mommas boy?
Fiancee has a crush on someone else. What should I do?
How can I calm a girl down ?
m stuck with my ex bf , is he using me , what i do ?
How can I stop being so jealous?
Should I view my girlfriend different?
What shall I do about this? Shall I just keep it into myself?
I need help with my beautiful crush!?
Is it wrong for a 14 year old to date a 11 year old?
MEN are we getting close to getting back together?
Does this guy like me?
AM I PREGNANT?!? HE PULLED OUT?
MEN are we close to getting back together?
Why did she just stop talking to me!!!!?
Should i stay well away from this girl?
MEN what is he thinking?
Is there something wrong with not wanting to be close to someone?
Well who wants to make my day better (GIRLS ONLY)?
MEN what is he thinking?
his girlfriend wont let him talk to me?
10 points!!! I'm starting to talk to this girl, but I just got out of a long term relationship?
How do i calm my bf down when he talks about suicide?
How can i loose wait with out spending money?
How to reconnect with my husband again?? A man's advice please (older man!)?
Made out with my best female friend of 4 years?
So am I even learning?
HELP! I'll answer yours!!?
Is he interested in me or am I overreacting?
Does he at least like me as friends? HELP IN DESPERSTE?
is love for family(parents/or siblings) or love for children equall?
Would you have a cake and punch reception after 6 or 7 p.m.?
Question for MEN about saying you'd marry someone.?
I think my boyfriend is still in live with his ex wife!! Please help 5 stars most helpful answer!!?
which one is greater love for your family(parents and siblings) or love for your kids?
Do men in their 30s ever pretend they have a girlfriend.?
if I am homeless and I'm deaf too what you do think?
I need to know what to do!!! girls and guys opinion!!! 10 points!!?
Is lt normal for things to die down in a relationship?
I seriously need help...?
What do I do about a guy who can't choose between two girls?
I'm talking to a guy that's 2 years older than me?
From a classy guy: Where did all the good women gone?
Does he like me or Im just overreacting? 10 POINTS. =)?
Can I become just friends with someone I loved and wanted to marry?
How do my husband and I control our sharpness with each other?
Really nervous about first time sex?
help for wat to buy my girlfriend on valentine's day?
should I give up on this girl?
Dad saw me jurkoff?...?
Why can I find a classy girl, all girls are trashy?
First kiss ever need advice?
Being friends with someone I loved?
I want to stop missing her?
Why do wives get frustrated at husbands over men not doing things and say, 'I just want him to know'?
Am i crazy or just naturally submissive?
Dating at the age 41?
Can we be just friends, brother-sister kind of relationship?
What kind of guys have you dated, did you make bad choices you can learn from?
I liked him back. But now he told me hurtful things. Help! What to do?
Can we remain friends? How?
First kiss ever need advice?
Guy friend and girlfriend issues?
does this girl likd me or being friendly?
My guy friend has a girlfriend?
So what if I'm a girl?
does this boy like me more than a friend? easy 10 points!?
m stuck with my ex bf , what i do?
Me andy stepbrother are in love but it's complicated!?
Is fiesty attractive?
Why did he turn back after seeing me walk with my friend?
Has someone so presistently told you they want you that?
Almost boyfriend and girlfriend?
Should I take revenge?
Why INDIA and CHINA has highest population of world?
Question for the girls?
My girlfriend is obsessed with my shaved head,i am really fed up?
I need an advice m stuck with my ex , sorry too long to read but need help :(?
I need some girl advise?
My girlfriend watches porn?
find dating local men, women and Singles?
is it possible if your husband didnt text or call you.. will he ever come back?
best friendship qoutes?
First kiss stuff? need help and answers?!?
Should I talk to him and ask him this...... for the first time? ( plz ans me)?
I totally like him back. But he told me hurtful things. Im so sad. Help?
Does this mean anything??? Please answer my questions!!! I'll return the favor?
Have you ever made a friendship that only lasted a few months? and then ended suddenly?
I caught my brother looking at my boobs?
P?LL: it possible to love someone without seeing her/him?
should i breakup with my bf?
Break up. Need serious help.?
I really like this boy, please help!!!! I'll answer yours!!!!?
my boyfriend thinks I'm cheating?
Guys Help ??? Ladies Too ??
I have sex with my boyfriend for about a year now & it hurts?
its been 8 months and i still cant get over ex?
Is dating someone with a lot more experience a bad idea?
Why did this insecure guy call me fat? I did nothing to him?
Do you like a certain color on the opposite sex?
Serious Q. If a guy wants to pursue a relationship with you?
I want her to leave me alone! Please help?
I broke up with my boyfriend tonight...Did I do the right thing?
Long Distance Flirting?
Are white girls attracted to brown guys?
Need advice kinda first world prob.?
Why do white women call most dudes small?
Sign a guy is interested ?
Why did my daughters mother in law unfriend me on FB?
Why would my crush be excited about a party my bestie is having?
What is a relationship?
HELP?!?! Do I fall for my friend or remain just friends!?
PLEASE HELP! I'll answer yours!?
My girlfriend has a crush on someone else , what should i do?
Women, have you ever did or would you like to try rides in a men´s shoulders?
I don't want to have sex with my boyfriend anymore?
My heart is absolutely shattered. Please help me :'(?
Should an 18 year old guy be interested in long term relationship?
What does he mean by that?
What would happen if someone got married a 2nd time; without divorcing the first spouse yet?
Honest Opinion: Is This a Cute Gift Idea?
Women, have you ever do or would you like to try rides in a men´s shoulders?
What does this text after a coffee date mean?
Should I loan my friend 3500?
please help! married for the wrong reasons.?
what does this text mean?!?
RelationShip Advice? help!?
My parents keep on having sex !?
Problem with girlfriend that talks about guys?
New to relationships, I'm confused, HELP PLZ?!?
Is it strange that i miss my old school if i hated and begged my parents to leave and want to go back?
Girlfriend ditched me for friends?
Guys - what did his question mean?
Help with crush please please?!?
What is the longest you've ever heard of a married couple being separated before completing the divorce?
I want to keep my boyfriend 100% satisfied in bed. Any tips?
Women's fantasies. Help! Really quick?
Hard to leave, but I feel I have to eventually, why?
I love you but ..........?
What should I say to my friend who \Cut me off\?(Please help)?
Relationship help!!!!!!!?
Is he drifting or is it just me?
Are my neighbors crackheads?
Why is my boyfriend using a fake online dating profile?
Indecisive gf breaks up for the same reason 3x?
How do I get over my ex?
Boyfriend bad in bed, please help ):?
Boyfriend bad in bed, please help ):?
how long should you date someone before kissing them?
How to avoid telling family I've had cosmetic surgery?
how old should you be before you start kissing?
Why is my boyfriend using a fake online dating profile?
Why Vainga itches to me, i have no sexual relationship with anybody for the last two three months its start?
Does he like me or is he just being nice? (short question)?
I'm not trying to mess up with people's relationship but....?
Difficult Relationship?
me and my husband want to do wedfing for are family?
Why does she never hug me?
I'm so sad about my husband?
How will reversible male birth control change the child support system in the United States?
If your Straight Edge (meaning no drugs, alcohol & smoking) and your girlfriend is not, do you break up?
Does she like me? I don't know if I should make a move.?
Why are men so confusing?
what should I do? I love him?
This may seem rudimentary, out of curiosity......?
I would Please appreciate some insight into this? IS their much i can do in this situation?
Is it weird that I like to cuddle?
Why does my girlfriend do this ?
Did I make a mistake breaking up with my girlfriend?
What is this relation?
Is it possible for a woman to have stronger legs than her boyfriend?
Why do men attend bachelor parties? why do women have bachelorete parties?
Is my life worth living?
Why does she treat me different?
Do any girls like short guys or am I going to die alone?
so i have a mermaid gown for my court house wedding anybody think that is weird?
Am I a geek or a nerd?
What do guys mean by hot?
Would a guy be confused by these 2 terms?
I've come to this conclusion?
It's been 1 day and my bf already wants to get back together?
Why do people never look me in the eye?
Guys - what would a guy think of the term \family life\?
HELP guy situation! confused with guy!?
guys...what does a guy mean when he tells a gurl he thinks shes beautiful?
If a guy likes a girl he will make time for her no matter what Right?
you text a guy and uve never seen his face but hes real and ur age ?
Why did he take my virginity?
Abuse or Not? I need help.?
Girls: Is a cast a turn off when you meet a guy?
How can ii stop overreacting to stuff in my first serious relationship?
What would a guy think if I say that I don't like bars and clubs?
Just took a selfie...Little nervous. But be honest.?
Will girls date me if I don't have a car?
GIRLS ONLY:: is stuttering and blushing cute?
Is it tasteless for girls to try online dating?
Mother not too fond of grandchild?
A woman's thought would be helpful...?
Why do people never look me in the eye?
MEN what do you think of this?
How can I make a girl feel better ?
My girlfriend has opinions - how can i put a stop to it?
Do these signs mean he is flirting/interested in me?
guys opinions please!!!?
Haven't heard from him today. Should I text him first or wait? Should I ask him if he's okay?
My girlfriends sister is trying to date me should I tell my girlfriend?
Why won't he leave me alone already?
i need advice please!:(?
HELP! What should I do?
I left my fiancé at the altar because he got a lap dance from a stripper bachelorette party?
Do any girls like short guys or am I going to die alone?
HELP! He didn't respond?
It's easier said than done, but how do I stop myself from being shy once and for all?
How do you tell someone that you are not interested?
Girl : what would you do if you are in this situation?
The Captain and Tennille are getting a divorce...is there any hope for the rest of us?
HELP what doesn't he care about?
please guys help: does he like me?
How to help my boyfriend? :$?
Relationship issues please help!?
I left my fiancé at the altar because he got a lap dance from a stripper bachelorette party?
Am I too skinny to attract girls??? Pic?
Is it possible to plan a simple,very tasteful, romantic, religious wedding for under $1,000 in under 4 weeks?
Should I go talk to her?
Am I a bad person or being stupid?
Pretty Please Help!!!?
My girlfriend doesnt like it when I hug her. What should I do?
What should I answer?
Should I throw in the towel for love?
Haven't heard from him today. Should I text him first or wait?
Preferably guys or girls 20 or older....?
How to cope with being ugly?
How to cope with being ugly?
Should I let my fiancé buy me a different & more expensive engagement ring?
in high school and feeling lonely and looking for love?
Why do guys hide cheating/porn?
how do you get a girl to tell you her real name?
(Girls)How do you like to be asked out?
Does he like me or is he just trying to pass time?
how to get guys to date you?
im not feelin good and i dont like my life anymore?
How to ask a girl something, without getting embarrased?
Should I tell my girlfriend she has too many guy friends and I dont like it?
How do i approach this girl? (girls any help?)?
Does God come to mind right before really devout Christians kiss or make love?
What do girls consider a \10\ in men to be based on looks?
Is it 'weird' that I'm not a social person?
is this normal??? guys opinions please?
Does blocking someones number mean you're over them?
Do girls do this when they like you?
What do you consider cheating?
What does being in love mean to you?
What are some things a boy and a girl can do for fun when hanging out?
When A Girl Acts Like.....?
What does this mean???????? Does he like me?????
How do I tell my friend not to cut when she knows I cut myself?
My bf sexts other girls on Fb he doesn't even know!?
What does boyfriend`s text mean?
Not sure what to think? I'll answer yours?
should i date a boy who does inhalants And is just 13 i really like him HELP?
Story of my life: Currently depressed and need a friend to talk to. Or maybe just the world out there..?
Why does he call us n****?
My friend hates me, what should I do?
Is she starting to like me?
How to move past affair ....................?
I need advice! 10 points to best!?
I'm the uglier guy everywhere I go?
are ugly women great wives?
Should I break up with the girl I'm dating?
Why does my mom hate me?
MY FIRST DATE!!! HELP MEEEEE?
I'm really shy & I want to kiss my boyfriend?
Guys, how do you talk to a girl/friend who you're falling for?
What do you do if you lose a girl's number?
what are some good ways to test my self confidence as a guy?
I'm not sure if I have a crush on her?
Can a 11 year old date a 14 year old?
Custodial parent filing taxes?
Do you think it's wrong of you to not let your girlfriend spend the night becasue she doesn't want sex?
Don't I spoil my niece too much ?
Is it me or is my homecare person trying to do sexual favors for me?
Preferably guys or girls 20 or older....?
17 year old virgin? is there something wrong?
My friend is best friends with someone I hate? How to handle her?
I need guy help. Too shy!?
should i ask where we stand?
Now dating best friend- don't know how to act around him?!?
how to get my ex girlfriend back?
how to get my ex girlfriend back?
Am I really ugly? Feel so depressed!?
john asheligh........?
Does cuddling make you easy ?
Do I like him or not, I'm so confused?
Would you ignore your inlaws if they bother you a lot?
My crush is annoying for no reason?
Why does my crush act like this?
Im so jealous???? 10 pts best answer.?
Why do girls get upset for no reason ?
Hi guys this is some serious problem with me?
What should I do? Feeling Pressured!!!?
When a guy says this after meeting up for lunch?
I wish I could be alone, but I get lonely?
How to tell if a shy girl likes you?
I'm an introvert - how to be more sociable?
4 dates over 2.5 months, is it time to get realistic?
Am i a weird gurl or am i jst normal?
How do you make out? (Tongue)?
POLL: Have you ever had a one night stand?
How do I get out of the friend zone with my husband?
Is it normal to have wandering eyes?
How do i stop??? he's got a girlfriend.?
Is it over? Broke up after 5urs over something stupid what do i do have i lost him forever?
How can I convince my boyfriend to take me to his house?
Is it ok to cry in front of your boyfriend ?
Crazy family problems?
What can I say to make her feel bad?
What to say next to my crush ?
One of my guy friends told me that he wanted to..?
What's the reason men have unprotected sex when having an affair?
Ladies do you think it is hotter if a guy does or does not have sideburns?
My mother attacked me and I don't know what to do PLEASE HELP!!!?
How can I convince my boyfriend to take me to his house?
Why do girls love to be held ?
what does it mean when a guy tries to make you laugh?
How can I make my own decisions, and not rely on my parents for everything?
Does anyone know where i can find this dress?
Am i doing a bad thing?
Is he giving me mixed signals?
How come girls are attracted to guys with short hair buy guys arent attracted to girls with short hair?
Do you think its easier for girls to get boyfriend than guys to get girlfriend(read here)?
Why did he say he doesn't care?
Why is the best thing to get over someone I find someone else? Seems counter active?
long distance relationship.?
Why does he ignore me infront of his girlfriend?
I think I really messed up, please help, I don't know what to do?!?
How to survive having lunch with a new friend?
Need advice about this guy?
A guy I like in my class?!?
So I got fingered for the first time but have a problem?
Girlfriend help. thanks for all answers?
HELP! He didn't respond?
Girls which countrie's men you find most ROMANTIC ,CHARMING,LOVING,CARING?
Resentful that guy I'm dating has been married before?
He betrayed me and hurt me... what do I do?
Still on about this boy.?
Am I being harsh on my boyfriend? please read I'm really worried!?
for girls who babysit, HELP!?
HELP! What doesn't he care about?
What should I do about this?
Good tips for practicing random conversations with girls?
how to get a girl to date me secretly?
Do you think it's possible for your spouse of?
for girls who babysit, HELP!?
Why americans white guys don't like latin girls for a serious relationship?
How to let boyfriend know I don't have much experience?
How Do I Get My Boyfriend to Trust Me?
what do i do? my 'best friend' done this and doesn't know i know, bitch?
Men, does how much a woman weighs matter to you?
I want to steal a girl from her boyfriend what should I do?
there is a girl and I like her but I thinks she is flitting with my friend I think?
What could you say to prevent a visit from your mother?
So I Got This Girl's Number?
How do I meet new girls?
When a guy says this after a lunch meet up?
im not sure if she likes me or not?
Can a christian guy date a girl for 4 years and not have sex?
Shall i go up to this guy? BOYS PREFERABLY?
what is the right thing for me to do?
Should you REALLY learn to laugh at yourself?
what should i do if my husband is not texting or calling me??
I slept with my best friends mother what should I do?
My boyfriend thinks I'm too slutty. What should I do?
How were fathers like in the 70s/early 80s?
Do you think that he misses me?
What action should I take? I think my wife is cheating on me.?
Why is it like that you HAVE to act in a way that you don't want/need her/him to get them?
what does it man when a guy tries to make you laugh?
how do I convince my wife that I don't want sex?
how do I convince my wife that I don't want sex?
how do I convince my wife that I don't want sex?
how do I convince my wife that I don't want sex?
When a guy acts funny and looks at you?
girls........in your opinion?
my gf is asking me to be dad for her kids, how will i do it if her ex is still around?
My girl friend told me many times that i look like her father, good thing ?
why are Asian men are so damn cute?
I think I really messed up, please help, I don't know what to do?!?
GUYS why doesn't he care?
Is it bad being nice?
What does it mean when my girl friend rolls her eyes at me?
Haven't eat anything since tueasday, jus drinking water!?
What does it mean when my girl friend calls me a handful?
Why do people keep telling me I need an attitude change?
We haven't talked since the trip?
why was this reported?
Boyfriend is away at a party school, causing anxiety?
Why is it whenever a guy seems interested in me, it never lasts long?
We haven't talked since Monday?
I dont understand why it is so big?
Is it bad for a girl to give you her home phone number?
My gf is being abuse at home her stepdad make her watch videos to make her skinny but she is already skinny?
Why he doing this? Help please?!?
GUYS what doesn't he care about?
Why would a guy want to change for a girl?
Will he text me back???????
How should I go about this?
How can i meet her with no time or money?
married stay at home pqrents, do you pack/make your spouses lunch?
Why can't my parents accept anything?
Does he still have feelings for me? Please answer!! Ill help you?
GUYS ANSWER: When a group of guys stare at you?
Am I making a mistake here?
How would I find this guy? Helllllllllpppppppp? 10 points?
My boyfriend hasnt contacted me in two days?
Indecisive gf, on & off with her, will she be back?
what do I do I'm very anxious?
asking someone out on Facebook?
What if girl hugs you ?
If I killed you because I loved you?
should i go back to my wife?
Why am i feeling this way about my girlfriend? Will it pass?
Please answer my question: Does he still have me in his heart?
17 year old, College student, and no girls are attracted to me.?
Is this a total no no in the dating rule book?
Birthday gift for my Girlfriends mom?
Lost my touch with girls?
Valentine's Day Gift Ideas Please?
Guys - What is \verbal intimacy\?
Why is my crush like this, need help?
i cheated on my boyfriend, should i tell him?
Im 14 How do I tell my mom I'm dating my best friends brother?!?
Why do people believe human life is so important?
My parents keep on having sex !?
What would you bring to a divorce party?
Is this a good way to finally say something to him? ( I will ans back + 20 points)?
Girlfriend hasn't talked to me since our fight?
Guys - what does these 2 terms mean?
Ladies: should your boyfriend buy you a bigger box of chocolates than he does for his.....?
The guy I like is now acting insecure?
Guys - please explain these \makes and breaks\?
What is wrong with these types of people?
When the heart decides something?
My girlfriend constantly teases me and Im getting tired of it' what should I do?
Black girls: Where do you hang out?
\Wink wink\ guy to guy?
Is my friend into me???? Please help?
Whats wrong with these kids today?
Does this girl sound interested?
how to be less shy! Please help me!!! :( :( :( :(?
Is he gay for texting \xoxo\ ?
What kind of jewlery should I get my girlfriend?
why doesn't he want me to sit next to him?
guys your opinions please and thank you :)))?
Do you think this girl is pretty or eh?
why is my brother so mean?
Why would someone feel alone even when they are spending time with friends?
Can't stand my boyfriend's dickish friend?
SHOULD I JUST TELL HIM THAT I CAN'T DATE HIM? HOW TO DO IT RIGHT?
Split from ex but pregnant after rendezvous, failed contraception, do I tell him?
my boyfriend doesn't seem to care about my feelings, how do I make him understand?
how do make it not awkward between me and my new boyfriend?
what to text a girl after 3 weeks of no contact?
does it mean your a whore if you have a tramp stamp?
Asking dr.who to a dance?
How do I get along with my roommate?
Need dating advice about relationship?
I'm 18 and my mom won't let me do anything?
Why are relationships so important?
did I overreacted......?
how to get girlz plz?
Used to be so close and now I hate her...?
I have been clean & sober since Feb of 2009 and wanted to know what s the best way to celebrate my 6 year anni?
Why do I suddenly regret abandoning my son?
My girlfriend has cheated on me now what do I do? I really need help Im going crazy...?
need to decided between what i want and what my parents want?
I Was Dumped By My Ex Months Ago, But Whats Going On?
Has the world gone mad?!?
Girls i have a question and I need your help?
Going to prostitutes, morally OK?
Going to prostitutes, morally wrong?
Could something be going on between us?! (boys and girls please)?
Friend always threatens to kill herself?
Is there something wrong with me ?
Will he text back??? What should I do?
I want to get my lip pierced but my husband dosnet like it?
How to show her were not friends?
This is about bullying?
what should i do when i feel bored ?
Is is wrong to do this?
how to maintain a love relationship with little money?
My ex is so confusing, also, she broke my heart. Help?
What would he think....?
Do women become interested in men that show interest in them or strictly guys that they have interest in?
Dating advice: Meeting a girl I had a small fling with a couple years back?
my brothers\girlfriend\ takes photos of me?!!?
How to deal with a friend who has cheated?
****what's the one thing you wonder about guys/girls or dating that you wish you had the answer to****?
Guys, am I being played?
Did I mess up with a lady I'm interested in?
Hi are love and sex tradeoffs?
Six years ago i was in line at the bank and this girl started talking to me, she wasvery freindly?
a guy asked me to his frat's mountain weekend, but I haven't heard from him in over 2 days?
Need relationship advice?
A DAD with a broken heart?
What did ur kid do when they found out this?
I finally got a job but my family wants money.?
if it happened 4 years ago does Anthony have any right to complain about it?
Not a girl, need some help...?
My parents keep on having !?
Is It Cool If I Tell Him He's HOT!?
I made A Sister in Christ cried, what can I do?
Can any guys 17-19 answer this question?
Does she like me or is just playing games.?
Young womens opinion needed direly! Daughter felt me up, what to do?
I've never had a boyfriend ?
is keeping eye contact intimate?
scared of losing virginity?
Can I get trouble for keeping these pictures?
He told me to go and kill myself?
Was I considered an orphan?
How to deal with insults about your looks?
I don't want children with my fiancé!?
Are these signs of my crush liking me?
Is it morally questionable to ask friend to sleep with you as favour?
break up is killing me?
I don't get why this girl likes me?
Son told aunt he hated her?
Why can't I make any friends ?
Am I overreacting about LDR?
does he want me back or is this breakup permanant? please please help me?
Girl all of a sudden not responding. What do you guys think? Not interested or playing hard to get?
Are we ever gonna be boyfriend and girlfriend answer please?
is my boyfriend cheating?
GIRLS: What would you do if you were shopping, and you saw a guy staring at you so you looked at him..........?
Is this fate? Are we meant to be?
My BFF has moved but she didnt tell me!?
Guys: do you feel more powerful than women when you have sex?
Should i continue to fight for her?
what does it mean when a guy asks can i tell you something but then doesnt?
In a relationship what is an emotional connection?
Hy guys i would like to ask a question that. many of you might have faced in your life?
He Wouldn't do all of this just to land me in bed, Would he?
No experience with girls at 20. Feeling sad?
How can some people be so clueless and stupid?
I cheated on my partner and I impregnated another woman. Can I keep the child a secret from my current partner?
GUYS what does he mean?
How old did you start having sex?
My guy friend got angry when i told him love him?
WILL HE TEXT ME BACK?
how do i last long on bed with my woman? what are things i need to done first?
Why is it that the girls that you want are always the hardest to get?
how to make lots of friends?
How would you describe the ticklish feeling?
Do boys lose interest really fast when a girl doesn't want to do stuff with them or what am I doing wrong?
Men, over time have you ever developed romantic feelings for a female friend?
There is a girl that flirt with me and i am not shore if it is fun or serious flirting.?
How much of a difference is a 6.5 and 7.0 for a ring?
Will things work out?
Insecurity in relationship, Please help! how to overcome?
I like this girl overseas and i can't see her?
Do you have an annoying mother in law?
Will he ever text me back?????????
Hey I like this girl but i am to nervous to talk to her any tips or advice?
interested in a girl?
What should I do? I just don't know.?
Should I tell him I will leave forever?
What should I do about my exam tomorrow?
17 year old girlfriend hates sex.. Help Me Please!?
My girlfriend has changed so much I don't know whether I should end it or wait?
Are you dating or single?
how do i avoid break up on my relationship?
what does it mean ???
he wants me to look him the eyes-is there a second meaning?
how old is good enough for a lady to get marry?
He will not marry me, how to leave him?
how to make a lady fall in love with you naturally?
Need help with girlfriend situation (will provide best answer)?
Boys, do you think it possible between a 20 year old guy and a 28 year old woman?
Im pretty sure my best friend hates me:(!?
Girls what do you think about guys who hang out by themselves?
My ex wouldn't bring my child to the door, what should I have done?
how to not care about a girl.?
black and white people?
should i marry my single mom girlfriend?
why do people stay in unhappy marriages?
does this mean he doesnt love me? his question was confusing.?
How do you deal with a \friend\ that's really dramatic?
Is my daughter into girls?
does a guy feel bad if a girl doesnt reply to his I love u text?
I love my best friend, I'm afraid of loosing her so I've kept my love a se?
How do you think I look? I am really uncertain as I think I am pretty ugly. Thanks for your honest answer!?
guy advise??? is he mad?
why would a guy be sarcastic and say i dont love him?
Can an ex still be best friends ? is she leading me on ?
What does it mean when people look at each other in the eyes, attraction?
how can i forget my bf? answer pls i beg u guys?
i hang out with this guy and i have started having feeling for him?
How can i seduce my boyfriend on a formal date?
How can I get along well with my father?
Girl wears strapped dresses to church, is it to impress a guy?
Why is he doing this to me?
Guys i need your opinion on this please!?
Am i just heartless or what?
When last you had sex?
Attracted to my Saints Row 4 character?
should i change way i dress/make up for boyfriend?
Is It NORMAL that my mother asks me to vacuum the entire apartment every other DAY?
Why I miss my ex? advice?
Why did he ignore me? Please help!?
Does anyone else feel like this?
I like this girl and i think she wants my attention?
Should my boyfriend wait for me to get into the house safely when he drops me off?
Will he like knowing I was horny?
Girls, is this something to worry about ? Really short question !?
Is it weird to be a virgin at 28?
what age is best to start relationship?
Why do American men think they can get any foreign woman they want?
How to have sex with teacher?
Guy problem help guys?
Guys, is he just sexually attracted to me or likes me?
Should mens marry?(want reply from older married guys)?
My ex girlfriend is confusing me!!!?
Thinking about having sex with my brother... And have gender issues. Confused...?
As a guy would you not want this?
If a guy hangs out with his friend while his girlfriend is over....is it normal?
How can you tell if a girl likes you?
Im scared of the kid my parents are fostering?
My parents keep on having sex !!?
Why has he stopped talking to me? I thought he liked me?
Men: Would you be willing to wear an engagement ring?
Does this Russian guy have feelings for me?
Wedding gowns for the 'smaller' women?
was my bf being rude?
Is he interested/attracted to me?
Budget wedding: what can we take off the list?
Does your society still practice the system of Arranged Marriage ?
Would you rather chase a 7.5 your whole life and get treated like crap or have a solid 5.5?
How do I approach in talking to a guy I like?
According to him I smell good..?!?
10 Points most Helping!! If I'm spending the night at his place, what should I expect?
why do some people look down on unmarried woman?
Why is being a virgin or even dying one considered a negative thing?
Was it just a hookup or is he interested in dating?
What did he mean by this?
I am completely shattered. What do I do?
Why has he stopped talking to me? I thought he liked me?
Does she like me? She may have a boyfriend...?
Why can't guys admit when there is something wrong in a relationship?
would it be wierd going on a date if im 19 and shes 21?
How can I stop them from making love !?
Friend's girlfriend has his balls in a jar?
Will my ex still have to pay child maintenance?
How to get over being shy after he kisses me?
Do I have a chance with her?
I asked out a girl i dont like?
Why did she take a picture of me?
my girlfriend is sleeping with me for the first time what should I do?
Do most guys like playing with a girls hair?
First boy question...?
So, the hubby thinks I am being too bossy?
Hello friends....! I want your help?
Can using too much toothpaste to clean retainer make you sick?
What do you call your parents?
Moved in with boyfriend and the passion died, How can I rekindle the spark?
I am deployed and have nothing to talk to my wife about.?
Should I have a girlfriend right now?
Is a girl checking her guys phone regularly (to see if he's cheating) a sign she is hiding something?
I'm telling my boyfriend about this dark secret I've been keeping........help?
I'm telling my boyfriend about this dark secret I've been keeping.....help?
Guys: How Would You React If You Found Out The Girl You're Dating Said Some Mean Stuff Behind Your Back?
i asked out a girl i dont like?
What are signs that a girl is cheating on her guy?
How to move on from this insanity?
Do guys/men like girls without makeup?
i can talk to any girl easly but when it come to a girl i like like i seem to get really nervous?
Guys, am I being played?
How do I get this guy to like me?
Did I do the wrong thing?
Can I get in trouble for keeping nudes a girl sent me?
My parents keep on having !?
My grandma died early yesterday morning?
How do I tell him that I like him?
Does this guy like me? How can I tell him that I like him?
Is this wrong? About LOVE!!! MATURE ONLY?
I WANT A BOYFRIEND SO BAD HALP MEH?
Is It Cool If I Tell Him I Think He's HOT!?
is it wrong to be going for more then one girl in high school?
My parents keep on having !?
What makes a man pursue you from another country then turn cold when he gets back why waste 2 months? bizarre!?
He says he is Christian....but doesnt act like one?
Why does she stare at me all the time?
How do you get close to a boy who I asked for prom???
What will happen on a neglect chg for leaving my three kids with there dad who was drunk?
Is it ok to look through your girlfriend's text messages?
What determines the traits we find attractive?
girls.Serious question about stereotypes of height and penis size.?
guy/girl advise? did I make him mad?? should I even care if I did?
Another one... Does he like me?
Ever liked someone so much?
i'm really confused about this?
Do you think an American should date illegal aliens?
How can i get over my short temper? My husband is a good man he likes jokes and i love him very much.?
my friend is so much prettier than me?
Do girls want to be comforted or given space when dealing with ex-bf problems?
what does a teenage girl look for in a guy?
What to do about one of those really toxic so-called friends??
Why are people called slots if they hang out with boys?
I dont know what do with myself anymore?
Boyfriend trouble.. Please help!? 10 points best answer?
Is the first time that painful? sex?
How can i stop liking her?
yes or no honesty is the best policy in marriage ?
I'm about to have my first kiss, and I'm scared. HELP!?
My girlfriend wants me to worship her feet everyday?
What's Happening With This Friendship?
What to do tomorrow with him?
Newly Dating: What To Get My Boyfriend?
I think my boyfriend has feelings for his ex wife! Please help!! 5 stars best answer !!!?
Am I Being Played By My Boyfriend?
Should I get back together with my ex?
dont know what to do plz HELP!!!!!?
Student teacher hits on me?
How do I make a girl regret doing me wrong?
fine line between friendship and something more?
Is This a sign if interest?
Should I text him again?
IS their something I can do in this friendship?
when you wear leggings or yoga pants do you wear a short shirt - or a long one to cover your butt?
I like this girl overseas and i can't see her?
I'm 14, I'm babysitting my 4 year old sister and I can't get her to go to sleep...what should I do?
how do I break up with my girl that I been with for two years and raised her kid and she had some oneelses dur?
I hate being 13 years old!?
Explain how timing made a big difference in you getting something you really wanted?
guys, do you flirt just to be friendly...?
Guys - can appearance really deceive?
My boyfriend bruised me.. would you consider this abusive?
GUYS & GIRLS PLEASE ANSWER?
help with baby names..middle names?
Should i be mad my girl got two male strippers on her 18 bday with her aunt?
help with baby names..middle names?
I think God made me wrong. How do I find someone to appreciate me? Where is the girl of my dreams?
Why do females chase after guys they cant have ?
Is it bad that I want to do this when I get older?
What do boys like in a girl?
Guys opinions? My boyfriend says sex only feels good at the end?
Is it normal for my boyfriends dick to hang down when hard?
My husband has not gotten me a gift for X mas 2 years in a row, should I be mad/upset?
How can I make friends?
Why Do People Want to Be In Committed Relationships ?
How to get my mom to let me be myself?
I feel like what my school did was unfair...?
This girl is hard to read!?
Is it strange that my wife still thinks about my stepdaughter's father?
My crush told me he loves me. What now?
Ok now i have another girl dilemma?
Is is bad that I want to do this?
I'm upset at this girl, what do I do?
Guys, what does you're ideal girl look like?
Is there something wrong with me? Never know what to say?
Why does my husband keep getting mad at me for something I cannot help?
Does he like me back?
What can i say to the girl that i like that is really sweet?
How can i stop liking her?
My mom thinks I'm depressed...?
HELP! why do i fall inlove so easly? how to stop it?
Is it okay that my bofriend and his ex are best friends..?
Women only, please help.?
What do I tell my brother about him being engaged to a girl who doesn't know what she wants?
How do i tell if a guy likes me?
women - what do you think of the saying if you've got it flaunt it - do you agree?
I think my mom has a boyfriend?
How to reply when a guy says 'not as sweet as you'?
Does everyone go through a phase that they don't really like any of their friends, or is it just me?
is it ok to look through someones phone?
Should I just go for it?
read this conversation and tell me what she meant please.?
My friends always ignore me and I'm SICK of it.?
tomorrow , im going to talk to this really sweet and pretty girl?
How do you reinvent yourself?
I have no purpose in life?
My boyfriend wants to take a break?
Friend is a fucking slut?
As an athiest, why should I be forced to support the religious institution of marriage through taxes?
I’m A Good Man & I Don’t Know What’s Wrong With Women Today?
how to make out with my girlfriend?
Is He Distancing Himself From Me?
how can i talk to this quiet girl?
How long should I wait before contacting my Ex?(Serious please help)?
I just got out of the shower and...?
Being harassed by ex-crush? I'll answer yours?
How do I keep my distance?
How long should I wait before contacting my Ex?(Serious please help)?
Always so sad? Why? Any comforting advice?
my bf said he liked the way my butt feels?
scared of future??help?
Does he really love me?
guys what do u think of me ?
How do I tell someone I appreciate them ?
friend smokes weed anddddd?
I told my ex that I had sex with my friend....?
I could use some help please?
Cute nicknames for a guy named Greg?
How long should I wait to contact my Ex again?
Is she a bad friend or am I?
How can I tell if a girl is checking me out?
Tips on How to Tell if a girl likes me?
13!Boys!Boobs!Yogas!Help!?
I think forming a family is a stupid idea?
Cheating Boyfriend & His Messy Bothers. I Need Advice. NO Rude Advice :\\?
Girlfriend Wont Have Sex With Me. Even Shes Not a Virgin?
How do i talk to a girl i have a crush on?
There's this one really messed up girl at my school.?
Is This Normal???????
My sister paid me to draw something for her, now she's taking credit for it?
My moms forcing religion on me. What do I do?
Boyfriend Troubles. Help? (10 POINTS.)?
3 girls keep checking me out? what am i supposed to do?
My Ex-Girlfriend wants us to \move on?\?
I dont have friendship with girls because of my attitude.?
making out on the couch?
Girl on top? (Ladies)?
how come nobody likes black girls?
opinions or experiences with interracial dating?
Should i trust him on this?
Is it normal if a friends mom saw your Penis?
Can \ we \ be fixed?
how to be less awkward and nervous around my boyfriend?
I told my ex that I had sex with my friend.....?
How do I respond to a guy that I like when he asks me out?
How to confront a friend who is having hard time in his life?
Why did my friend just leave us?
first time dates do,s and donts?
How does a shy boy talk to a shy girl?
Girls what do you think about guys who hang out by themselves?
Period sex tips/tricks?
Women only please need help with a women.?
What did he mean? Please help?
Does he like or is he just player ?
I want my husband to give me more sex?
Are quiet people better than you?!?
Guys help me out please!! I'll answer you. Did I mess it up? Does he like me? 10pts!?
Gift ideas? Please help! Ill answer yours?
What is the proper way to ask a mature woman out.?
My boyfriend broke down crying, what should I do?
This girl I like keeps calling me a dork?
Worried about my guy friend- thinks he's in love. Help?
Recently lost 75 lbs, not fat anymore so looking for people to rate me?
Does he like me? PLEASE ANSWER?
Why does she always say this to me?
Did I do something wrong?
Guys & girls help me please... Is this bad sign? Did he try to blow me out? 10pts! Help me?
Guys, am I being played?
Please help guys: really short need alot of opinions!!!!! Please help?
How do i get over being socially awkward?
I like being alone so much it prevents me from having a relationship?
Can i save my relationship?
Do I end our friendship?
What does it mean \dont expect a normal husban wife relationship\ dont expect miracles.?
My crush started ignoring me?
He only texted me once?
I'm trying to get over him and I keep thinking of good and bad times?
Trying to Convert to Thong Underwear?
How do I work on my cruelty?
I have a boyfriend but I am still deeply in love with my ex? Help?
Please help: what does this all mean??? Please help :(?
hey Michelle , just send me ur email address or something so u can talk to me?
Birthday for Girlfriend?
Does she like me or something?
My girlfriend still logs on the dating site we met on, should I be worried?
My husband doesn't like to talk about issues. Help?
QUICK! Should I text him?!?
I don't know what to do in this long distance relationship?
Was is it with men that never reply??? Why don't they reply?
Is it okay to date her?
Is he into me or just talking to me to pass time?
why wont my boyfriend leave me?
Am I just being mature or I just don't have balls to do anything?
My grandma prefers a molester than her daughter!? help!!?
guys opinions please?
When is the average time to have sex?
Should I tell my ex about my new boyfriend?
Should I tell my ex about my new boyfriend?
He only texted me once?
my gf is rating people on instagram?
Does my husband have a drinking problem?
She responds to my texts, but ignores me at school?
why are boys/ men are so whiny now?!?!?!?
Should I be brave and try to talk to him again? Mixed crush signals?
My ex-bf ignores me but I still LOVE HIM?
A teacher saw me and my boyfriend kiss?
signs showing that a boy likes you?
Girls what do you Think about guys that hang out by themselves?
Dilemma in feelings about my boyfriend?
Why is kissing another woman an excuse for being nervous about the wedding?
Is there a song that describes my breakup?
what does it mean when someone calls you a jewel in the haystack?
Why aren't men ever ready to get married?
Need some answers? Please :)?
how should i deal with my friends wanting to smoke weed in the cemetery where my dad is buried?
Is it bad to have 3 crushes?
how do I get him to leave me alone?
Should I dump him because he's not over his ex?
(Guys only) Please answer my question!!!?
Is THIS the Weirdest Break Up?
i need help so bad, my ex and our problems?
Mom told me to shut up, so I said it back. Now what?
I'm not sure he likes me??? PLEASE ANSWER?!?!?
He flirts with me but says he doesnt like me?
what to do if nobody likes you?
He won't stop sending me pictures of his @$$hole.?
Is it weird that me and my girlfriend don't talk everyday?
HELP what doesn't he care about?
Why is it whenever a guy seems interested in me, it never lasts long?
I went my first date tonight with this girl but she wouldn't kiss me, why?
How to know if you truely love someone?
How to get a boy to like you more?
Why doesn't he put effort toward me?
What do I do while my boyfriend kisses my neck?
I am currently pregnant with our 4th child and i think i have decided that i dont want?
My parents get in a lot of arguments?
What to do about an old friend?
What does it mean when he says this?
What should I get my grandfather?
My gf says I have a big butt?
GUYS- what you date someone who: ...?
The Myseterious Case of MY BOYFRIEND?
Should i talk to him or just not say anything at all???
When a woman won't date you but says i wish my boyfriend was more like you. What does this mean?
GUYS why doesn't he care?
I am confused about this guy?
Is this her hinting she likes me?
I feel \embarrassed\ because my girlfriend is fat, advice?
General Question for help?
how do i get him to tell me that he likes me or not?
If a man becomes physically violent towards their partner while drinking should they quit drinking?
Should I get back with her?
I asked her to prom and she said \I'll see\?
Pleass help: boys???What does it mean when ur friend purposely picks ur test to grade???
So confused.......help?
How to meet more people who have the same interests as you?
. H. E. L. P its stuck in my head?
Is it crazy to be crying?
Why does my ex also keep staring at me?
Why do people get mad when you say i only date inside my race?
want my girlfriend's first time to be special?
Is there anything I can do?
How to talk to this girl I like? please help!?
Confronting the girl who is flirting with my boyfriend?
Is height an exclusive male trait?
What is wrong with black men?
Guy I'm in love with doesn't like me because of religion differences?
I'll answer yours! So embarrassed in front of my crush?!?
How can i make a great first impression on my crush?
Guys: What is your first thought when you find out that a girl likes you?
How do you break up with someone without hurting them too bad?
How do I get over my ex?
How do I tell a guy I don't like him anymore?
How do you calm down an angry father when you bring home bad grades?
This girl keeps copying me?
What do you think about my looks?
Should I ask her out?
Am I a horrible person..?
I want to continue this relationship but dntr know how?
hey Apple its michelle with the teddy bear picture ...you online ? i added u ask a contact! can we talk the an?
Did she just get a crush on me or somethng?
i am in love with a girl that works in sears store what should i tell her?
Important question, highschool, what should i do?
Should I disobey my Mum and go visit my friends?
Broke up with my boyfriend?
guys/girls why didnt he respond?????
How do I handle my ex bf trying to kll himself and his family blaming me for it?
Is it good when you tell someone you like them and they say it's cute?
How do men know what you want?
Would you date a guy in a wheelchair?
What can I do? Hello?
Nervous, I don't know how to flirt?
why does she seem to complain when around me?
My mom doesn't trust me? Best answer will be chosen tonight!?
Would you still go out with a guy you had a crush on if you found out he used eye pencil for brows?
I'll answer yours! So embarrassed in front of my crush?!?
My boyfriend wants me to pay for this date! Is he being fair?
what should I do with my ex?
Why is he telling me these things?
I am in Houston, Texas I am estranged from my spouse since last May 2013....?
Someone answer, asked before and received no answers?
How to talk to this girl I like? please help!?
how do guys feel when rejecting a girl who has feelings for them?
I split from my ex girlfriend but want to get back with her.She now has someone else and I'm heartbroken?
guys this guy said he liked me but i dont like him back how do i tell him without breaking his heart?
This girl always happy and say hi to me?
Do you \follow\ people back if you think they are attractive?
should i let my ex move in?
Why is my crush like this?
What does it feel like to kiss a guy with a mustache?
How long should I wait for him to text me?
if a woman get disabled an draws her husbands ss a they divorce dose she still draws of husbands ss?
how to have a good conversation with a group of girls?
How do I get my boyfriend super horny over text?
Which girl is prettier?
18 year old step daughter FLIRTING WITH ME, Feeling me up?
My husband won't give me food, controls me. Is this abuse?
NEED AN ANSWER. Prom?
Something sweet to text your crush?? GIRLS?
What does this mean?!?
Can a co signer be removed from a house loan? (VA Loan)?
How do I work in this girl situation?
I hate everything about my life :(?
How long should I wait for him?
What should I do when I hear members of my family arguing?
How do I tell someone I'm not their friend?
theres this girl in my class who is really pretty and i wanna talk to her, but?
What do I do about my crush?
There's this guy, I fell inlove with him 10 months ago?
Why can I not stop thinking I messed up?
Did he brake up with me?
I just got fired from my job. What excuse do I give my Mom when she finds out?
I get the impression she is not interested in talking to me, I need someone's opinion?
Why do I feel this way during KISSING a guy?
How can i resolve this problem with my family, before my wedding?
Boyfriends Birthday..HELP?? 10 points for a helpful answer.?
Is it ethical for a divorce attn charge to change a court date if they are the ones unable to be there?
I asked a girl to a school dance and she said that she was going with a group, is that a rejection?
Explain why it seems nice guys never prosper..including myself? Is it true a asshole is more appealing?
Why didn't he try to rape me?
How would you ignore everyone at school?
17 years old and haven't had a girlfriend...?
Men who have cheated, what was your reason for doing so?
Is it wrong to be friends with a racist?
What should I do with this boy?
Is he still going to ask me?
Why did he react like this?
What does it mean when he sends you a nude?
How come everyone is dating someone, but me?
how do i help my dad with depression?
She has boyfriend...what now?
need revenge ideas?!?!?
Why don't my parents just get a divorce?!?
Why do men like to kiss?
Should I move schools?
Was I a jerk or did she overreact?
Why did he give me this?
How do I make talk interesting with a guy?
Would you count this as cheating on your boyfriend?
My Mom is soon to be 90 and she has macrodegeneration, what hope does she have ?
Would he try again after a couple months?
I NEED URGENT HELP!! Please can someone help me!? 10 points!?
I killed my friend what should I do?
my boyfriends parents have a picture of my ex hanging on their wall?!?
What is Facebook like?
Any advice on how to talk to girls!!!!??
Why is he acting weird all of a sudden?
why is he acting this way?
any advice regarding daughters contact with dad?
I think he's interested but...?
Should I talk to him more?? Please answer?????? Does he like me?
Feel like a misfit in school?
Guys: Do you hate it when girls have short hair?
Is it okay to have guy on the side when your hubby is driving you nuts?
What do I do about this situation with my boyfriend?
If you're invited to a wedding abroad, who pays?
How to get a guy to take a hint?!?!?
I need some help figuring out some things (ex problems)?
im so confused about what to do????? Help!!?
Have you ever had a guy come back (very short)?
My Friend Starting Cutting Herself?
Why wont my boyfriend leave me?
You stand by your friends in their hours of need?
I can't deal with my best friend anymore! Help!?
what do you do when someone is talking about you at work?
Not really a question! :)?
What should I get my boyfriend for our 6 month anniversary?
Moving away from my friends?
Do I still like him and if so, what should I do?
How would a 8/9 year old react to death of somebody close?
My girlfriend really struck a nerve, how should i react to what she said!?
Does he like me as a girlfriend or just a crush??
GUYS what does he mean?
My girlfriend left me because she has feelings for someone else :-(?
How to be popular? 10pts?
Can't forget this girl?
How does it feel to be in love?
Please help...I'm really bothered by this. I will answer your question.?
My Wife Fulfilled My Fantasy. Any Advice On How To Handle Things Going Forward?
Is it odd that my brothers friends are 4 years younger?
Body language: im confused??
My boyfriend thinks calling him is better then texting him.?
Did my sisters get their first relationships at around the same age?
What was the stupidest fight you've ever gotten into with your spouce?
Please answer! I'm confused and don't know what to think?
Age most people these days lose their virginity At?
Can husband be a friend or he always dominate wife?
Hearing Love songs when in love? Good or bad?
Can i sue my \friend\ for invasion of privacy/emotional distress ?
Does my dog have a crush on me?
I just obey to family and friends are hate me?
what do i do??i am not a slut?
Never met My father.?
how do I stop becoming shy?
Relationship advice preferably from a psychologist?
My mother takes out her frustrations on me? What do I say to her?
I am 26 years old and my parents are treating me like I am still a teenager?
Why does this girl do this?
Ex Boyfriend wants to meet after a month apart?
What to do when someone likes you but you like someone else?
Where is a good spot for an outdoor wedding near Chicago? I have 150-175 guests?
Does my father love me?
Would you rather date someone that was poor but earned their money by working?
Why Would Her Dad Do This?
Can someone tell me what the hell is going on between us?!?!?!?
What does it mean when you look at a girl and she blush?
What does it mean when a guy does this? Please answer?
Abuser Wants To Come To Wedding?
Girl wears strapped dresses to church, is it to impress a guy?
how to gain confidence?
My boyfriend cheated i dont know what to do?
Girls Only, please be honest, does it turn you off if a guy gets nervous and shy around you(10 points)?
Was this sexual abuse?
was i wrong to tell my bf about my insecurity?
Before my friend gets married and moves on, I want to pay him for a small sexual favor. Is this ok?
Have i lost my husband for good?
So tired of being single. Why don't men approach me?
At what temperature does fire freeze (i.e. turn from a gas into a solid)?
Is he a hard face cheater?
I feel nervous around my teacher because I like him?
HELP PLEASE?! IM SO SHY :'(?
Boyfriend is into 'adultery' categorized porn?
How to know when it's time for a break?
What's his problem?
how can i find relatives in guacamayas michoacan?
What if girl hugs you ?
Why does my ex keep bothering me?
Dna test to find out if she is family?
She has boyfriend? what now?
Need help from a girls point of view what to do next please & thank you ?
Guys why do you like to spend more time with your mates?
I met a local guy on the internet help?
are all men about respect and why is it so important?
What should i get my boyfriend of 6 months for valentines?
What does this mean?!?!?!? Please help!!?
Does she want to watch a movie...or more?? 10 points.?
Does she want to watch a movie...or more?? 10 points.?
Friend will not stop talking about the same topics and keeps bragging?
should I end this relationship?
i wish i could be a virgin for him?:/?
How I ask this girl out?
When should i expect it?
What do you do when your losing your dearest best friend?
Any advice or help please?
My friend has a crush on me!?
Dating and finding guys my age?
Your experiences of finding someone who loves you when you're overweight?
I was talking to this boy and he can't look at me in the eyes? why?
Best friend dating ex?
What's normal? What's weird?
Is it possible to be in love in middle school?
Do you think he cares about me again?
What do i do in this situation?
is it ok to try and ask a friend on a mutual agreement to try sex?
Dating a girl that had sex with over 20 men.?
what should I do about my girlfriend being on dateing sites online?
who would you kiss in your contact list?
How come I dont get off from sex? i cant orgasm..how can i fix this?
Guys, am I being played?
My boyfriend used to have live sex sessions before he met me?
Is excessive stress from my fiancé (baby's dad) a good reason to leave him ?
guys what is your opinion on this?
What exactly is a girlfriend?
My mum is becoming crazy these days ?! its not a joke ..?
my girls pussy is really loose and deeper then it used to be is she cheating?
My boyfriend always tells me what's what?
does he like me at all?
Advice needed! Especially from a guy's perspective!?
Fat, lonely, what do I do?
How to reject a guy nicely?
I think a lot...about everything!!!?
guys what is your opinion?
What am I supposed to say to her tomorrow? :///?
the guys i like's grandfather passed away?
Do I have to pay child support before we are divorced?
My In-laws showed up as my Bridesmaids to my wedding without asking me!!?
How can I fix the communication in my marriage?
What should I do? Help please?
Girl wants to set me up with her good friend but it is taking her forever!?
Who will cheer me up?
Im a Turkish guy and I really do like Arabian girls from the middle east. How to approach them for a relation?
i dont know what to do?
Is it normal to want sex when talking to strangers?
If a fully black person dates a mixed person, is it still a interracial relationship?
Does this sound cute or clingy to text to someone your dating?
Poll - In a relationship, have you ever been cheated on....?
What should I say when talking dirty to him during sex?
ladies would you have a problem dating a guy?
Differences in the way we act?
Is there any hope for this relationship?
??w often do you change your bra/brassier in a week (ladies only) answers needed?
What do u think about dating a nerd ?
Familly Issue please help?
iv had a crush on my bestfriend for a year now, what should i do? should i tell her or not? HELP PLEASEE?
why would girls have sex with a guy but wont be in a relationship with him?
seeking marriage advice.?
He cancelled the wedding we planned after we had court wedding.?
All my friends saw me naked... what do I do?
Im in a big prob can u hlp me out?
Low cost or no cost gift for 8th Anniversary?
Do I need counselling? still not moved on from break up since 5 years?
How does she know how i look like. She sending me nud pics should i report this to the police?
Is this good present for my boyfriends 18th birthday? please read!?
Are guys intimidated by me or what?
Guys, would you choose a Fat girl over a Thin girl?
What can I do for my friends mom?
MY FIRST AND ONLY LOVE { GOT REJECTED}?
I think I'm a demigod?
How do I stay in the middle of the group?
My best friend is not nice to me.please help and advice me.?
Is my guy friend into me or just looking for a good time?
What should i do? 10 points for sure?
how long until the withdrew from weed goes away?
Do you think under different circumstances things would have been different? NO BULLIES.?
My gf is angry wid me.. fault was mine.. i had sent msgs to her frnds .due to which she is angry.?
This girl I sorta know keeps bothering me...?
I help my mom with everything and she never even thanks me!!!!?
I think my mom has a lover?
Why does my ex feel the need to apologize then call me names after he has lied and I found out about it?
How do I get this guy to ask me for my contact information?
do u think he might actually like me?
I suck at getting to know people?
How Can I Find A Girl I Haven't Seen For 5 Years?
My best friend has changed so much?
Should I respect my parents wishes or do what I want?
Can you possibly like two people at once?
Have you gotten a hug from anyone online or offline yet?
why do i feel so jealous of everyone and put myself down so bad?
Do you Think my Boyfriend will be surprised that I am a virgin still?
im 20 and never had a girlfriend what should i do?
Should i tell her the truth ?
I have been with my boyfriend for 6 months now all we do is fight and argue but I love him so much .?
Is it ok if I have sex with him?
Are short replies necessarily bad?
Anxiety / Break up problems?
Is it true that a BOY would decide what to do with a girl in the first 60secs he sees her & dont change it?
what do girls think if a guy does not smile back at her?
Jos A Banks Suit Quality?
Everything is just SO Beautiful now that I am in Love?
I thought I would be okay with my husband going to a strip club.?
how to say \i like you\ without actually saying it?
Should I get back with my verbally abusive partner?
My dad thinks giving me a gift will solve everything?
How do I know if a boy likes me? PLEASE HELP!?
What would you do if someone fooled you?
Girls your valued opinion on this please?
She says she cherishes then does this. Does she love me but shy coz she says subject makes her uncomfortable.?
So she lead me on or she did like me?
Was this a bad idea on my part?
How should I handle my gf talking to her ex?
How to get a guy to like you ? Or know what he's doing? Long but best answer?
Is kissing considered cheating?
why do darker men prefer white girls over me, and white men don't have problems with my skin color ?
What are good birthday gifts for my boyfriend?
How can I get the love of my life back?
Do you want children then get married or married then children?
GIRLS ONLY! What to do to win a girls heart?
Should I ask my brother if he's going to choose me as his best man?
What should I do in this situation?
Why its bad to be in relationship with 30 years old woman?
Does this count a rape??? Am I in the wrong?
Do you move your funiture about naked?
What is my skin color ?
How to deal with the confrontation of breaking up with this guy?
what should i do about our relationship?
So, is he just a big ol' liar?
Huge introvert who can't seem to be confident in myself?
I like him and always flirt with him via text?
I cnt forgive my mom she evil.?
Boyfriend wants to call me his 'girl'?
Are there ANY good guys anymore?
what would you do, what would you choose?
why do i want to get back with him even if he didnt treat me right?
Why doesn't my father like to talk about his past?
My husband is smoking and it's hurting me?
Mixed feelings about ex boyfriend..had to cut off contact again, after 5 years?
Did I say the wrong thing or what?
How can I turn a casual conversation into flirting?
Can you still be friends with your ex?
Could use some advice on this tricky situation.?
was I abused or am I overexaggerating?
My ex is annoying !!?
How can I make a girl feel better ?
I told my crush I liked him, I told him on friday over facebook. What do I do know? more in details.?
This may seem weird...but does this guy like me?
Isn't she matured enough?
IF A PERSON PUT ALL THEIR ASSEST IN FAMILY MEMBERS NAMES CAN THEY STILL GET CHARGED FOR CHILD SUPPORT?
Is my girl cheating... worse still, is she a call girl?
What are good goodnight texts I can send to my girlfriend?
Tell me reasons to love and appreciate condoms?
HELP! No one is answering?
Girl friend is too loud when we have intercourse... how i mute her?
I think my girlfriend is cheating on me ?
Guys what are some turn offs for you?
whats the nicest way to tell a girl its over?
Dating guy soon after he broke up with his girlfriend?
Girls would u...........?
Why does my crush stares at me and other girls!!?
Has my husband's past ruined our sex life now?
Is it ok for my girlfriend to go out for drinks with a male friend?
22 and never had a girfriend?
My \friends\ keep taking my lunch money, what can i do to stop this?
Ladies, do you think this man has bad hair?
I'm straight but I'm not really sexually attracted to guys anymore?
Does my friend, a boy, \like\ me?
my bf likes me but feels bad for his ex !?
Can't tell if this girl likes me or not..?
What is he trying to do? is dat sign of playboy? or liking or hate feeling lol?
Can i marry my 2nd cousin (my fathers fathers brothers daughters daughter)help me !?
What is wrong in minor marriage?
GUYS no one is answering my question?
Possible sexual assault?
How do you act like your not attracted to someone?
Is it possible to have a crush on your teacher?
Boyfriend kissed me on my porch? meaning?
I have sexual feelings for an older married coworker who stays at my place.?
Should I say something?
GIRLS: Talking to my ex?
He's 20 I'm 16? 10 points best answer!?
Should I just go to his game?
Why do women divorce good men because they are bored and marry abusive men?
How do you tell a boy you don't like them anymore?
HELP! Was his reaction bad? I'll answer yours!?
parents dont want me dating, but iv never had a boyfriend, and i really like this guy..?
Special best friend gift?
So embarrassed on what \I\ posted on her profile pic?
Why don't I believe that I am pretty?
The girl I love, loves me, but also loves someone else?
Are guys crazy for virgins if she is beautiful or a used girl but whose even more beautiful?
Girls only place him on the looks scale?
How do I get over my ex-boyfriend?
Why does the male species run away from me?
do guys ever miss or think about their ex girlfriends?
when a kind guy becomes very meAn, what does it mean?
why wont he reply to my message?
Has my mums been molestering me?
Has my mums been molestering me?
my Little 7 year old brothers birthday is in 3 DAYS!!! and i have no money for a present what do I do???!!!!!?
I dream of having a baby but been single since my fiance left me 5 years ago but it could still happen right?
Do you think my boyfriend (at the time) was being selfish?
When should you meet someone you have been chatting with online?
When you have mutually agreed to never talk to each other then?
how to deal with a selfish friend who demands attention?
Girls what are your thoughts of a 21 year old virgin?
GUYS: what does it mean?
Will a guy ever want more from me?
how can I persuade my dad?
What does she mean? This text? Idojt understand?
Why do guys laugh at me?(PICS INCLUDED)?
What kind of relationship is this?
My boyfriend cried on the phone?
Should I forget him? Please help?
My girlfriend is 14 almost 15 in June and I'm 17 and 18 in December is that bad..?
Who is the right one in this situation?
girlfriend made a mistake while drunk...how can i get over it?
My ex boyfriend still kisses me and holds my hand what does this mean?
when a guy says 2 different things, which one is true? he doesnt love me?
Help! My boyfriend is trying to break up with me! I think?
my girl friend has a crush on my best friend, what do I do?
my younger brother beats me up?
what would you do? serious problem?
What is my nationality?
What can I get this girl that I know (and to be honest, rather like) for her birthday?
What to do when your horny?
The girl I love, loves me, but also loves someone else?
HE SAID HE LIKES ME. NOW HE'S ACTING WEIRD.. WHAT TO DO?
I find it hard to make and keep female friends?
Could he be cheating??
Is it wrong to fancy someone two years younger than you?
Why does she stare at me?
Is it weird to be a virgin at 28?
What would call this feeling?
First impressions of this guy? (asking females)?
HE SAID HE LIKES ME. BUT NOW ITS WEIRD. HELP?!?
I poured a Bowl of cereal for my bff?
My crush is excited about this party I will be at, why?
Shall i go up to this boy that i always see around school or not? I really like him?
how can i forget him..? i was the one leaving.. 2 years passed and i still love him as much as before..?
Is he into me or something?
HE SAID HE LIKES ME. BUT WHY IS HE ACTING SO WEIRD NOW? HELP!?
10 points to best answer pls help?
Mom saw me naked???????
I need advice on this very hard subject.?
People want me to be in a relationship?
Is it wrong to tell your husband when he looks like a slob?
Are you Single, Married, Engaged, Divorced, In a Relationship?
I want to tie my bf's arms down to the arm rests of a chair and do a slow strip tease for him?
Girl in uni walked past and smiled at me?
Did I mess up with this girl? Can I still fix it?
guys, would you buy jewerly to a girl you dont like that much?
How can I tell if I like this guy as a friend or if I like him more?!?
What to say to a girl??
What would be a great way to ask a girl out on her birthday?
my friends with benefits has stopped talking to me?
Is it weird to sleep in the same bed with a female friend?
Need advice for a friend?
How could I get this CUTE waitress number??help?
Will anyone ever love me?
Am I in the friend zone?
neeed help Pwease!! relationship advice!?
i want to order a wedding dress and i want some trusted websites.what do you recommend?
My bf isn't the \enthusiastic\ type- he's very stoic- anyone else have a bf like that?
Is it ture friendship or not?
Im attracted to weird things?
Why does my sister bully me?
What to do with my bf 22 year old daughter that brings her big dog over to my small house.?
Why did she suddenly go quiet near me?
I need help with my relationship! 10 Points for best answer! Please help me?
Do you think his mom is upset?
We are matched even though different interests?
Do guys tell girls to go first only to check out their butts?
My boyfriend keeps accusing me of cheating but I'm not?
why am i paranoid about loseing my gf?
I am currently pregnant with our 4th child and i think i have decided that i dont want another child after?
How is the best way to publicly expose my friend's FAKE dating profile?
im scared of things being awkward :( help??
Girlfriend outbid order?
How to read a guy's signals?
How do I persuade my mom to give me biscuits and chocolates for school ?
i want a tip to overcome my love failure?
Do you think marriage destroys relationships?
Married with baby mama drama and bad step kids?
Why did this girl do this? 10 pts for best answer!?
If i date a girl, would i be able to date her bestfriend after breakup?
Tips for 8th grade? Tips for making friends?
He is a playboy though! (heard from ppl)?
My parents 25th anniversary , I would like to gift them 25 things . Please suggest me wht all I can give.?
How can I prove to my ex that I truly love him?
How do i find a girl who attracts me sexually?
I think my freind wants me?
Is it normal that i talk to my friends more than my boyfriend?
how to proceed to next level with my girl friend?
We hooked up...what does it mean?
I don't know if I should date her because I'm not planning on staying in town for much longer!?
what am I ugly, decent, or cute ?
Ladies: how do you deal with all the attention you receive from guys?
Why am I still crying over my ex if its been 3 years?
Please help. My best friend, who is a girl, touched me?
ever had sex with a married girl or boy? if no is it fine with u to do it?
My dad hits me and is really mean to me?
CAN'T SLEEP!? SCHOOL TOMORROW!?
Guys, am I being played?
Is she interested in me?
What do girls want from boys?
what do u think about casual sex, agree or not? ever try?
A girl I like said \I'm so sorry\ after we had one argument...?
why wont my boyfriend leave me ?
I'm usually afraid..unlike my siblings, and I don't like talking to many people...but....help?
I just found out im circumcised! how do I talk to my mom n dad about it?
What is my exes problem?
Will she say yes if still ask her out?
What should I do now?
So if your close friend rejected you would you still be friends with them?
Can't understand whether he likes me or not....did he at some point..is it ok to continue talking?
my dad just got drunk what do I do?
5 STARS to whomever gives me the best advice?
so boy problems be ready to read?
How To Win My Ex Girlfriend Back.?
Do I keep trying, or cut ties?
I lost virginity to my ex?
Is it okay to like my ex's pictures?
Why wont my boyfriend leave me?
My GF cheated on me and it turned me on?
His parents are divorced. Can he still be \family oriented\?
Girls what do you think about my looks?
I'm 17 and I'm only into older guys....help?
Is it too soon to want a \family oriented\ guy?
How can you tell if a guy likes you?
Please help me talk to her before I die? Will you?
Is my bf cheating on me?
my boyfriend kissed another girl last night and ignored my texts?
how do you get someone out of your head that you loved butbended up just leaving you hopeless? Help me.?
How do you respond when a girl tell you she has nobody to cuddle with but you two are miles away?
Can I go far without having a pic?
Problem with girl! please help! 10 points best answer!!?
My Friend Is Being Played?
What did his 2 questions mean?
How do I tell my parents?
How to act round a girl????
Why some guys have double standards ?
Is there any provision by which we could apply for divorce even before one year for mutual consent?
Guys: what did his 2 questions mean?
I think I hate my dad...?
Cuddling after sex? Is he interested or not?
My best friend stole my guy?
Really Important, Please help!!?
should i leave to Texas with bf!?
Please help me... Need advice I am so depressed... (10 Points Best Answer)?
How can i stop stalking my ex on whatsapp?
im shy and have no friends and depressed and lonely?
When guys start to show that they like me I want to run away. Is this normal?
What exactly did he mean? (As a guy when would you do it?)?
She keeps on staring at me?!?!?
GIRLS: question about making out?
Why did I slap my bf?
Cant stop thinking of him- Help!?
why would he look at my lips?
Does her being sexual mean anything?!?
Is it normal to fight when you go a few days without having sex?
My girlfriend gets approached quite often?
How can I save money without my foster parents (soon to be adoptive parents) finding out?
Am I/was I in love? Should I try to move on or try to get back together?
How to sit down and have a difficult conversation with a roommate?
Im not having fun in highschool?
What do you think of my valentines day ideas with my girlfriend?
Should I ask why I was deleted?
She is sending mixed feelings please help?
Is this unsafe? what will he be expecting?
How to ask a girl for her phone number....help?
Why would my husband say such terrible things to me?
Why does everything have to about her? Why are some gf's like this?
Religion in relationships?
My long distance boyfriend is being distant! HELP? I really like him.?
Girls what would you think?
i tell a girl that i want to end friendship i asked her whats her decision she didnt say anything?
Not wanting to have sex with boyfriend but still love him...normal?
My Girlfriend never replies to my text?
Are you over 50? what are some advice you would give to 30 year olders?
Will I get to ever lose my virginity? get married? WHEN?
What are some good nicknames for this girl I like named Sumer plz nothing like sum-sum or sumah plz and thnx?
how to maintain character amongst friends?
does cuddle mean cuddle or something else?
Girls would you............?
Lets say someone got mad cause you called them out on something they did and now they are butthurt?
Would this brother and sister drama make a good novel?
Should i let her go or continue to fight for her?
My sister puts her feet in my face?
I need advice, BADLY!?
What are some of your most embaressing moments/stories?
why do i feel this way?
Girls what do you think?
Gf is indecisive being on & off?
How do i get a boyfriend?
Why don't I meet anyone that share my interests?
How can someone survive his/her marrige life successfully not because of love but because of pityingly.?
Girl wears strapped dresses to church, is it to impress a guy?
in the middle of friends fighting?
How do I make him like me?
why does this guy message me every night?
I'll bet its easy to find a girl to make out with at a bar in Mexico for spring break, am I right?
He never makes time for me?!! :(?
Why does she do things like this?
Why Is My Mom Flipping Out?
My husbands family are driving me crazy!?
When is the best time to propose?
how to tell if a guy is interested in you?
Have you ever been infatuated by anything or anyone!?
i need some advice on what to do about this situation i'm in with my ex girlfriend?
Hey Guyz,, I had a friend from another country in FB and we just met a week ago.But know she unfriended me?
What to do when your sister dominates you with her feet?
Hooked up with this guy and he stopped talking to me?
Guys: do you believe women when they tell you that they are Virgins?
My boyfriend only wants sex ever other week? And I want it at lest 3 times a week.?
Can i marry my father's brother's daughter?
Do i have to propose with a ring?
Why do so many boys like me?
HELP!? Is this story true or not?
I need a couple name for my friends!?
what can I get for a guy on Valentine's day?
should I text him again?
My best friend kissed me??!!?
Im the Daughter of Ares! I get mad a lot and im super strong...?
My husband is buying his brothers wife pregnancy test?!?
HELP LIFE ADVICE-bullying?
Should I keep him or move on.. 10 points?
my bf has cheated twice and I can't forget. I'm 35 , he's 40.?
Is it ok to cry ? ? ?
GUYS, If you want to be in a relationship with a female, how can you tell if she's the right one for you?
is it officially over between me and him?
Why is he doing this to me?
Why do I keep thinking about a girl who I used to like?
Boyfriends at a party school help?!?
My parents don't love me as they love my sister?
is my boyfriend not over his ex?
Friendship troubles, HELP, PLEASE!!!?
What should I do for my husband's birthday?!?
Is it too soon to want a \family oriented\ guy?
boys or girls mostly boys: i like this guy does he like me?
Cute petnames for my boyfriend?
Why wont my boyfriend leave me?
What should I do I need girl help?!?
Is this girl attracted too me?
How do I get this guy to talk to me?
relationship help? please read need advice. I'm 35 don't have the time to be choosy?
My dad is being too over protective?
Help me interpret this guy?
How to bring up the topic of sex with boyfriend?
Will I get an upset stomach from taking my medicine on an empty stomach?
is my girlfriend using me?
I need to apologize to my sister I hurt her and I feel so bad I can't stop crying what do I tell her?
(girls) Does this date plan sound good?
Plz HELP:My boyfriend has changed after argument?
How to stop having feelings for someone?
Serious topic.Please help!What should I do about this guy?
who is the girl in the porn ad?
Guys, when girls kiss you what does she do that turns you on?
Guy Was Making Fun of Me?
I really like this girl but im not sure how i should start to get to really know her in a non awkward way.?
Which buffet restaurant should we take our guests to after our civil wedding ceremony?
No one is answering - Please help me get over him!?
Big gap between 2nd & 3rd base physically?
Why do I avoid my boyfriend in school?
What do you guys think?
What do you do when a girl cries ?
Do guys just Assume that Attractive 19- year old girls aren't virgins?
im so confused... and need desperate help?
Does he like me? Please help I'm so confused?
Why would you want to be in a relationship with someone (IF)?
Is this a good first date?
Very bad relationship with my mother?
How to make your EX regret his discussion!?
I want to have a baby with my girl friend?
What's wrong with living with friends?
Does this sentence make sense?
What happens when you're unsure about your feelings for a friend?
Online Dating Question?
SURVEY : Why would this girl get upset just because I just want to be friends with her?
Why can't guys just be honest with their intentions?
Guys, am I being played?
GIRLS.. Whats a perfect hug for you?
Is what I'm doing bad?
Can I leave my parent's house a day or two before my 18th birthday?
HELLPPP- boys or girls answer?
QUICK Q. What does it mean if a guy lasts...?
How do i break it to my parents?
Does this guy like me?
He said he hasn't done anything with a girl before yet he seemed Really Experienced?
my husband and i have been married for 7 yrs, we have 3 kids 6,5,6 months ...?
Afraid to text my crush first?
Am I the only one who is creeped out by people with blue eyes?
Is it bad that I get jealous when my boyfriend comments on other girls.?
Do you think she likes me?
Does she just want sex or a movie too.?? 10 points?
i am really nervous to talk to this girl that doesnt know me !?
Why wont my boyfriend leave me?
His Heart was beating super fast when we were making out?
i watch chick flixs alone and really enjoy them, im a guy. is that weird?
What do I do? Is he leaving?
How to ask a guy to turn about?
Help please~ Is this something nice to say?
approaching a girl with headphones?
Should roseellen burgess marry scott mitchell?
What would you think if a girl like this likes YOU?
MEN what does he mean by this?
He rejected me but still stares at me?
How far can two 17 year olds go physically?
Does this type of girls attract YOU?
How to get more likes on instagram?
Ideas on parents 35th wedding anniversary dinner?
Neighbor answers my personal ad?
How do I ask her out?
How can I attract the attention of girls?
when my boyfriend unhappy?what should i do?
Pregnant and I can't stand my husband! Hormones?
would i regret for taking it away?
Boyfriend problems :( help me !!!?
I didn't hug him back?
why wont my boyfriend leave me?
How do I tell a girl that I just want a one night stand with her?
Does she sound genuinely interested?
My wife refuses to wear makeup?
How come being nice gets you no friends when being a jerk gives you a lot of friends ?
How to talk to this girl I like? please help!?
Should I leave my girlfriend?
Is he with me for the wrong reasons?
In need of mature, wise advice regarding a situation?
My boyfriend just insulted me I think?
What shots should I use for a wedding photo collage?
I have a boyfriend..but i am possessive over my friend?
I have a girlfriend, but this other girl looks at me all day at work and she's beautiful ?
should i forgive him for cheating?
What's a saying your Mother or Father taught you?
How to bring up dating to a girl that we like each other?
Why is this happening to me?
What is love <3 <3 <3?
Why would he do this?
Please help, my boyfriend doesn't understand and it's destroying me?
What are the Best younger women dating older men dating sites with REAL people in the USA?
I didn't hug my crush back?
What are some ways I can meet women and get into a relationship?
My boyfriend just insulted me I think?
What should I do about my friend who always sides with my mother?
What's wrong with this person!?
Help asking for a girl's phone number (simple)?
Would you rather have a girl with nice big boobs or one with a hot rearend?
What is he to me in family relations?
I really want to text her but I'm not sure if I should?
GUYS what does he mean?
Why do i feel this way about my relationship?
Does she like me or not?
Do you think the man you love is the best looking guy on planet earth? Women only.?
I don't want my bf watching comedies or any horror movies etc because?
Can a girl like you after she says she doesn't?
How do I convince my girlfriend to let me her boobs?
My boyfriend just insulted me?
Men/guys..Would you think a girl is stupid in this case?
should i do tHIs help PLEASE in all seriousness?
He is a playboy though!?
Girls, please name some of the things desperate guys do that turn you off.?
Should I ditch a friend of 3 years?
This Guy Is So Freakin Confusing ?
I think my boyfriend just insulted me?
As a girl, would you do this to a guy u not attracted to?
Calling the day after a first date: Yes or no?
GUYS: What does it mean when a group of guys...?
I need people opinions please?
Girls plz I need some advice!!! Plz,do suggest me something....?
Sometimes I want to kill myself but the only reason I don't is because of my husband?
Got back from Iraq and would like to surprise my family. Help?
In need of assistance?
Girls would you date a guy like this?? READ?
why do i want to in love with him?
(Girls) What does she think of me?
Why do i obsess over certain guys?
Claiming to be something she's not?
Can a girl as the guy out? If yes, can I do it over text?
Help me out here?! PLEAASEE?
what should I text her HELP?!!!?
I don't know how to move on, I think I still like him. Can we be friends? How do I move on?
Advice please please please? He F'd up and I'm mixed up :/?
Why am I so secretive?
Why would a guy say hes not jealous when he really is?
How do you deal with women with low self esteem?
HELP my friend is flirting with my ex?
Girls please 95% girls reject me because I'm only 5'6\ what to do cos they're being honest?
Girls- What does she think of me?
how do you kiss a girl properly?
Girls, what do you think if a guy calls you the night after a first date?
Why did he give me this?
why dont i ever like anyone that likes me?
How to make a girl feel better and not feel slut!?
is it weird that my bf has our kid named by breakfast?
Crush on someone much younger than me?
why do females Leaves reminders of them,?
a repeat of my question on how to leave my fiance.?
How can I move on from losing a friend?
GUYS/MEN what does he mean?
How do i get over a mutual breakup?
POLL: What would you do if your closest friend told you that s/he is an illegal immigrant?
Do you think he likes me please help!?
Am i doing something wrong?
How should I proceed from here?
I have a feeling my boyfriend is cheating on me?
me and this guy that i like went to the movies. WAS IT A DATE?
My friend changed so much!?
As a girl would you do this to a guy you were not attracted to?
Should I go out with her?
Is it possible for a married man to be friends with a single woman?
Did she mean it???????
How do I let her know she hurt my feelings?
Was this inappropriate of my brothers friend to do?
How can I in good taste have no alchohol at my wedding?
do you think god approves of teen relationships (boy and girl)?
WHAT SHOULD I DO? please help me! 10 points!?
i found out my sister had sex?
Why do people always make fun of me at school?
How do I confront my brother about finding his marijuana?
I do not know if I am still in love with him!?
GIRLS: How is this for a first date?
Girls- Does she like me?
How long till he asks me out, neither of us make a move!?
How do I help my girlfriend get over her fear of penises?
Married Couples: I can't stop crying. Please help?
Girls what are your thoughts on a 21 year old virgin?
What's the difference between beautiful, hot, and doable?
What the hell is going on here?
In a messed up situation with this girl. Please help?
Can you guys maybe help figure out what this I?
HELP!! phone-call from a stranger?!?
Has this guy \friend zoned\ me?
Why sex has become so common to girl this day?
my best friend kissed me and im super confused help me?!?
This girl I know is insane?
So this girl I like said that we need to find me a date to prom just smiled at me and waited till I answered?
Dad Wants To Meet Me For The 1st Time In 22 Years?
GUYS/MEN what does he mean?
Why do people talk about me?
What does being in love feel like? Is this what I'm feeling? I'm going crazy?
How do you make a guy fall out of love with you without you hurting his feelings?
I feel like it's my fault. Is it?
is it wrong that im very happy, and positive, if my heart stays quiet?
Im so depress and miss my old life?
Should I feel bad about this ? I lied to my mom ? :(?
Cheated on girlfriend.. now what?
How to talk to this girl I like? please help!?
I need relationship advice?
I need relationship advice?
My ex boyfriend kissed me?! Why? I need advice on what to do?
what does he think of me? I'm so confused?
Is He A Jerk? Or Deserves A Second Chance?
What do you think? PLease answer ASAP?
is it wrong to feel this way???
How can I surprise my boyfriend?
May be pregnant by friend?
What to do when you have two boys that are fighting over you???
does age matter? anyone?
GUYS what does he mean?
Girls: advice please??
My best friend is suicidal and I don't know what to do?
i like love being a housewife, and a stay at home mum?
what to do when your wifes ex wont go away?
if a man or woman...falls in love with someone who isnt their type...?
Do you think having low self esteem and hating the way you look sends off bad vibes?
i like being a house wife and a stay at home mum?
Give back the gifts to my ex-gf?
Im fake around my 'Friends'?
Is she really my friend?
Could I have a korean friend who I could talk 2?
I don't get it? why do they guys do this?
I don't know If he's a pedophile. help please :) ?
How to deal with being called a bad mom?
Is it normal to protect your friends from your problems?
Should I speak to her and be best friends again or should I walk away?
I'm having a break down :'(?
How can I make my wife feel better ?
What should I do if I'm sick and tired of my dad smoking?
Need relationship/breakup advise. Serious people only?
Relationship ended over the Super Bowl?
My dad never spends time with me anymore?
GUYS what does this mean?
boys only .. i need help?
What does it mean when a guy does this? Please answer?
i think bad of a guy if he wants to share expenses?
Does this speak for itself?
I recently got a girlfriend, but I can't overcome my fear of women.?
If you enter a new relationship 3 months after divorcing, how likely will it lead to marriage?
ex problems, is he hiding feelings?
The guy I like doesn't know I exist...?
Should I keep pursuing her? Or move on?
Do you appreciate your grandparents?
What should I do about this situation with me and my guy friend?
Would it be wrong to sell a gift?
Hi i dont know if this is a mixed signal or not.?
How do I mentally prepare when someone I love is leaving?
I don't know If he's a pedophile. help please :)?
Gift ideas for my girlfriend?
Why did he react like this...?
She curled her bottom lip onto her teeth?
Need help with girl problems?
Does this make us bad parents?
Is it normal to wish I was white sometimes?
Is this a good or bad idea?
Scared my girlfriend and now I can't get to sleep?
Kissing/love help maybe?
How do I get her to like me?
Am I making to big of a deal?
Is my friend bullying me?
Why is it that some teenagers are somewhat brainwashed from the media?
If someone is already in love?
A question about gay people?
Is it normal to be afraid of becoming an Adult?
Ideal type of girl? PLEASE ANSWER:(?
Why didnt he kiss me during hook-up?? Plz answer 10 points!!?
what does ^u^ and ^w^ mean in texting?
How often should a married man go out?
Asking shy girl to be my Gf?
Everything seems against it working out. What should I do?
What does it mean when a guy does this?? Please answer?? I'll answer yours!!!?
Is it normal for a girl not to text first?
why should we love people?
I lost my best friend and the best father ever. what do i do now?
Girls: do you like good guys?
new things my boyfriend and i can try?
What's going on with my long distance boyfriend?
why did he call me this?
How can i hint to my boyfriend i want to kiss him?
Girls, a guy sends you a pic of his upper body?
how do i get over this girl?
Brother and sister in laws seeing private areas and touching them?
HELP! I want to know if I can trust him?
guy I'm dating has baggage, ex wife, etc. what to do?
guy I'm dating has baggage, ex wife, etc. what to do?
Does he not want to be with me?
girl says shes better than me?
Girlfriend wont do 69 but I want to?
Not sure in this is normal but please help?
Why do so many people get married in their early twenties?
Oral sex with my boyfriend, any tips/tricks?
IS this friendship over.. Should i just move on?
She wont talk to me, I dont understand why.?
Is it okay for a girl to ask a guy out?
why do guys play mind games?
Me and my girlfriend are having conversation issues. Help?
How to explain my mail package?
Rivalries and best friends?
I would appreciate a different point of view towards this please and Thank u:D?
I would appreciate a different point of view towards this please and Thank u:D?
Are all girls in high school like this?
Rumours are really getting to me?
How can I locate someone I haven't seen in 10 years? I know his name but he's not on Facebook.?
Do drunken words speak sober thoughts? Or is that a myth?
What can I do about this? Please help!?
Is 21 to young to get married?
Semi-distanced relationship?
made a huge mistake with a good friend?
Boys what is with you?SERIOUSLY!!!?
I'm black but sometimes.... I wish I was white?
should we break up? help please?
Does he want to be with me?
Are we on good terms again? Friends even?
Guys have always rejected me and now im scared to make a move on my crush?
Can I be blamed for someone else's suiced? Please read the hole story.?
Any creative ways of asking out a girl?
Any rehab center for children in dallas tx?
He took my number, but never called?
valentines day gifts for my boyfriend?
Help!! :'( Mom and boyfriend problems!!?
Ex Gf dumped me, tried to be friends, i told her to go away, feel like i want to be friends now...bad idea.?
Ladies, how did your boyfriend first approach you?
My father is extremely racist but my boyfriend is not white.?
Im in a relationship but my ex wants to be with me... what should I do?
does he like me for me? ill answer yours?
Should him and I talk more? Does he want to be just friends? Please answer?
Do You guys think sex is better than love?? And if so whats the differance in your opinion?
Can I start my own business selling woman's milk?
HELP should I stay with this guy?
why would he do this??? short! ill answer yours?
I miss my wife, please help?
How can I let a woman down gently?
Is he not interested? Should we talk more? PLEASE ANSWER?!?!?
Girl Likes Me But Doesn't Talk to Me?
How do I steal the thunder at my sister's baby shower?
why do girls string me along?
22 and never had a boyfriend. Please help I really need some advice?
Does she love me and are we close?
HELP! I'll answer yours!?
Girls what would this mean if you said this to a guy?
Should I stay with my bf or leave?
How was your first kiss?
I'm alone and have no one?
:/...Help please.... :/?
Do girls like tall guys ?
How do I ask her out/to be my girlfriend?
ladies, is it the little things? :)?
HELP! I'll answer yours!?
Why won't he walk me to the door after sex?
Why won't he walk me to the door after sex?
how to get over your ex?
I'm scared to have sex with my bf because I think my parts look wired?
Is it right for a married woman to have a male friend she goes out drinking with?
Do you make friends easily?
Are you always in competion with your friends to see who is the best at everything?
Have any of you couples moved in with a parent or parents?
Girlfriend thought about sleeping with another guy?
I'm scared that nobody will turn up to my birthday party?
Have any of you couples moved in with a parent or parents?
I think I'm obsessed with my friends w/ benefit!? D:?
Question for the ladies?
If you were alone in the middle of the night and...?
What should I do? Does he like me?
I kissed my married boss! Help I don't know what to do please :(?
I told my boyfriend to STop SNAPCHATTING girls but he didn't listen and lied?
so scared to talk to get now. made a big mistake?
Does this possible gay/bi/curious guy have feelings for me?
Is it weird to sleep in the same bed with a female friend?
What should I do about prom?
Why she doing this to me?
I still like my ex... Help!?
Does he talk about me?
My friend who i dont like anymore hits me?
What is she thinking?
How do I tell my parents about boyfriend?
Is my boyfriend using me?
How would you start this conversation?
Why did my brother betray me?
Should you settle for a nice guy or keep looking?
what to get boyfriend whos turning 15 for birthday?
Girls your thoughts on a 21 year old virgin?
Do any girls like short guys or am I going to die alone?
Do fathers still love their child's mother - even if they don't show it?
what should i do about this situation?
Gave my number to some guy, what should I do?
Someone answer, asked before and received no answers?
Creative present to give to a friend in hospital?
Does he like me more than just a friend?
Dad lost his job....?
Should I tell her what's been going on?
Do teen boys ever go for ginger girls?
Caught taking parents money indirectly?
How to be friend with 2 girls?
When you lost your virginity did you ever...?
how to get boy to kiss me?
Should I still care about this girl or move on?
Is it wrong for me to feel this way???
what does it mean when a guy sends you smile faces online?
Needing Advice With My Relationship?
Why has my little brother become like this?
Should we get back together?
Is this a jerk or Sweet….?
Should I stay friends with people that hurt me and will not apologise and show remorse?
whats a good way to fight for my ex-girlfriend?
If a guy says he doesn't want to get married-- may he change his mind?
Wedding colour advise needed! My wedding dress is a pale grey/silver.?
Why did he keep apologizing?
is giving up the right thing to do?
if it is so bad in the philippines then why are they still having children?
I am 13, and dont think I can do it any more?
Why do black women get so angy when black men date white women?
So, there is a girl at my school that I like.?
Why is a pretty girl in my school depressed?
How should I play 'my cards' with this girl?
How to respond to her and does she like me (your take)?
My relationship is moving too fast, What should we do?
If a guy gives you a friendship bracelet on it that's says my special friend what does it mean .?
How big of an age difference is too big?
Did you hear about the man who married a tree?
I want to contact my ex?
Is this guy interested in me romantically?
She wants a week of space and I love her, what do I do?
my girlfriend left me to pursue relationship with her babies dad; any chance?
Meeting his parents for the first time... Help me please?
People make fun of me at school?
what does it mean in sex terms no strings attached?
What does 'dont trip' mean?
She kept laughing? Nervous?
Is it bad to go to the movies with a 19yr old when you're 16?
How would I turn on a girl with her boobs?
Q for guys over 38 only?
Would a man be very boring to be with if he is a devout Christian?
If we are meant to be together, will it happen later on?
Should I keep on using my stupid girlfriend?
Can you love someone too much ?
Good first date? Opinions? Should I call for a second date?
I feel really upset about how a girl treated me. I need some advice on how to cope?
Was he jealous? 10 POINTS PLEASE ANSWER?
What should I say to her?
What is it those actions????
Do you smile when you're kissing?
Does this boy like me?
Why does she have to be crazy jealous?
Grandparent rights in kansas?
I need help with a girl i like (Read Description)?
What would you do in this situation?
how do i ask my mom to stop playing her horrible music?
Q on intimacy and being the one?
How do i help my husband from being sooo inscure?
are we still friend or no?
my half brother has autism wants to go out but my mother won't let him what's for the best?
Am I in love or is it just my imagination?
Need some help please?
MEN...what would you do if you made your woman mad and she tore 6 of your $100 bills (for car note and tags)?
Please answer, no one is answering!?
Confusing signal.... :/?
How should I play 'my cards' with this girl?
Why do some girls squall and yell very loudly during sex?
how do I get this guy to leave me alone.! 10pts!!!?
Should I do all this for my girlfriend on valentines day ? HELP !!!?
Why did he kiss me on my porch?
Is it wrong to talk to other guys while in a relationship?
My dad looks at me inappropriately, I don't know what to do, PLEASE HELP.?
what should I do about my ex?
i lost my best guy friend :'( how can i get over it and move on?
My mom just cant appreciate who I am and my weaknesses.?
I Feel Like I Disappointed My Father?
Termination of Fathers Rights in WA state?
Why cant I find a decent chick?
How do i prank my friends?
How do you disown yourself from your mother?
how do i make friends?
What does it mean when a guy rubs the tips of your fingers?
How Do I Tell If He Fancies Me?
What does it mean when a guy rubs the tips of your fingers?
A girl telling you a secret?
Is he manipulative or am I paranoid?
Who wants to try my method of making new frineds?
What do girls actually find attractive in a guy? (Girls)?
Im in love I dunno wat to do?
Help! tomorrow am going to talk to this girl?
How to stop liking a girl so much?
Does my crush like me?
Should I give the ring back even though I took it already from her?
I'm in this messed up situation with a girl, how do I get out of this?
What should I do with my \friend\?
How do I start a conversation with my crush?
MEN...what would you do if you made your woman mad and she tore 6 of your $100 bills (for car note & tags)?
If a conversation ends out of no where will you message them first or wait for their message ?
Should I move on or go for it?
My bestfriend ditched me for a skank!?
how do you save a suicidal girl you don't evan know?
What does it mean to be sexually attracted to someone? I need full details and opinions.?
What does it mean when a guy kisses you on your porch?
is this person stupid?
PLEASE HELP!! Got fingered and I'm bleeding?
All my parents do is criticize me?
What are this guys intentions?
Please read my friend's lyrics and tell me what you think about it?
no one answered. Please both guys and girls: I need your opinions. Was my text bad? Did I freak him out? 10pts?
How are we related? Their are details?
Do guys love it when girls blush ?
Does it sound like I had a successful first date?
Girl Problems, Boyfriend, Friends, Double booked?
How can i get my confidence back?
Would this be weird and awkward?
Guys, would you ever consider dating a girl that is saving herself for marriage?
Help! do I text him or wait until I see him?
Would it be weird to ask someone to smell my breath?
Why doesn't my crush text me?
How do I tell a Co worker that I dont want to \hang out\with them?
My husband said he was done with our marriage this past Saturday…?? *Please help*?
Should i suprise my wife ?
should i continue with my divorce?
Why would he feel uncomfortable if it's just a dream?
Missed chance with a girl? (ladies advice)?
Is it okay for my mother to do this?
Why is it so wrong to spend time with your ex?
Should I lose virginity to ex?
How to deal with a man who won't give oral?
Is my elder cousin trying to seduce me?
would you be friends with someone who spreads lies about you just because they were mad at you?
I think it's time... /:?
plz plzzz read this help needed????..?
Someone answer, asked before and received no answers?
What should I do about my life?
How can I ask for a girls number?
how do i get guys to take me serious and not treat me like a sex object?
please, read my lyric and tell me what you think about it?
My GF calls one of here guy friends dear. Is that something to worry about?
Girls at my university are TOO HOT for me?
Everything changed. Did I get played?
Everything changed. Did I get played?
Why do guys call me shorty?
Girls, did she lose interest? :(?
When both of you can't let go easily, what do you do?
What should I have done here?
how do i cheer my friend up?
Ladies, where should and shouldn't a man try to hit on you?
The girl I'm in love with just wants a casual relationship?
Please answer! are these signs that he's interested?!?
What shall I gift my boyfriend on his birthday?
I don't know what to think? help I'll help yOu?
How long should I wait for him to text me first?
I don't want to have sex untill I'm ready?
What was he thinking?
Is his girlfriend stopping him?
I would please appreciate some insight into this?
Do u think he might be interested?
Why did my brother freak out when my boyfriend gave me a hickey?
my boyfriend \slapped\ me. what should I do?
Need examples??? (Boys only)?
Do I have a Foot Fetish If I Have a Thing For My Girlfriend's Feet?
I punched my brother in the face?
Does he even like me as a friend anymore?
How do I sort things with my mum after a house party with damage?
If you date a guy older than you, e.g. 10 to 15 years, is sex going to be an issue?
Men, would you feel the same after a few months?
Should I move in with my mom?
I am trying to plan a wedding in the queens ny area and I need to find an indoor location.?
What should i do? can some one help?
Is two years an acceptable age gap in a relationship (details within)?
What would you think of a person who said this?
Is two years an acceptable age gap in a relationship (details within)?
Guy that really liked me randomely stopped talking to me? WTF someone explain this!?
My heart hurts. I think I need to break up with him?
Does he still care? Please read the story...?
What The Hell Does He Think?
Is he playing this game bec he likes me? ( Very short and I wll ans back)?
Do I really need to stay married to a confused wife?
How to forget your crush?
GUYS: have you ever broken up with a girl becauseause you didn't want a?
Help me out? relationship advice?
Please give me advice for my future?
What would you do if you thought your live-in boyfriend was mean to you?
Does he still have feelings or just trying to be friends?
Would you leave your partner if out of the blue your dream man/woman came into your life, and was interested?
How Should I Respond to This….?
Would it be unfair for me to ask my boyfriend to stop talking to my best friend?
Is she being a good friend?
Can a petition for mutual divorce be filled before one year of marriage?
Should I smoke weed with my sister?
How to deal with a lazy dead beat husband?
My 12 year old is watching porn?
RELATIONSHIP ADVICE!! HELP!!!! What should I do?!?
Why would my husband ask me to go for a run and not take it seriously?
Was it rape?????????
Please Help Me!! boyfriend looks at child photos..?
whats your first thought when a 22 years old man buy vaseline in store?
how can a mother tell when her son starts having sex?
(Girls)- Does she like me?
I'm lonely and depressed do I drink Vodka tonight?
I'm crushing on a guy, please help?
Should I break up or be with her????VERY IMPORTANT!!!!?
This guy i like keeps standing me up?
I showed my boyfriend my boobs?
Why did he stop talking out of no where?
My boyfriend lies a lot?
My 15 year old cousin told me that she loves me?
My 15 year old cousin told me that she loves me?
Why do girls at my boyfriends school not talk to me?
Correct description or term for relationships between step-siblings after a divorce?
How to heal a broken heart </3?
Do men ever grow up ...?
Is it weird to sleep in the same bed with a female friend?
Why do girls at my boyfriend's school not talk to me?
How do I get my best friend/roommate to stop being so clingy/jealous?
Should I text her after 3 months?
How to stop liking someone?
what does he think of me?!? please help. I will answer your question?
Is it wrong to have sex with your gf?
I'm thinking about turning my home into a nudists home how do I do this?
what is a good spending limit for my birthday?
My 66 year old coach wants sex with me?
Is she cheating??????
im getting very depressed?
Women over 30 year old: do you care about man height when dating?
Why do I get offended when my husband makes fun of the shows I watch?
What do you do for fun when you're broke?
Do You Fall In Love first Before you LOVE someone?
Does the feeling of being in love sometimes just hit you? Randomly?
How can i convince my parents?
What is wrong with trying to prove yourself to others?
I'm always mad when my boyfriend is having fun. ..?
ARRANGED MARRIAGE PROS AND CONS?
Liking Brother in laws Sister?
what does eyes open during kissing mean?
How can i ask for his phone number? (short description)?
Brother and sister in laws seeing private areas and touching them?
plz help , I want to marry amercan gild she is a christian?
Boyfriend is upset and I feel so guilty, how can I make it up to him?
Guys:How many rejections did you take before you got a girl in India?
should i just leave him alone? He was my v first time?
Indecisive gf breaks up for the 3rd time..?
Anyone have experience dating someone with an 8in height difference?
Why does this happen?
Boyfriend's female friend mad because he's dating me?
Confused and stuck. pl help?
What is wrong with him?HELP!?
Why did he react like this...?
IM really desperate help...?
overly attached girlfriend?
I feel like I am not good enough... :(?What to do?
Boyfriend's female friend annoyed because he's dating me?
Boyfriend's female friend annoyed because he's dating me?
Why is my ex playing this selfish game?
i feel suicidal from couple years and i think is time i do something about it i asked help but ..?
How do I comfort my friend?
Is it pity to unfriend an ex on facebook after he broke up with you? feeling very hurt..need your advice..?
My Period's Irregular but WAY later then usual... 1month & 1-2weeks...?
Is she cheating? I can't tell?
Is this wrong? dating your sister in law sister?
do you ever get over your first love?
Friends with benefits probz?
Why was he so rude to me?HELP!?
I like this girl, but how should I approach her since I'm shy?
What can I give my mother-in-law as a thank you gift for helping with the wedding?
Why did she do this to me?
What are some popular wedding cake flavours?
How can I make this happen? I like him?
Where can I purchase a unique wedding cake in the UK?
My cousin sister is 1 yr elder to me(age 25), we naver talked abt sex as a grown up person,but last few days?
What is that supposed to mean?
How to make my parents accept for my love?
Please help me with this girl problem, what should I do?
Why wouldn't she want me to date her brother?
My friend tested my bf and now he's so mad at me?
what does it mean when you a dream your giving birth and crush is sitting right next to you?
My friend told another girl I bitched about her?
how can i ask out a girl?
Police caught us having sex and reported it to my parents... What should I do?
Should i forgive him? completely heartbroken and confused?
What are good second date ideas during the middle of Winter?
Girls your thoughts on a 21 year old virgin?
Guys: when you take a girl's virginity...?
I am confused on what to do here?
Do you have trouble making conversation with your employer/boss?
Why do think my Ex broke up with me?
how did you move on from your first love? i need help?
What do you think of a 24 year old guy dating a 40+ hot mature women?
Should I confront him about how hurt I feel to or leave it alone?
Did I do the right thing by breaking up? Real red flags?
I don't know what to do?
how to move on? i keep comparing every guy to him HE IS ALL I THINK ABOUT?
How do I control my feelings?
Why won't she talk to me?
Anyone else who is married or committed find it impossible not to flirt?
Asking a girl to be exclusive?
Why do average men still try to get women?
10pts on offer!!!!!!?
Would a household that consisted of 5 males be too much testosteron for you?
he's not answering my calls?
So this guy I text a lot?
shoul i tell him, i fell in love with him?
Guys: What is so good about boobs?
Why does my husband keep looking at the wall when we make love?
girls do i sound dateable???????
Capricorn staring at me?
I think I'm in love with him?
What are some of the wedding dress trends of 2014?
Should I tell experienced guy I'm dating that I'm a virgin?
Does he seem like jealous?
i met this guy when they kept me at the hospital... i do know his name and probbaly last name but how can i?
What could I have at my wedding reception for my groom?
GUYS - What do you like in a girl (12-14)?
I need help some guy keep flirting with me and I told him were just Friends and he want leave me alone?
my ex best friend only cares about popularity?
I just asked a girl i really like for her number?
Why does my teacher hate me?
Bubbles, Rice, or flower petles?
Are my boobs too big?
Can \Ty\ be a female nickname?
Girls please help !!!?
How to deal with an ex boyfriend in the same friend group?
Why did my guy friend refused to see me one last time before he left the country?
I want to ask a girl out but I'm way too nervous.?
can friends be possessive with each other, will it cause separation in their relationship?
Why do these women tell other people he likes me?
What happened at the dance??????
Is this friend zone? Am I already in friend zone?
what to do when a girl leans on you?
I feel unfulfilled, empty and meaningless inside about my life?
The girl I love, loves me, but also loves someone else?
I feel like my friends forgot all about me?
How Can I Improve My Confidence Around Girls?
Are my friends right about my girlfriend?
No one answered me. Please please help! IS it bad at all? Did I make a huge mistake?
Help about FRIENDSHIPPP....!! Plzzz...?
Is it just me or is it crazy for a girl to say she's in love after two days of relationship?
How should I convenience my friend to femdom?
Guys & girls HELP ME PLEASE! I'm freaking out right now! Is it bad at all? 10pts!?
Do girls still appreciate gentleman gestures?
Severe depression still 2 years after divorce?
Does this mean there's nothing i can do to make him stay?
my best friend's acts is getting me nervous, help..?
how to say no to a friend ??
Why is it when you are in the shower or bathroom that is the time your spouse wants to ask you a 100 questions?
Why doesnt she greet me aloud?
Where do guys like to be touchd? How can I have more sex with my boyfriend?
Can guys feel a girl's b(.)(.)bs when they hug?
Need some advice...so im a 16 year old guy and i have this weird problem going on please read below?
my girlfriend is pissed off at me for falling asleep on the phone at night what should I do to calm her down?
How do I get my boyfriend to sck my b(.)(.)bs?
Am i being unfair not wanting to go further with him?
What would you think of a man taking his wife's last name after they're married?
What would you do If you hadn't seen your boyfriend in two months?
Why would a man tell his friend not to speak to you?
My dad wont stop giving me a sex talk?
Would he call me more?
The girl I love, loves me, but also someone else.?
My boyfriend didn't invite me out with him?
why is he so good with wasting time but when i want to rp, and love him its the end of time up?
Boyfriend talking about babies and marriage? im 15?
what should I do if a guy is flirting with me and you tell them to stop and you tell them that we are jUST fr?
Is it possible to have these feelings?
Girls how would you want to be asked out?
Does he like me? advice?
Women, what do you feel when a guy orgasmms inside you?
Is it ok for my girlfriend to go for drinks with a male friend?
In need of some advice :)?
Is it wierd that I've never kissed a girl?
Someone please answer i need advice. what would you do in my situation?
Is it right for me to ask for money back when I offered to lend it?
What do you think I should do if my best friend is acting like that?
How can i make my boyfriends mum trust me?
Does he have feelings for her?! (Boys please need your help)?
How do you go about dating and a relationship?
No ones answering, please help!!!?
My ex-boyfriend keeps telling me I shouldn't trust him?
Does this guy like me? advice?
Girls Your thoughts on a 21 year old virgin?
Girls, do you like or would like ride/sit on guy´s shoulders?
have u ever been getting hot n heavy in the bedroom w a woman?
What should I do next?
What does it mean if a girl starts thinking about men's cosmetics;) ?
How to leave the past in the past?
Is my brother marraige written in destiny in 2014,he is 33 old and unmarried?after how much time i will marry?
What is the key to a successful relationship?
My girlfriend won't understand that I chose her and no one else?
How do I make sure if I love my boyfriend?
what do you do when you so-called friends don't even face you anymore when you attempt to speak with them?
What can I get for my boyfriend for our 2 year anniversary?
My boyfriend finds it hard to ejaculate?
Why am I so Undatable?
How do I go see this guy in another state?
Should i marry her??
Is it ok for my girlfriend to go for drinks with a male friend?
girls do i sound dateable?
should i be angry at dad?
I can't deal with my sister anymore.?
I asked my boyfriend if he has ever kissed any girl. He said no. It is possible? can i trust him?
are we right for each other?
Craigslist nsa hookup with braces? possible disaster?
I can't let go of a bad ex boyfriend?
New boyfriend, new style? , kinda demanding.?
Friend lied about stalking?
Friend lied about stalking?
My first date at the movie...help please?
what does it mean if a guy kisses you on the cheeks randomly?
PLEASE HELP ME GIRLS!!?
Why is he acting so weirdly?
What's the most attractive eye/ hair color on a girl??
Banging my head against the wall. Really short, need help ! :/?
How do you Make a mixed Tape?
He feels the same way right, guys what do you think?
What to text my boyfriend...someone help!?
Why was he smiling? Did i make myself look stupid? :'D?
Should I stay friend with my ex boyfriend while we are still attracted to each other?
I love someone but they hate me. HELP! Plz!?
Usually guys dont approach me at first place?
How do I get a gf with nice t&a?
I hate my school, my family, and well, myself.?
How could I get him to start talking to me again?
What if i was your girlfriend;)?
A girl wont follow me back?
long distance relationship birthday?
Ladies... what does she think of me?
what should i do. best answer please don't say I'm stupid?
love problem? please help somebody?
do he still care for me?
I love her but she has boyfriend?
Love relationship between capricon woman and gemini man. Will it work out well?
My Friend Is Being Played?
Guys: do you get a hard-on from seeing cheerleaders?
She suddenly became quiet?
I made my girlfriend cry? Did I pressure her?
What would you do in this situation?
I'm in love with my best friend...Help?
I kissed a guy when drunk infront of the guy I do like?
Guys who have girlfriends and get turned on by other girls?
I get really nervous around guys?
How to handle/brake the party barrier in my relationship?
Am I Being Too Harsh On Friend?
first FORMAL, please help!?
Is it reasonable to feel hurt by this? Would really appreciate opinions?
The HIV test said negative today after 81 days (Nov 1 and 2) of a sexual encounter. Am I okay?
How to get a Sugar Daddy?
what am I supposed to REPLY this girl? HELP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!?
How do I get the girl I love back?
What to do in this situation?
When should I ask her to be my girlfriend?
Women, would you marry a guy that has every quality you are looking for in a man except money to buy you crap?
boy help please (long story sorry)?
Wife, did your husband married you because of a part of your body?
I like this girl but i dont know what to do?
Should I move on or not?
When Did you first met the love of your life?
I dont like my gf's sister. help?
What is causing this? What is going on?
Girls, if somebody offered you $1000 to?
Guys: should I ask different questions??
Married woman is having an emotional affair with me.?
How can I make myself more open to him and have deeper conversations?
How can I fall out of love?
What did she mean she she did that?
Does it mean he doesnt have respect for women?
Body Language Reading Help: So I have this co-worker that keeps licking her lips when I talk to her...?
How can I make things better?
Do short girls like short guys or am I going to die alone?
The guy I am dating doesn't want to commit. Help?
Do any girls like short guys or am I screwed for life?
Am I being friend zoned by ex?
Would you date someone with a disability?
Girls, would u text first or wait?
Can you be both very happy and depressed at the same time?
Please help.............guy issue...urgent?
Why does my cousin do mean things?
How can I break away from my family?
Are British girls more shy and introvert as compared to American girls?
Could whatever the Psychic told me could come true?
Do you think my crush is being mean?
should i have my first kiss?
Do all teen guys think about kissing, making out, sex, etc?
How do I deal with my family?
I'm black but sometimes....I wish I was white?
Can pictures say a lot?
Do you know that most people do not want you to tell them they are making a mistake or being lied to?
This girl is on my mind. does she like me?
What to do when you like a girl and...?
Does he see me as just a friend or more than a friend?
What does \cheap\ mean?
i am alone is there someone that would date me I'm 33?
my sex drive is gone. but why?
How can I fix this problem!!?
What do I do? How do I fix this?
He is repeatedly asking my plans, will he ask me out soon?
How are girls able to forget about a guy so easily?
is it bad if ur boyfriend wants to video chat wit u n his ex girlfriend??
Get mad at my boyfriend but nothing changes; what to do?
Phony Friend, How should i handle her ?
Is it normal for an ex to meet the new boyfriend? Does this happen a lot?
How do i get a boy more intrested?
Was it OK for my boyfriend to get mad at me?
should i confront my best friend about this (long story)?
How to tell when it is okay to show affection.?
Does my boyfriend have a legit reason to be upset?
How to get a person to the what type he/she is?
My man is 5'5 and 15. Will he grow any taller?
Is this really weird?
Need men opinion for a gift for a man?!?
all in honesty, does it sound like i would ever get a second chance with him?
What should I do Before I get friend zoned?
Do I have a crush on this guy?
losing your virginity?
i am 15 and my boy frind is trying to talk me into sex help?
How do you make out aka kiss with tongue?
My GF is toxic??????????
Can You Really Like Someone This Fast? Or Is He Rebounding?
My sister having an affair with a married man?!?
I can't seem to get over my first love?
Is it because I sound boring or something?
Why do people get mad when they get dumped?
if you been on your period for weeks?
Should i join Facebook again?
Ladies, what can I do to get a date?
I kissed my bf with my eyes open help?
How can I express a girl I'm in love with my feelings for her?
A question for the men out there. If you ask a woman to sleep with you and she doesn't how do you respond?
Are my standards too high?
17 year old guy dating a 14 year old girl?
Was he turned on as much as I was?
GF has a fantasy of watching me do another girl?
Can't stop giving this girl money?
should I go to a performing arts school?
Should i forget and move foward or be her friend again?
Is there have any site for dating?
Teenage age gap relationship?
kissing my girl!? please answer?
How can I help my friend ?
Jealous boyfriend problem: Should I break up with him? Can I do better?
Does He still like me?
Have you ever read 'Miss Manner's Guide to a Surprisingly Dignified Wedding'?
True or false - your sister's nephew is your nephew?
Guy acting weird......please help ?
How do I cope with my inconsiderate selfish tyrant father?
Is this wrong? plz someone answer?
How to get a guy in the mood for sex?
Why do I feel so awful about this?
My mom thinks I'm a lesbian just because I haven't had a boyfriend yet...?
how not to stress over a girl about her cheating?
What does it mean if a guy cums after 2 minutes?
I have a question for guys?? (preferably high school, but any age works)?
How to make my crush notice me?
I had my first kiss with a guy a few days ago and he hasn't spoken to me since?
How do we tell if we are in love ???
I've grown tired of strapless wedding gowns. What do you think about this?
Should you respond to the who is this text?
What can you do if you can't get over a breakup?
Is it ok for a man to cry ?
Does my friend like me?
My GF is toxic???????
Is it good or bad that my girlfriend twitches after sex?
Does he like me? Both guys.?
I really miss my ex...help!?
Did this girl in my class like me, or probably not?
am i a baby, or is everyone else...going to fast?
Question for non-virgin guys?
My boyfriend is cruel to me. Is he mentally ill?
Why is it i have a depressed feeling when my gf doesnt talk to me?
Why did my fiancée lie to me?
Im at a sleepover and i miss my boyfriend?
How to find this girl? Emergency!?
What are signs of being in an emotionally abusive relationship?
I dont feel happy anymore... ?
Can you please write a vampire story?
Girls: Is this weird of me?
Does he still care? Please read the story...?
I think I like him, but he's 15 years older than me...?
What should I do if I love someone and they love me but we can't date???
Can I have two maid of honors?
DOES THIS GIRL LIKE ME???? Please help!!?
Girls: Can you help me?
Where you ever told that chocolate milk came from brown cows when you were young?
I don't want sex, I just want a friend...?
Shy girls please help me...?
how do I ask a girl out?
what do i do. so confused. feel used?
what do you think? for 10 points?
would you forgive your ex if she tried to use her new bf to get you jealous?
Recently I've found myself attracted to good Latina however I have one problem, I am a black American?
What would you rate me out of ten?
Girls: Can you help me?
How can I ask my crush out?
Why does my sister have stronger legs than me?
What would you do if your friend hacked into your tweeter/facebook and posted stuff?
Ladies, have you ever beaten a male in arm wrestling?
Girls: Can you help me?
i dont know what to say? Any Advice?
Guys, am I being played?
Do girl even like it when guys flirt through text?
How can I calm my friend down ?
Should I tell my wife I have HIV?
I want a committed relationship but I don't want marriage, is that weird?
P?ll::How do you propose your Love?
What does he mean by this??ill answer urs?
What would you rate me out of ten?
Paper or regular towels in bathroom for party?
Sould i talk to this chick over facebook?
This girl is waaaay to complicated.. help!?
Girls what are your thoughts on a 21 year old virgin?
Should I text her...?
How are guy hormones?
Should I reply during day or night?
What's going on with this guy?
What Does Love Feel Like?
I have had sex 3 times and wants to know if sex again will hurt?
I have had sex 3 times and wants to know if sex again will hurt?
Is giving her a poem too wierd?
how to not be a jealous person? help please!?
Is kissing even that fun?
How should I break the truth to my daughter?
Is it possible that an ex can still be not over you after 3 years?
Tips on not being shy and being more confident?
(Girls) Does she like me?
Why aren't adulterers not afraid of hell?
How do I work on my cruelty?
Am I actually in love?
Honest opinion does he maybe like me?
what did she mean by this please help 10pts?
My boyfriend watches porn and won't stop?
Jealously about my boyfriends best friend?
Guys - he asked how much personal space I need?
Is he emotionally abusive? singles dating?
I don't feel like I am intelligent enough for my boyfriend and it is really bringing me down?
Help me, I need someone to tell me I'm fine and I'm just making things up in my head?
My boyfriend offered to give me oral sex?
Could she be interested? and or does she like me?
Has this girl moved on? Women only.?
I'm a bit scared of him, what do I do?
Why did my dad find this news humorus?
Has this girl moved on? Women only.?
Asking my best friend to prom?
PLEASE guys, No one answered me. I'm dying inside right now.... DID I make a mistake? HELP ME OUT pls!?
I have no way of contacting my crush!?
I don't know why I don't have a GF, I'm confused?
Is wedding shower ok after wedding?
What u think ladies does she love me?
Why does the guy I'm dating have 3 different phone numbers?
how to turn down sexting w/out being a turn off?
I'm so UPSET!! Guys & girls please help me out pls.... HELP ME PLEASE?
how to chill out my mom?
Girls- Does she like me?
is it okay living single? How the long term single life?
18+Guys What does this mean 10ptz?
Please help me! Choosing one guy over the other (Please Read).?
Is it wrong to talk to an ex once in awhile if they are dating someone?
is he interested in me ? a bit maybe?
everything is now awkward between us. help!!!?
Is it bad when guy replies in morning instead at night?
Please help? what would you do? its crazy but i wanna marry her..?
Should I consider breaking up?
How To Get A Girl To Like Me. Easy 10 Points?
How can I calm my wife down ?
Is it ok to get with this girl?
i think im falling for my boyfriends friend?
can this relationship work?
Should I call my half sister \sister?\?
if i know i have been overbearing and bosy, how do i redeem myself?
problems with boyfriend?
Should I Tell Him What I Think..(long but would appreciate if you read)?
Bridesmaid Gift baskets?
I like my friend and he was nice, should I be more nice or back off?
Big crush problems (long details, but I really need help!!!!!!)?
Will she forget about Me?
Is it okay to lose your virginity to someone who mean nothing?
How to get over your first love?
Should I break up with my girlfriend?
Is age in a relationship a problem?
Does this girl like me?
I'm haunted by my past?
What your idea on this?
Okay for real though, am I in love?
Anybody!!!!!!!!!!!!!!?
Why did my girlfriend get embarrassed when..?
Should I follow my heart or just stay with the known comfy zone?
Okay, so I have a pretty strict dad, and when my iPod got stolen, he said I would work for a new one, but then?
Does dating site really work for anyone?
Why do I get treated like I'm easy?
Why is marriage even existant?
Could he have ment it or no?
How to make her first time right?
No one answered me.. Pleas please please . I need your help asap! 10pts. PLEASE HELP?
Girl whose boyfriend died, I want to ask her out?
My girlfriend cries a lot on her period?
How can I calm a girl down ?
Does he like me. I need advice.?
Please help guys! Boy issues?
Am i losing intrest in my girlfriend?
My crush is giving me mixed emotions. help please?
Please guys, help me out please. Should I text him to let him know I misunderstood.?
Is it weird me and my boyfriend haven't done any of this stuff?
Does she think I'm weird/creepy?
I'm mad at My friend what do I do?
Is he staring at me? Please, as many answers as possible, need perspective :)?
AM i loosing a friend ?
An older guy and im 16?
Should I break up with my boyfriend he does a lot of drugs and he said I need to accept him for him?
What are the chances of me getting a girlfriend in college?
women - do you feel it is ok to have you bra straps showing in public?
How should i tease my gf?
Should I still care about this girl or move on?
How tall will i grow up to be?
My girlfriend is afraid of me?
Girl messaging less before planned Coffee meetup?
how can I make my mean perants not be mad at me?
What does the phrase mean \He will want what you want?\?
I need to do this soon before my gf gets impatient and breaks up with me!?
Is she leading me on? Is it worth it anymore?
No one answered. Please help me. What he mean in the text? And he didn't text me back at all.?
What does the phrase mean \He will want what you want?\?
Ex and I haven't talked in a week?
What does the phrase mean \He will want what you want?\?
Is it bad that I sometime do not answer my mother phone calls?
Should I text my Long distance Girlfriend?
My roommate caught me masturbating and wouldn't stop staring?
I like my best friend brother?!?
rr?ate my ph(oto females please?
Friends W/ Benefits gone wrong. What should I do?
my boyfriend does drugs should I break up with him he won't change nothings working?
Should I call him back?
Is there any difference between the word \girl\ and \slut\ nowadays?
Please help me cope with this?
Setting two of my friends up?!?
Why do I still have feelings for her?
What should I do about my mom's bf and his son?
Did you and your friends ever give your crush a code name?
How to Calm a baby down before a flight?
I have a question about my girlfriend's behavior.?
What are your opinions on opposite-sex sleepovers?
My long distance gf hasn't texted me, Should I text her again?
Girls, I need advice!!!!!?
Why would my friend turn away from Christianity? i dont get it.?
My ex boyfriend still looks at me after a year? is there feelings there?
What is going on with her? I'm really starting to get upset :(?
Do guys like country girls?
when i talk with a strange girl, what will be the reaction and what will be the reply?
Who wantss to bee my new friendd?
my brother wants me to be his girlfriend?!?!?
How do I tell my girlfriend that her nose is really attractive (her nose is really beautiful!)?
My GF is toxic??????????
Is it bad to sleep in separate rooms if you're married?
thinking of comiting scuicide?
My GF is toxic??????
I am so confuse can someone help me please?
Girls what are your thoughts on a 21 year old virgin?
DOES THIS GIRL LIKE ME??
In a heterosexual couple, who should be responsible for the condoms?
How do I kiss a girl?
K so my girl gets mad cause i nessage an ex but.....?
Is He Changing His Feeling For Me Or What o_o?
I don't know how i feel about being with this guy.... opinions?
What's the thing that turns you on?
Help!! I'm freaking out, are we dating?
Am I doomed to die miserable and lonely and hating myself if I never get married or have kids or pets or gfs?
how do I tell my parents I want to date a girl?
How does weed affect a person and their emotions?
Am I attractive? Please just let me know?
Parents don't reward me?
Can you please write a vampire story?
Girls, please give advice?
This girl is always talking to me and following me everywhere?
could this mean he is the one?
I dont understand what does it mean to get over someone?
how to contact this guy?
Weight and dating life?
How do I move on from my toxic family and never look back?
Is 3 months too soon to say \I love you\??
How should I respond to this….?
(Easy 10 Points) Does she still like me?
my parents and i have went up to my girlfriends place and asked her father for her hand but he rejected?
Should I date this woman who is 10 years younger, is there a gap in maturity?
I really need some opinions, please help!?
what do i do if to boys move their eye brows at me?
how do i get my boyfriend to kiss me?
What do you think of my love poem?
Am I a douche for still thinking about her after we broke up?
Does he like me. I need to know.?
What's wrong with my guy friend?
Parents making big deal out of things?!?
Was she feelling sorry for me lol or does she kind of like me?
My mom is driving me crazy!!?
Would he like this? 10pts?
Is this weird? Is this okay?
GIRLS: What are some reasons why a girl would refuse a facebook chat with a male friend?
Should i ask her out?
Question for girls mainly: which is more important?
My parents won't let me have a boyfriend ?
How to i talk dirty to my girlfriend?
How can people change so much? Also what to do with necklace from ex?
i like this girl but we work together?
What should i do with her on Valentines Day?
We only text, what should I do?
i want to get my boyfriend to kiss me and how?
Girls your advice please....?
Is a guy interested in sex or something more?
What do i do when my supposed bff is a bitch to me behind my back?
Does she have a crush on me?
How to take a selfie with gf?
Girl has boyfriend but likes me?
How to be friends with a guy?
What does it mean if she keeps implying i like her?
Does this mean she is not over me?
When a guy confides in you?
I need help? Please.?
long distance & guys, HELP i'll answer your question?
I need help? Please.?
Does my friend like me?
Girls, would you text someone daily if you weren't really friends?
Was my boyfriend being a dick?
Should I stay with my long-term boyfriend or pursue a new guy I'm falling for?
Does he still even like or notice me?
I miss my old best friend?!!?
Girls what's your opinion on my Long Time crush?
Girls, What is she thinking? Did she lose interest? Please help?!?
Ways to seem sexy to a HS GUY?
Why does everyone see me as a naughty party girl? 10pts?
What are some good tips for riding a dick?
My best male friend has a crush on me how do I handle it?
Do you always tell your family and friends lies ?
Why is my name so wierd??:(?
Is this normal for my mums boyfriend to say this?
would my bf like this?!?
Who else lives with an uncaring family?
I need some advice on separation?
boyfriend issues please help!?
I want to kill myself..?
Different ways to prepare for bigger sizes?
Friend who doesn't seem to care?
where's my dad?????
Girls how would you feel if a guy didn't reply to your text message?
Girls: did she lose interest?
How do you know if you're bipolar?
My Best Friend and My Crush problem... :(?
I've never felt this way about anyone before?
Mother betrayed my trust?
Is it weird for a girl to eat more then her bf?
Does my boyfriend have to pay child support?
How can i start role play with my girlfriend?
Women - do you feel it is ok to have you bra straps showing in public?
why doesn't she want to admit that she hasn't gotten over me after 11 years?
How should I do something sexual for the first time with my girlfriend?
Why does someone that I care a lot about get mad every time I go out with my sister...?
Would really like a girlfriend, never had one, cant see it happening either. any advice?
Bad to be friends with this person?
What should I do please help?
Does age really matter when you love someone?
are guys okay with girls with small boobs?
POLL: How did you meet your husband/wife?
what do older guys really think of younger girls?
I need some serious dating advice?
Guys... If you really liked a girl then found out she was a virgin would it put you off?
Does the Boy Like Me?
Why Should Gay (Civil) Marriage be illegal in the U.S?
I keep lying and hurting people that care about me and love me?
Does it mean a guy likes you when they want you text them?
I'll answer yours? Do you think he's interested?
Why should I say no to 69?
What does it mean when a guy texts you first the doesn't reply?
How do I make my girlfriend lust after me? Are women just not lustful like guys are?
gggrrrr i feel so miserable without my ex!!!! help :'(?
Is he still a virgin?
What do you do when your sister puts her feet in your face?
Ladies, have you ever beat a guy in arm wrestling?
How would you act taking a guy out on a date?
What are some fun ways to spend Christmas Day while with family?
How to 100% get over ex?
Why do I never laugh anymore?
Should I confront him?
She randomly stopped texting me?
Someone please help! I don't know what to do! Have a boyfriend but like someone else like A LOT?
Girl in my college class keeps staring at me??????
GIRLS: Does this mean anything?
My bf has no job or car?
how can i ask her for her number,?
What does it mean when a guy does this?
Ladies, do you like to show off your feet?
Does this girl like me or what?
Why all the 20 yr old female drama?
Should I break up with him for this?
how can i talk to this girl ?
why would he ask this?
should i text him or wait until he does?
If someone is butthurt how long can that take to get over?
I think I'm gonna be a single forever, help me?
I met this girl-----?
Prom? Why did he ask about it?
Do i have to be married to sing at church ?
Huge introvert who can't seem to be confident in myself?
What is going on with this girl?
how do i stop resenting my husband?
How do I talk to my girlfriend about her eating problem?
I cancelled twice, still wants to see me?
which guy should i choose?
I need advice!!! what do i do?
YES OR NO do girls like wrestling with their bfs?
Why does my boyfriend like to rub my legs?
I went on a date and I really like this guy...?
I need some help with.my boyfriend?
Why does my dad hate me?
why does my ex keep asking this?
I dont't know how to kiss!! Help!?
PLEASE READ- do you think this was mean of my mom?
Relationship help asap?
There is a girl I really like but she is extremely shy. What should I do?
pregnancy symptoms or?
ex boyfriend keeps asking if i have a boyfriend?
If your friend said the guy you liked is a player, would you tell that to the guy if you get engaged?
He said 'I like you' .... Does he mean it?
How to get rid of this person in my house?
People wanna jump me so how do fight them off?
Do Royal Blue and Burlap go together in a wedding?
Should I move on or stay with my boyfriend of over a year?
omg, i kissed a woman, could you give me an advice?
Am I being too picky when looking for a girlfriend/wife?
I slapped my boyfriend during sex and he died, what do I do?
omg, i kissed a woman, could you give me an advice, please?
Does my friend like me more than a friend? Even though I have a boyfriend?
my boyfriend has had sex with two other girls why am i mad & jealous?s, why am I jealous?
Has my fiance cheated?
How to talk to a girl that is nervous?
16 and Never been kissed?
i really really really miss my ex... i have been so miserable?
Im 23 years old and a male, and scared to have sex? What to do?
What do I do with my best friend when they said they need \space\?
ok so i told this guy i like him by texting him and he still hasnt answered what should i do detailed question?
Popular guy flirts with me??
Am i wrong for telling my wife this ?
Is it ok for a guy to let his girlfriend or wife cheat on him?
A Virgin in a Crisis?
Help me with my relationship please!!?
He saw my boobs and freaked out i feel so bad ?!?
Why do girls get upset so easily ?
How to put it nicely?
Prom? Why did he ask about it?
How do you know if a girl is interested in you, and how do you flirt?
Does he think im a slut or what?
My dad just hit me for the first time and told me to leave home?
13 year old girl, what should I wear to a turkey wedding in June?
if my exhusband and I cohabited, does he still have to pay child support, he never had it modified?
my boyfriend called me fat?
I read my girlfriends texts. Found some concerning messages. Should I confront her?
How to know if a 'friendly' guy likes you?
Do guys like an outdoorsy kind of girl?
How to say sorry to someone you hurt?
What should I make my cousin for breakfast on the day of her wedding?
Girl has boyfriend but I think she's attracted to me?
How to become a pickup artist?
My boyfriend thinks im fat....??? 10 pts (PICTURES included)?
Chronic liar help? I need some sort of away to minimize my lying?
How do I ask this girl out by phone or in person so she'll say yes?
I'm 16 and i'm kind of afraid of relationships?
is acting nice to a friend that doesnt like you a good thing?
Do you think this guy likes me?
Why does everyone have different side to them?
What's going on with him?
My boyfriend thinks im fat....??? Satania asked 6 years ago last updated 3 months ago i guess sometimes I fee?
Should I stay with him after this?
Should I ask a mutual friend for friendship advice?
Does she like me and if so what do I do?
Is my idea of our wedding \pathetic\?
I'm talking to about6 guys at once... All wanting blojobs Ect? Help?
Does he at least like me as friends? HELP IN DESPERATE?
is it ok for me to be protective of her like i am?
Is my sister jealous of my relationship?
How do my boyfriend and I remain celibate?
i think I messed this up, what do you think?
Girlfriend and her prudish ideals are getting annoying?
How do i talk to him again?
Disappointed in a few guys?
i cheated on my girlfreind what should i do to make up for it?
My dad is making me go on vacation with him and my brother?
is their anyone who wants to kik?
Should I even care about dating anymore?
Is my hate for my ex \friends\ justified?
Guy advice!! What do I do about this guy?
Can someone help with my relationship troubles?
Promised my friend a birthday present but haven't been in contact since?
Does he see me as a friend? more or less?
What did this guy mean when he said, \Wow, what a hipster.\?
Does she think im cute? How to make her my girlfriend?
Is there something wrong with me?
I miss my girlfriends smell when shes not there?
Why am I having thoughts like this?
I like this boy at school he seems to be interested also but idk.?
How Do I Stop Thinking About Him?
Why did this happen with me?
what do i do . i miss him?
I had ... with a girl I met online....?
I caught dad cheating right on the dining room table?
What to say to a friend who cuts?
Does she have a crush on me?
what should I do about this guy?
Boys only Please????
I Said Something I Regret Please Help Urgent (Will Return The Favour)?
date but he hasnt called/text?
do you have to invite everyone from your wedding to the reception?
I lied to my long distant boyfriend and he won't forgive me... How can I save this relationship?
How can I help my friend?
Why is this a turn on for guys?
I have a half sister who has a step sister that step sister is not related to me at all. correct?
What did he mean by this??ill answer urs?
Do you Blame your Parents for any of the Bad or Negative you have recently experienced in Your Life?
based on how she answers this do you think she will go out with me?
What should I do I'm trying to watch the NFL game and my wife keeps flashing me from across the room?
i really like this girl but she doesnt like me back?
My boyfriend loves when I give him head. we also have alot of sex. we have been together for 4 years?
Why does this happen?
Why does this happen?
some much love and no one to give it to can you relate?
Guy asked me to be his girlfriend after only one date, way to fast? Playing Games?
sorry this is realated to the previous question?
This girl grabbed me what does it mean? I'm 17 btw?
This girl grabbed me what does it mean?
Is it weird to sleep in the same bed with a female friend?
Which one do you perfer?
How do you know that spouse love you?
Can you really have a friends with benefits?
What's up with my school grade and elders regarding me? *10 points*?
date but he hasnt called/text?
Why is it so difficult to find a lover once married?
New school with no friends?
I love to give my boyfriend head randomly. do guys like that?
a girl knows i like her help? any advice?
i have a boyfriend but we both lack in expirience how do we go from a kiss to making out? what if i screw up?
Does the room literally heat up when two people have sex?
What does it mean when a girl sends pictures of her face?
How can one argue that a stay at home mom (whose kids are in school) is not dead-weight?
Should I be worried about my friend joining a sorority?
What's wrong with me ....?
My boyfriend is a lot taller than me....?
I have a boyfriend … and a boy best friend?
What causes some girls (and guys) to feel entitled to the most attractive member of their desired sex?
What does it take to find a serious girlfriend?
I am looking for friendship to learn to write and speak English?
My dad's making me go on vacation with him and my brother?
why doesnt he understand how deep my love for him, and i could leave it all for him? everything.im no burden?
Would you stay with a man that cheated on you with your bestfriend?
Will someone help me prove a point to my little sister? Thanks!?
Divorce after 50 years of mental, physical, and verbal abuse?
MY 14 YEAR OLD BROTHER IS DRIVING ME CRAZY?
My mom told me she doesn't love me anymore?
Why did my boyfriend get mad over me driving after drinking?
Am I wrong about him?
Is the way my family talk to me patronizing? Or is it another word? (10 points)?
Husband doesnt last as long in bed lately...?
Should I ask how she feels about this other guy?
What should I do about this guy?
Help! My brother smashed my friends birthday cake present?
Does this guy like me?
HELP!!! How do I turn a guy on at school?
Is this considered rape?
peope who get Engaged at 19?
How to get a girlfriend if I'm shy?
my mother is pissing me off and idk what to do anymore??!?
Why did he give me this?
Please help: Does boys do this when they like a girl??? 10 points!! Does he think of me as a friend only?
how do i break up with my girlfriend?
My best friend likes my other best friend whom I love?
What does it mean why a guy gives you the nod?
relations with my guy friends...need advice?
Can you really have a friends with benefits?
REPOST, why do girls behave this way and how to handle the situation. Really SHORT {10 p}?
My Love. Dead. How to cope?
Need help !!! Is this ok?
what songs would you play at your wedding after party?
how do I keep my bisexual friend from flirting with me?
was she calling me her boy friend she said she loves her boyfriend i said when did u start saying boyfriend?
What's it like to be in a relationship?
Are you used at the scapegoat to others problems?
Boy wants to snog and that's all?
am i wrong i need help. please don't judge?
DOes she have a crush on me?
My girlfriend broke up with me,HELP!!!!!!!?
Things to talk to your crush about on text?
What is wrong with my room mate?
How important is a person's education background and job profession when looking for a significant?
Is my roommate being too controlling?
why are my compliments towards girls creeping them out?
Is it wierd that this would turn my boyfriend on?...?
How do I tell my parents I'm atheist?
im madley inlove with this chick but she ignores me and I dont know how to get over her please help?
Does my friend think that i am not his friend but something else? please help!!! 10 points!!!!?
Is me meeting this girl a coincidence?
I have a crush on my brother....?
Guys opinion on girls 17+ still having their virginity?
Guys opinion on girls 17+ still having their virginity?
Thinks to talk about with the girl you like?
why do bad boys and gangster like me.(20 pts)?
will this relationship be illegal?
How to act like you're not interested in a guy?
my crush keeps staring at me?
Why can't I forget my crush (long details, but I really need help)?
Why wont my parents let me go anywhere?
What means does this mean?
How should i tell her?
how can I convince my gf to get married in the u.s.?
I think my parents have disowned me?
how do you know your crushing on a person?
Guys, How do I get my husband back?
help!my family hates me?
I am soo confused with my life?
Should i stop talking to her? i know shes worth it but. help?
What do guys think of girls who don't wear makeup?
Are guys really mean to girls when they like them?
Why is my mum like this!?
Guys am I being played?
should I change school please read why I want to change it!!?
Have anyone ever used this dating site divorcedating.com?
How would you read what she said,who is she talking about?
Is it crazy to get married when you're broke?
My dad threatened my mom PLZ ASNWER?
Me and my girlfriend's relationship.?
I really like this guy, what should I do?
Advice for first (sober) date?
have you ever told someone who has a boyfriend or girlfriend that you like them?
My friend cuts her wrist. How do I talk her out of it?
Does he like me or is he just being a good friend?
Playing hard to get or not interested?
What do you think about this situation?
Why do men like women with really deep voices?
this friendship got WEIRD?
Is it possible to be married online with the bride and groom in different locations..?
Should i simply give up?
Am I expecting too much of him...?
Should you divorce your spouse of 12 yrs. Because family dislikes them?
This single guy at work ?? Please someone answer !?
Should I go out with a serial dater?
I am soo confused with my life?
Why was he smiling? Did I make myself look silly? >.<?
Pleaaasee give me some advice with this girl!!!?!!?
Can someone help me help my best friend make sense of this situation.?
why is he so mean to me?
How do I tell the girl I like, that I like her?
pretty please answer this. how do you avoid heartfelt feelings?
how to avoid being reminded of love? without getting evil?
Sorry, this question went in the wrong category the 1st time! Can you advise me about my homeless boyfriend?
Should I ignore that he dumped me, then came back because he's homeless?
How to get over a bf?
Places that ladies have cheated at?
I feel suicidal over unplanned pregnancy? Has anyone felt the same way?
My mum and her boyfriend broke up?
i feel so bad thinking this way?
Can I touch my girlfriend's butt?
i need advice on this guy...?
What should i do? should i give up?
what should i do after brakin up with my girl friend?
Why does millionaires match website keep on deleting my accounts?
Nobody can understands me in my family?
If girls don't like guys to wear make up, how do they expect guys to have handsome face(10 points)?
what did she mean when she said….?
He says he doesn't want a relationship. Will that ever change?
(Part 2) I love my bf but I think I like his best friend...?
What should I do about my current boyfriend? I am really confused!!! :(?
Is he jealous of me dating another guy?
Is it considered silly for a woman to read romance books?
Do I have a right to be angry at my lap dancing GF?
I don't want my brother as a roommate?
what is wrong with my housemate?
If you are going to love,love strong?
should I keep talking to him ? thank you?
Is my boyfriend for real?
what should i do???.........................................?
Why do I hate everyone?
I need opinions, why did he do this?
men..would you ever do this to your girlfriend or wife?
What should I do? Sometimes he really makes me hate him:(?
Why is my mom so overprotective and how can I make her stop?
If you can't get over it is it called love?
Does he like me, I'm very confused?!?
Boyfriend can not finish with me anymore?
Please help! What do I do?
Why did he react like this...?
Girls, do you think she lost interes? Please help!?
Friends are at each other's throats, and I'm caught in the middle? What do I do?
First date with a single mom?
Is this song depressing?
Questions about getting fingered?
Questions for men and women?
my boyfriend is a picture trader?
Are These Girls Jelous Of Me? Or Wat's Up With Them?
Is it over or fixable?
My Fiance Is Wrong For What He He Said and should i ever forgive him?
Met a great guy but don't feel like kissing him, why?
Does the good outweigh the bad with my BF?
My mom found cigarettes in my room?
What have I done wrong? Girltrouble?
my girlfriend texts her ex bf everyday, but says there's nothing. how should I react? (women only)?
Is she interested in both of us?
Honestly, was I played?
are guys turned on by a girl's fragrance?
If u love someone and that person doesnt love u. should u give up?
Why isn't she answering me back?!?
How do you get shy guys to come out of their shell?!?
How Do I Make Myself Stop Liking My Friend?
Wedding dress for the over forties?
does she like me back?
Why did he react like this?
PLEASE: I'm a 22-year-old man who is dating a 29-year-old woman, is that weird or concerning?
Why is it that most confident and good looking guys are assholes?
Can playboys change fr a girl?
Girlfriend's sexual past? Issue?
im scared to french kiss....will my boyfriend hate me if im a bad kisser?
Guys&girls help me please: Should I move on or keep trying? 10pts?
Does he like me as more than a friend xxx?
Childless couples: do you consider yourselves a family?
Are biracial men who marry black women generally accepted more so than....?
Family problems..,... Please answer?
Why is she uncomfortable coz she is shy?
I had a dream about my crush (READ DETAILS!)?
My mom yells at me for every little thing?
Do guys get jealous even when they say they're not?
How to make him believe me?
What do you think I should do?
i asked her out and she tells me things that i don't want to hear. whats going on!!?
meeting an old classmate?
I need opinions over a gift for my boyfriend?
Why did he give me this?
why would he do this stuff?
Should i have felt bad for buying this??????
what could i be doing wrong?
Friends with Benefits!?
Why my friend didn't believed me?
How come I feel so small next to my boyfriend but sometimes I feel way taller than him?
I'm embarrassed of what I did during a party - What should I do?
Is it a good idea to ask her or? and how should I?
had a bad fight with my man?
What Is Going On With My Female Friend?
Is it bad that I haven't kissed my boyfriend yet?
why did he say this?
How to act like you're not interested in a guy?
how do I show I like demi lovato more?
How do I talk to my crush?
How should I feel about my Ex calling me fussing?
why do boys treat me like this?
I like this guy, but he misses his ex?
How do you feel when you are being fooled by someone you trust?
How do I make friends with her?
Since I changed my relationship status to \in a relationship\ everyone is asking me out?
what did he mean by this?
I proposed a girl on facebook and she saw the msg but didnot reply anything.?
im a 41 year old male and am trying to get sex, how should i treat a lady?
I cant see a light at the end of the tunnel for my broken heart?
I have loved him for 9years, should i or not?
Real or fake breast: what do you prefer?
Women : Like to kiss or touch a guy?
I want to have this gorgeous babe in my life. is this a good love letter?
What do I think of this guy?
Do girls like tall guys ?
My EX and Drunk texts . . ? please answer?
Relationship advice !?
Can someone please help?
why do we always feel attracted to bad boys with a dangerous vibe to them?
my ex left me for a hoe i want him to regret it?
Girlfriend has obsession with Germans?
where do i take our relationship now please answer before 1/26/14?
My parents won't let me stay over on my boyfriend's house?
How do I make my girlfriend lust me for sex?
Girlfriend wants break after 1 year and 8 months can space work ??
How do I talk to people, make true friends?
Time with grandparents, what to do?
Im moving away in a week should I break up with my girlfriend?
How to get more intimate with my boyfriend?
My boyfriends ex won't leave him alone?
How do i know if he is interested?
My ex who denied his daughter for 4 yrs wants custody but he has a violent past need help?
Best Necklace/Dogtags for teenage couples?
How to tell if a shy guy likes me?
What does it mean when a women says this ?
i accidently said i love you on first date with my boyfriend!!?
Guys pls help: Should I move on or ask him to get coffee? 10pts?
My fiancé wants a threesome what do I do?
How to kiss my girlfriend on her nosestud?
I'm gonna be a father, but I'm not happy about it?
What does this text message from an ex means?
how long do you wait to tell her you love her?
How should I ask her out?
Hi thers a playboy who would always chase me only wn he sees me like after a gap of one month he saw me again?
how soon to contact guy in question after date?
Is this song depressing?
Should I go to my best friend's daughter birthday party ? Please Help.?
My good friend's best friend died and I'd like to do something nice for her. Any Ideas?
so my cousin she is 19 about to be 20 and she came to live with us in early September her parents?
is the cinema a decent place to ask a girl on a first date?
Does he like me more than a friend?help!!?
What is your definition of cheating?
how to get my bf to talk to me again? PLEASE HELP!!!?
Has being with two faced ppl ever happened to you ?
in school everybody likes me but I have no friends?
Am i ever going to get a boyfriend?
How can I move on from my first love? What should I do?
Hi I wanted to know if a playboy stays interested until u give him sex or evn before that?
Why are asian dad/white mom kids so rare?
Men and women who are \experienced\: do you enjoy giving/getting... ?
He asked my friend about me? does that mean he likes me?
I think I fall out with people too much?
What do I do about a husband who doesn't work very much while I put in 40+ hours a week?
Why was this older woman looking at strangely?
My husband has become more concerned towards his parents?
How to kiss on it..............?
Relationship advice been together for a 1 year and 8 months and she wants space?
is something wrong with me?
Sex tips for a virgin?
Why are Baptist church services sooooo long?
What would help me get over my dad+grandad?
How can you make yourself come off as much more than a friend, to a guy that is your friend.?
Tips for a virgin....?
I'm attached to this man, but all he wants is sex chat?
Is it ok to text a girl happy valentines day?
Can someone help, please?
I had sex with a 63 year old woman?
I had a dream that I killed my ex boyfriend's ex girlfriend?
Girls, I need help?!?
Would my boyfriend like this birthday gift?
How can I get out of a family meal?
I need a help on the topic of my friends. :(?
Being friends with ex? Will it draw him close or further?
Really want my beautiful life back?
What does it mean when he says this?
how to be together again after many years apart?
What are the ways a girl can approach a guy without seeming desperate?
How to ask women for sex politely?
Need some new songs about being lonely, betrayed, sick of people, etc.?
are we a item or not?
Most erotic discreet place to take a lover so spouse won't know?
my parents fight im so sad?
Does he love me or using me..?
Why are they Silent for?
What helps you escape?
Signs a guy likes you?? Need everyones help!!?
What type of porn do heterosexual women like to watch?
can you fall in love after 2 years?
Why do my friends tell me everything even when its none of my business?
I like this guy and I don't know if he likes me back ? What can i do to find out if he likes me ?
Is it okay that I still don't know what I want to do with my life yet?
How to attract a classmate?
What relation did you have with your ex/current boyfriend before the relationship?
My friend lied to me about these things. Should I still be friends with him?
My boyfriend said that he loves me, HELP!!?
Should I go back to a video game forum that I left 2 years ago?
WHAT WILL YOU DO IN THIS ENVIRONMENT? PLS HELP?
Why did my ex bring me out on my birthday?
Is it weird to sleep in the same bed with a female friend?
How do I get myself out've this lie?
What do You do when you lose your best friend?
Should I send a happy birthday text to my ex?
My wife wants to watch a movie with another man, WTF?
Does my ex boyfriend love me?
why did she stop speaking to me now?
Went to lose virginity with girlfriend but could't get properly hard and so it never happened?
What are the ways a girl can approach a guy without seeming desperate?
Is it a good idea to live with my husband and my sister?
How can i reduce being too demanding?
need help what i do with my ex , should i leave him?
Is being a virgin a bad thing?
How to convince my parents to let me get my belly pierced?
How do I get a girlfriend if I'm ugly and shy?
When you talk to your friends, do you talk a lot about your lovers?
how do people have the guts to CHEAT on people they love?
is it normal to say thankyou on behalf of someone else?
Is it ok to wish a girl happy valentines day through text?
how are you meant to move on from someone you still really love?
Why is he being more affectionate suddenly?
Question for girls mostly: what is more important?
I am a sex addict. how do I stop myself from cheating on my wife?
What does he really mean or actually wants?
Am I too young for a boyfriend?
Kissed this girl last night - wanting to take the next step? (female perspective please)?
Is this a good compliment from a friend?
My boyfriend needs help with his friends!?
My friend and I have grown apart?
He disappeared and removed me from his contact-- I mean he's gone?
my boyfriend flirting with other women on social media?
How to break up with a friend?
HELP!** Ex wants me back?
2am text.. how should I reply?
My family issues and am I spoiled kid?
should i apologize to my husband?
I'm Chinese I want to find a American friends?
I tossed off my boyfriend?
Girlfriend expects oral,but won't reciprocate!?
how do I shut my brain off?
how do I ask her out?
What do girls want from boys?
I kicked my boyfriend out my house…did I make the right decision?
One more question, i dont know what to do!!?
I can't leave my gf of 8 years help?
is my coworker in love with me or just being friendly?
Help! I need some friendship advice?
What should i do when someone offers me a help ?
Is my girlfriend too dominant?
Did she tell him the truth?
My tactic for hitting on girls is pretty bad?
should i apologize??PLEASE HELP ME!!!?
Went to lose virginity on Sat with girlfriend but couldn't get properly hard so didn't do it?
Is this girl GENUINELY interested, or is she using me for attention during her college winter break?
can you fall in love with someone you've never met?
confused should i break up or not?
A 40 year old virgin -what do you think?
Should I ask her to remove the urns?
I want to Cheap Groomsman Gift Idea. Any help ?
Am I a bad mother for giving my son treats?
Is it ok for my girlfriend to go for drinks with a male friend?
Do guys think pepperoni nipples are ugly?
What is your dream family?
Should I Dump My Boyfriend?
How can I get a boy to stare or slap my butt?
My mum is drunk and I don't know what to do?
How to make my parents accept for my love?
Are these texting habbits unusual?
Is it bad I can't stop wanting to have sex with my bf?
Should I kill my friend?
Am I single because of my colour? BEST ANSWER PLEASE?
Should people get married? Is there a point/reason anymore?
Why he suddenly ignored me?
Is it OK to meet up with a friend of an ex?
Why don't people believe that Cold Sores are the Herpes virus?
Should I go to the Funeral?
WOMEN: Would you Date/Marry a Man with Mental Illness?
I have a problem with my boyfriend...?
Is it OK to meet up with your ex friend?
when a guy gets angry when you agree with.him?
Help me friends pls....?
There's this guy and we've been Best friends for a year now?
Am i a spoilt brat??
Girls--Do you find it Cute when a guy falls asleep on your shoulder?
Need some advice on this situation?
Denied access all of a sudden!!?
I think I hurt her feelings need help please?
Im always annoyed at him for no reason?
What to do about abusive step dad?
How to convince my parent to let me get my belly button pierced ?
Why does he ask me silly questions instead of just asking me out already?!?
have you ever needed someone so bad? have you ever wanted someone you just couldnt have?
why does she read my messages but never reply?
Should I be embarrassed about this, please help?
My crush can't keep secrets.?
My bf says kids with me would upset his kids?
why is he acting this way ?
should i be angry or am i over reacting?
Why am I jealous of my ex even though I love my husband?
Why do I feel so jealous about by ex even though I love my husband?
why would someone ask you to dance for them?
I want to do something special for my military sibling!?
Should women be at home cooking 'Healthy' meals for their children ?
How do I keep him from talking to me so much without being rude?
How do I know if a guy likes me?
Is there a possibility it might be me? Plz answer!?
My doesn't understand I don't want to model?
How do you know a guy is a player?
Boyfriend issues. He called me a friend?
He Just Disappeared..Do you Know Why?
Plz i ask this question befor but did not get enough info and answer?
Should i have a threesome :)?
My friend never gives a straight answer?
I just want to know if my crush like me back?
how can I make a guy horny?
What did you want to be when you grew up and not that you are grown have your dream life?
Should I be embarrassed about this, please help?
Petty argument, but who's in the wrong?
Sorry for posting again but I need more answers? What to do I have a boyfriend but like someone else A LOT?
How to get a girlfriend if I'm very shy?
how to heal after a breakup ?
So confused have a boyfriend but very strongly like someone else?
Why did this boy give a compliment to this other girl?
how can u heal after breakup ?
Is there any way possible to mend this friendship?
why does my sister think I'm jealous of her when she's 17 nd pregnant WTF?
if a guy rejected you should you still try once more?
Is it okay for me to date a guy whose 3 years older than me?
My friends and my annoying sister help?
Do you feel 'pity' on this guy?
Telling others your a brony?
How to tell others your a brony?
Did i do the right thing by leaving him?
My borther wants me to be his girlfriend!?
is bad to exercise when you're horny/hard ?
what should i do about this feeling so confused right now?
why does a girl want a guy to be their friends even if that guy is hot and handsome?
A guy used to stare me now he avoids me doesnt even come near me. :/?
Is it a little odd that this guy I'm dating is 22 and just got his 1st girlfriend?
Is it strange that I find real life sex to be just as \perfect\ as porn?
Is \afraid of getting hurt\ just an excuse?
Why Did My Crush Say This?
I miss my girlfriend, she is my soul mate, do you think she also misses me?
Do shy guys become shy around every girl or just the ones they do like?
what does it mean when a girl's feelings is reciprocated?
I like a girl but she has a boyfriend?
what should I do her cause I don't know?
Girl problem :/ 10 points for best answer?
I don't want to love my girlfriend anymore?
I am having problem with my friends!?
hii, am i good looking? when u look at me what type of person do u think i am?
How do you feel if your boyfriend calls you beautiful/gorgeous?
Am i alittle over protective over my friends and family?
How do you feel if your boyfriend calls you beautiful/gorgeous?
Is my ex trying to get me back?
Why would anyone want to date a bully?
What should I do?? I'm starting to feel depressed!!?
which is best online dating or hook up website whic is free of cost?
Why she left me hanging? Is it a type of rejection?
He said something weird...?
How to start a relationship with someone?? Please help!?
I want to sleep with my manager?
How do I tell my girlfriend that her nose is really attractive (her nose is really beautiful!)?
): Tired of having no friends to talk to ..?
Should I tell this woman she has the more beautiful feet in the world?
Opposite sex attraction problem?
How do couples meet when they are sober?
Can a Indian muslim groom marry with a bhutanese buddhist bride ? was it legal?
Girls, do you get mad if guy flirts with you but...?
I wanna stop... Advice?
Asking a girl out what to say?
guys only answer this. I need help its about sex?
Does she like me? nervous.?
Advice? Is he interested?
My gf is txting the guys she cheated on me with. Should I be worried?
Why do females always act so fragile if...?
Would guys judge? I'm giving online dating a try. I'm 24?
Should I ask him to the military ball?
My gf is best friends with this one guy.. Should I be worried?
Do you have a good relationship with your family?
My girlfriend stopped talking to me. It's long but I really need help! Please :(?
Date with single mom last night?
Are there times that sisters can beat up their brothers?
Did you have your own room as a child, or did you have to share with a sibling?
What was you're worst/funniest 1st date experience?
My friend is a christian and he loves a Muslim girl can he marry her ?
Do you think i have a chance with her?
Scared to talk to girls?
Guy and self-harm problem. I need advice.?
Tired of being told, your a nice guy you can get a girl easy?
Bad idea? (Fixing things)?
How can I find a long lost sibling with nothing to go on?
Please help.................guy issue ?
Would you say anything?
Do you feel 'pity' on this girl?
Would you say anything?
is it bad that I talk to my ex?
Should I be worried about this?
Why did this boy give a compliment to this other girl?
My girlfriend wants to take up social activity but I'm not sure?
Im 16 and never liked a guy before?
poll: When a nice guy suddenly becomes mean?
Is it normal for a guy to go so slowly with a girl if he really likes her?
Need answer within 10 mins please i will choose your answer as best if it makes sense or save my butt?
Please help! Will i stop missing him soon?
My boyfriend is too busy for me?
How can I tell if my friend is lying to me?
Will me and my friend talk again?
He's over at some girls house drinking, i feel so dumb.?
if you ask a woman out in a bar and she says I want to get to know you first cause I don't really know you?
How did you get your first kiss?
Help! Is he trying to break up with me?
What does grinding mean in this circumstance?
Why do people stay in relationships even though their friends express their objections?
Should i tell a girl she is pretty?
so girls can you please explain? does she like me?
Um ok, so I've been thinking of writing a love story and I need title ideas?
So am I being played?
Girls what it mean when u say?
How would I know if this guy likes me?
why does he vanish for days?
I'm jealous of my aunt. plz help me?
Can anyone relate to me?
My boyfriend is coming over for the first time tomorrow?
My friend told my secret?
Should we still use condoms or not?
I'm going to ask a girl out, what do I do when she says yes?
How to know if a girl is mad at you. Please help!!.?
Does this boy like me?
What are signs a girl dislikes you or is playing hard to get?
I really like her but?
This girl I like is bisexual?
Advice about my boyfriend?
Why doesn't he want me to see him play?
What song should I play for her on my accordion?
Which type of men do you like?
am I wrong? is she clingy?
Is it normal to not get over someone, after 6 months of not knowing from them?
Should i break up with my boyfriend...because of another guy?
How to get my friend with benefits to be my girlfriend?
Where can I find a low priced Berta Bridal or Inbal Dror Wedding Gown?
Is it wrong if I have this urge to have s*x to my bf?
I don't want what he wants -.-?
I need advice! about a guy.?
My step-son doesn't love me, been 3 years. Will he ever? Is it my race?
What does it mean when I dream about my best guy friend?
Men: why do I feel so tired and heartbroken?
My girlfriend left on an lds mission what is the chance we will be together when she's back?
Why do I feel lonely all of a sudden?
Why did this boy give a compliment to this other girl?
Does she like me or just social?
My mom and I are having problems, what should I do?:(((?
Should i tell my gf about my insecurities?
What can I say to her to show I care?
do you guys also like how your gf's skin smells?
Who's wrong and what do I do?
DO I HAVE A PROBLEM...or is this normal?
whats with all these questions about staring?
Is it a bad idea to ask a girl out on a date through text?
Should I ever take my wife back after cheating in the distant future?
can you help me please ?!?!?
Can parents view iphone history on the phone bill?
I feel like she might be playing me help me pleass?
Help Answer for Answer?
Why do people think waiting for marriage to have sex is a bad thing?
18 year old girl who looks young for her age?
do you guys think he likes me? best answer gets 10 points!?
My best friend and me are growing apart?
He's too touchy in public, how do I ask him to slow down?
What to do about a friend I hate?
Should I tell this girl she is pretty?
what if your girlfriend is pregnant? and i wanna marry her but her dad doesn't agree to our relationship ?
My boyfriend saw my self harm cuts?
my boyfriend of four years won't marry me?
My boyfriend is extremly protective. Advice thanks! 10 p?
Things to do without friends?
Is this a good plan for my anniversary ?
Should I beat up this kids?
LADIES!! Again, I need you!?
Is my mom being harsh, and extreme?
Please i need advice?
How do you keep in contact with an ex, knowing you guys want to be together in the future?
Is this a sign of flirting from a girl?
Only older/married men EVER hit on me??!!?
ask her to go to dinner with me?
I have no friends anymore?
I lied to my boyfriend.. I feel guilty what to do!? Thanks 10 p?
Why doesn't my gf trust me ?
Peer Pressure; Drugs/Cool Crowd?
What is the best way to deal with a monster mother in law?
was he being serious or just being nice?
Would you tell your friend you like them as more than a friend?
Who should walk me down the isle on my wedding day?
Should I have responded?
Should i ask for a chance again?
Should I forgive him or na?
LADIES!! School related dating?
Why my Girlfriend don't like when i last Longer?
LADIES!! School related dating?
What could be wrong with my husband, doesn't want to have sex with me?
How to plan a simple wedding?
How to get this GIRL too like me again?
Why do some ppl think same sex couples dont know how to parent?
Whats the difference between making love and f'ing?
My girlfriend is not contacting me?
What should I do in this situation.?
I cheated on my ex 2 years ago..?
If you're over 18 do you tell friends you're meeting someone online?
I really need advice and opinions about this?
Shy guy and a shy girl?
Sex on a cruise ship?
GUYS How would you act around a girl you like?
How do you know if a girl likes you?
Do you think he likes me?
how to gather up the confidence to ask guy to dance?
Why would he call me blocked but not unblocked? HELP PLS?
Why does my wife love this ?
Do girls like guys who really care for them? (GIRLS ONLY)?
What should I do about my best friend ignoring me?
how do I make it not awkward?!?!?
my mom is going to die?
how to tell my parents i want to model clothes?
What are some suggestions to get my best friends for their 15th??!!?
When a guy says \leave me alone\?
I told her I liked her no response?
how to tell if someone is better than me?
How to ask my crush if he likes me back?
Should I do this or is it weird?
Girls, How bad did it hurt when you lost you virginity?
What to do with a religious girl?
22 year old virgin, still not confident at introducing myself to girls?
Does he like me?????!?
Was I in the wrong or was he?
She just stopped texting me?
Ladies: Would you date a nurse?
IS THIS just friendliness?
I was suicidal but this girl helpped me should I tell her?
I get so frustrated when my parents make fun of my music.?
My husband freaked out what do I do?
How would you hint at a shy guy to ask you out?
Is it possible to believe your ex fiancee saying over and over again, we will eventually be again?
I wore my husbands underwear?
Why might he be acting this way? *More details in the description*?
How do I say I really love him?
Do you males act this way to your crushs? \ 20 points and I will ans back\?
Why did she grab my arm?
22 year old virgin, still not confident at introducing myself to girls?
I'm never fed a real meal...?
Guys: POLL please answer I will answers yours:?
any day can change the rest of your life means what?
Found crush's kik. Should I talk to him?
Mother in law blues please help?
how do I get my boyfriend to understand I don't care that he watches porn?
what does it mean if a girl shakes the hand and says hello instead of walking away?
Why Dont Boys Like Me?
How do I forget her? How do I fix my heart? Make it go away.?
Ladies: What do you think of male nurses?
Brothers and Sisters in Christ what is your personal relationship with Jesus Christ like?
What do I think of this guy?
How is the best way to communicate to my ex fiancee my new phone number, new email after she have restrain or?
how do I ask her out?
I want a gift from my boyfriend.?
I need advice!!! Please :)?
Be honest please! Picture included?
Does this make sense to you?
What does it mean that I have no friends?
Does it mean my boyfriend wants to be with me forever? Please answer. (10 Points!)?
Does he like me??? Sorry for it being so long! Serious answers only please (:?
Will I ever get a girlfriend?
Do I stick around or give up?
Please help me :((((?
Ladies, put these sitcoms in order of your favorite?
How to get him to sleep?
How long until we should be \boyfriend/girlfriend\?
The person I'm in love with is out of my reach?
What does she think of me?
How do I nicely ask my friend to pay me for the item I bought him?
Is he really there or not..?Does he really love me?
Am I too thin to attract girls??? Pics?
I have a major crush on my best guy friend! HELP!?
Can being in love make you sick?
Girl I like tells me she misses me and hopes to see me soon?
How long do you think it'll be before I have sex with this girl?
Was I abused if I was drinking but didnt say no?
I just ruined my friendship with my best guy friend by getting feelings involved. Help!?
what is my crush going to do once she i let her know she is not my type, do i just hug her alot?
Should I be fighting a guy?
what does he really want?
Why is she so immature?
How do I approach this girl for her number?
Why would a girl giggle at a guy?
i Like Pierce the Veil. how can i tell my parents?
how long should i wait to text her again?
How come men like women that are bald headed, but will not like a chick with natural hair?
Should I always text him first?
why does my ex spread rumors ?
Couples, who has stronger legs in your relationship, the guy or the girl?
(Female)I think I was abused and its affecting my marriage?
what does it mean when your boyfriend rubs his dick on you vagina?
Is looks and a hot body everything!?
I want her back so bad?
i dont know if im still a virgin?
How can i tell my parents?
How should I feel about my Ex calling me fussing?
Do you think she likes me? serious answers please!?
Should I even bring it up?
How to talk to someone else's parents when you were abused by your own (not about abuse)?
Does he like me or am I exaggerating?
what would YOU do in this scenario?
when is it okay to fart in front of a girl?
Should I keep pursuing this girl? Or just move on..?
What do you think of not putting pic on dating profile to not be pre-judged?
was my dad wrong to do this?
how to get over a break up from a 3 year relationship?
Shall I delete my childhood friend out of my life forever? Please read this, I really need your advice!?
what do I do my guyfriend who is 31 wants to have a baby with me.?
Why does she mention this guy?
Does he like me? opposites attract or just being nice/ friendly?!?
How do I talk to her without making it awkward?
Is it a drunk guy or a dead body?
I think my crush likes me back? What to do?
Why do smart girls always act stupid around me?
Guys what does my ex mean?
My friend is getting bullied what should i do?
Is it true that you shouldn't buy your wife any shoes because.......?
Friendship advice please!?
Have you ever dated a chick with epilepsy, and what did you do?
Should I ask this girl out?
Have you ever dated a chick with epilepsy, and what did you do?
Girls when you have one night stands do you enjoy the sex ?
My boyfriend broke up with me?
Is this cute, creepy, or lame?
Am I falling for my nerdy friend? And should I stop myself?
GIRLS: Does this mean anything? (help!)?
What is your dream wife like? Is there any race you wouldn't date?
What make certain boobs, butts and vaginas nicer than others?
How dose child support and family maitness work?
Why dosent she respond to fb messeges?
Since when does \ex girlfriend take precedent over wife?
How can I forget someone who keeps showing up?
He's using me for sex and I can't help but like him?
Am I overracting with my boyfriend?
How can I forget someone who keeps showing up?
Is a 7.5 inch penis considered big for a 15 year old?
My Sister came out to me last night, I sort of already knew she was gay but was hoping it wasn't true.?
I'm making my friends jealous, I think I went too far.?
When you get slapped turn them the other cheek?
Does this junior like me? please help?
What does it mean when a girl says \you dont have to\ when i offer her something?
Why a girl do this to a guy?
why wont my husband have sex with me...married less than a year?
Does the No Contact rule actually work?
Should I still be his friend?
Can a short guy get a beautiful girl?
when a guy chickens out from having sex?
Does Anyone Know Any \Cute\ Names To Call A Girl?
I think my boyfriend has been talking to a girl on facebook?
Need advice if you stayed with someone after they cheated?
told a girl I like her but she doesn't feel the same... Do I give up on her?
My crush is ignoring me... help!!!?
Help with a prickish friend?
Why did he react like this?
What should I do about my crush??
How do i handle this boy i know?
She said were rushing to fast…what do I do?
Do I have a bad mother?
If a girl did this to you would you give up on her?
What should I buy this girl to let her know i want to have sex with her?
Do you think she likes me!?
Would you date this guy?
Should I ask this girl out?
In your marriage, which spouse cooks dinner?
If a man is abusive to one woman, will be the same with other women?
Girls Only. Can a short guy make up for his height by having an amazing body?
How long should I wait to have sex in new relationship?
Why would my mom cheat on her future husband right before the wedding?
Female opinion concerning ex fiance/girlfriend?
Do they both like me?? 10 points?
Does he like me or is just playing me?
I changed myself for a guy and now I am so lost?
what does it mean when a guy looks at you when you are not looking?
My boyfriend is mad at me, help?
My boyfriend and I are both really shy... help?
Boy I liked stopped talking to me and is now acting different?
Ladies, Fellas, something you like or feel its a chore?
My boyfriend is mad at me, help?
What does it mean when a guy says this?
How old is too old to be friends with benefits?
How to convince my girl friend she is gorgeous?
My dad is always really mean?
My boyfriend is mad at me, help?
He's still not over his ex? What should I do?
Please help, should I give up on him?
Why won't my guy friend tell me what's wrong with him?
Is Dating harder for overweight men or overweight women?
what does it mean when a guy says this?
My Female Is Just Being Normal Right?
Is she flirting with me?
which name suits this guy more?
Guy I like says he's ending it with gf?
20 year old female crushing on a 16-17 year old boy?
Should I tell her I like her?
i miss him so bad what to do?
Safe To Say She Wants Nothing To Do With Me?
Would this be a bad idea?
Please help, I thin I really like this guy.?
Is it okay for a girl to take the first move?
How can I be more liked among people?
Does she have a crush on me?
Why does my little brother do this?
Ladies: Why do I get hit on by married women so much?
do guys act this way to girls they like or not?
listen to your heart. have you ever listen to your heart before. has your heart ever talk to you.?
Please answer! This is an emergency and nobody else will answer!!!! I need advice!?
He's still not over his ex and I'm feeling really broken up?
Question about virginity?
How to get my ex back :'x?
What does he want from me?
What does it mean when a guy looks at you when you are not looking?
What's wrong with a sex dream? why was he uncomfortable telling me?
How, when, and where did you meet your SO/Fiance?
Guys! do you think a guy likes when a girl take interest?
How come I haven't been able to get over my ex?
My friend likes me...?
Does she hate me? Im confused help?!?
Since all girls hate short guys should I just give up on finding a girl?
Do you think the government should offer free genetic testing to couples who are engaged/married?
I have only been married for three weeks and he has been cheating!!!?
Why is my ex girlfriend sending me pictures of her baby she just had with her boyfriend?
Will he talk to me again first if i do this though i have never left him alone?
Would you date a girl who wants to wait until marriage to lose her virginity?
What is this girl's deal?
I really need some help with this!!! Im really depressed?
How do I deal with this situation?
Do women talk about their boyfriends \private stuff\ with their friends?
Im 16 &' He's 20? 11 points best andwer?
Why do tall boys always date short girls? (Teenage boys only under the age 17)?
Why was my brother so mad when he saw I had a hickey?
Will I get laughed at?
Why would a guy say he's not jealous when he really is?
How to gain my pride and dignity back after an unfair break up? feeling down..Really need your advise.?
Is He Ashamed of Me? 11 points best answer?
I need help on this matter. It is a bit long but any help will be great :)?
What is he thinking?!?!? Please answer!! I will help you?
Does this guy i really like..like me?
10 points Which name sounds best?
Lost my soul mate and true love?
Is it a good enough reason? And am I mentally unwell?
What is your experience with online dating?
How to gain my pride and dignity back after an unfair break up? feeling down..Really need your advise.?
how to tell if a guy likes you?
Question for girls mostly: which is more important?
Is there such a thing as love at first sight?
Do boys like girls who skateboard or like motorcycles?
when a guy wants you to.give him incentive not to leave?
boy trouble, please help!?!?
what do u think about guys?
Things are weird with my coworker/ex. What do I do?
How would you start this conversation?
Why did he give me this?
Does he like me or am I exaggerating?
Is this a good idea for a first date?
my teenager hates his life?
Turns out partner of one yr has a baby they didn't know about?
Ladies,would you date a guy with a lot of tattoos?
Do guys get jealous even when they say they're not?
How should I respond to this guy?
What do I do in my first sexual interaction with a boy?
When you date guys should you tell them you won't sleep with them?
Should I confront my bestfriend?
Anniversary gift idea help?! please?
I'm 28 and I want to convince this 19 year old guy to marry me?
I know this is weird but not accepting my FB friend request, maybe he likes me?
I called my GF a brat. Should I apologize even if I'm right?
Does he sound like he is interested?
Should I have a sweet 16?
Need to be more Mature?
Is this good enough for getting a girl's number?
Why is my girlfriend pissed off at me 24/7?!!?
Should I go back to her?
Do you like my article? It is short, I write blog. Thank You for reading it...here it is,?
Safe To Say She Wants Nothing To Do With Me?
My Female Is Just Being Normal Right?
Would you date a man who is bald with a huge belly?
am I the only guy who wants a girl with respect for herself?
Me and my ex are talking again. Help me?
Being friends with friends of recent ex boyfriend...?
why is he igroning me?
what should i with this girl? please help and thank you?
Is this i a good way to protect other girls from my ex?
How should I respond to this guy?
how to get your little sister to stop crying?
What should I do? I am confused and scared.?
Hes likes me but i dont know what to do?
Is it normal to miss my boyfriend after a day?
Men, what if a wife gains weight and is happy the way she is?
casual sex/intmacy casual friendship?
Does he like me more than a friend?
What are some good personal questions to ask a girl?
What to do when my girlfriend gets mad over something stupid?
is it bad telling a guy over text that u like his friend?
PLEASE READ: I feel STRANGELY comfortable around this girl really quickly, and we like each other... too early?
urgent, how should I handle this sticky situation?
Should Husbands Have to Wear Wedding Rings?
Boyfriend rather help friend than me?
I think I'm falling for my friend (I'm a girl, he's a guy)?
How to make her like me more than a friend, 10 points?
is it okay to cry because i dont have a sister?
Shy + shy in 6th grade?
I think my crush likes one of my bestfriends?
Is my best friend embarrassed of me?
How much would a wild night out in Prague cost?
Will she go to prom with me?
Should I feel guilty about skipping church?
How do you get over someone you really like?
Dating in high school?
Uhm, my dad is watching some suggestive things on tv right now....?
will he talk to me again first if i do this though i have never left him alone?
Would you date someone with children (for young people)?
Who should i go with!?
Is it weird that I'm a loner at school?
Will she go to prom with me?
My girlfriend's son called me Dad and I don't know how to handle it?
Why am I so dumb in love?
Should you tell your friend you like her?
Why do I call her a \good girl\ when we do it?
How do I get this shy guy to trust me?
Is there anything wrong with being an introvert?
Girlfriend treats me like shit?
do you think it is good for a 31 year old man to date a 20 year old girl?
Should i move on or sent her this?
How do I deal with my boyfriend?
Girls, do tattoos on guys intimidate you ?
First kiss ever need advice?
My sister and my step dad never stop fighting?
Help! Girl in my class is being clingy?
One night stand becomes love?!?
How do I get a thin guy to like and chubby girl like me?
Should I believe what my parents told me?
my parents do drugs, what should I do?
Which girl looks more friendly?
what is he thinking?! does he like me at all?
this boy keep asking me could he lick my (you know) and that if i could suck his (you know) help??
3 situations: would you break up with someone if you found out s/he cheated on his/her ex?
Should I tell her I was suicidal and she was the reason why my life flipped right around?
i want to get my wife a male stripper…good idea?
Do you guys think its ok my boyfriend asked me out after he got out of a 2 year relationship?
Is he playing hard to get or not interested?
Long distance and guys HELP please ill answer your question?
What is the best relationship advice out there?
Do alcoholics ever stop being alcoholics even if they are around alcohol all the time?
What type of knickers do boys find most attractive?
Is he trying to avoid me or what?
It's over, isn't it?
what do i do I'm broken hearted?
How to talk to a girl?
my friendship is falling apart dont know what to do?xx?
should i use marijuana?
My husband said to me you do not need a big refrigerator because you never have anything in it. i was upset?
Ideas for having a nice evening with my friend(she is a girl)?
I overheard my mom talking about me?
what does it mean when my ex ...?
Does she like me? Please help me out!?
Someone Please read my story it's important to me!!!??? :)?
Do I still have a chance with him honestly?
is she trying to seduce me?
How do you help a friend who is friends with a bad person?
I had sex with someone and we've only been going out for 1day, is it bad?
Is he just being friendly towards me?
Why is my guyfriend mad at me?! :(?
Question about husband?
Do you think a guy will like me in a romantic way and that I will return his feelings?
My friend is cutting, did I say the right things?
Sleeping with older man, MY BOSSES EX?
My YOUNGER sister always hits me!?
20 years old and never had a gf/dated/sex, what is wrong with me?
What should I do? I dont want to let her go?
What does it mean when a guy kisses you on your porch?
I can't get over my boyfriend?
Why I can't make him happy ? Please answer SHORT?
Does this girl even care about me.?
Is it wrong to like a 14 year old when you're 17?
i REAAALLLLYYYY want to have sex! help?!?
am i weird? i feel like something is,wrong with me?
How do i get confident around girls?
Why do men love to tell women that they're ugly?
Found ex girlfriends sweater in house...what to do with it?
Why is my ex talking crap after one year of breaking up?
Good place to hook-up after exams?
everytime i think about my guy friend (im a girl) i feel warm and my mood ring turns purple.?
How to tell if a girl likes me?
My life keeps getting worse feeling hopeless and suicidal?
Is my boyfriend cheating? What should I do?
guys: why do you look at other girls when you're in a relationship?
boys, which girl would you go for?
Why she looks down when she sees me?
I want to confess to my friend?
why didn't he want to talk to her?
Why Indian girls are not good for love?
What did she mean when she said...?
My best friend lost her father on 15th of this month,so how can I comfort her?
Should i move on or persist when the girl i like only see me As a friend?
is it my fault or no?
Should I let my boyfriend know he hurt my feelings?
She said she just wants us to be friends.?
I'm so hurt what to do?
Women: What is it that men stand to gain from marrying us, that they could not get in a LTR?
What does it mean if a guy looks at you twice?
do girls prefer in person rather than?
My friend sent me dirty pics?
Am I just stupid or a good friend?
How to get a girl to stop going after my boyfriend?
Why does my wife want us to go to nice restaurants when it is far easier to microwave a ready meal?
Boyfriend wants me to send pictures?
My family thinks I'm a liar?
Think my cherry popped when i was being fingered?
Is this a real crush?
What a girl can do if she truely loves her bf?
Is it weird that boyfriend did this?
Girls why would you say this to a guy?
My suicidal friend is pissed off at me I just want to be sure I did the right thing?
Is alcoholism serious? My husband says his father is mentally ill because of it?
What are good things to do while the wife and babby are out of town for the weekend?
Do I have any relation with my fathers first cousins kids?
Why is my Mum acting like she knows something?
If she has a boyfriend?
How to know if he likes me?
I think this guy only wants me for sex.?
what does it mean when a guy stops contacting you?
Is it weird that boyfriend did this?
How do I forget about boys until I can date?
can somebody please help me. I'm begging you. my life sucks?
Did He Switched Out Because of Me?
What was your first time having sex like?
My friend is kinda acting like a \whore\ what do I do about it?
How can I motivate my mother to overcome her bitterness about her father's alcoholism?
should i let my bf go to the biggest beach party in texas on spring break?
planning a vacation with my wife need help picking a good place?
What are some tell tale signs that she is \the one\?
My mom and my best guy friend...?
Ways to hint that you like someone?
Why do guys always play this game?
how to get someone to like me back?
How should I feel about my Ex calling me fussing?
Girls, is there a reason you blow off a first date with a guy you like?
Should I date him even though he's not over his ex?
ok so im just wondering.................?????????
help with future In Laws....more info this time?
Does my guy friend like me more than a friend or not?
help with future mother in law. more info sorry for last one?
help with future mother in law. more info sorry for last one?
Need answers from those of you who have been married a while?
I am hindu religion,but I like to love and marry beautiful MUSLIM GIRL/WOMEN.Is it possible .............?
How can you get your ex fiancee to know your true feelings, after she broke up, and filed restraing order?
I clean my toilet seat before I go poo, is this normal?
is this a good sign?! please help me I want to fix our friendship?
What do I do while I'm getting fingered?
Just Found Out Something Disturbing?
Is five & half years age gap a problem?
Why a girl say this.?
What's she playing at?
How long do you think it'll be before I have sex with this girl?
its not a question? its more like an advice?
Why would a guy be too shy to talk/text a girl? Please answer? It's short!?
Safe To Say She Wants Nothing To Do With Me?
why doesnt he like me anymore?
Why does my wife love this ?
My boyfriends gone farther...?
Need your advice please!!?
How should I reply to this comment? Really easy 10 points?!?
why wont he tell me what he did with his friends?
Do You Think He Likes Me In Return?
Do women enjoy being fingered before having intercourse?
Help my do a favor for my friend please?
How did Rasputin attract so many women?
Will I ever find my dream girl?
Does my mom think I'm ugly?
Does he like me, I am so confused?
If you're not hot, can you actually get a girlfriend?
Where should I ask this guy out?
Are we attracted to each other but stupid to realize it. What we do?
It is right trying to forget about a girl by forcing yourself to fall for someone else?
Why would a guy be shy to text a girl? Please answer? It's short!?
how can you tell if a guy likes you?
I just found out my husband watches porn daily...?
does this mean she thinks I'm better than her ex?
Do you think it's okay to have a prison pen pal?
My friend is mean to me , and she insults me but plays it off as a joke... what do i do ?
How come every man I meet is broke?
I saw my best friends mom naked. I don't know how to make out her reaction to it.?
Bullied over the internet by my lover? HELP?
What do I do when I'm depressed and my friends don't care?
Is she really attracted and what I do.?
Guys, what's his problem now?
Does the guy eventually end up contacting you ?
Two guy friends: Who would you choose?
How do you hold a guys attention?
what to make my girlfriend for valentines day?
what does make the first move mean?
ONE SENTENCE INTERVIEW QUESTION FOR GIRLS? PLEASE RESPOND?
What would you do if?
Bf saying he doesn't know if he wants to be with me anymore?
How many sexual partners is considered a lot?
So, basically I was seeing this really beautiful girl and my ex contacted with me saying she wanted to see me?
What is wrong with my father in law? Why doesn't he let anyone talk?
Facebook ruined my relationship with my in laws. Am I wrong or are they?
Should I text my ex girlfriend?
is it okay if I say to Woman I am very attractive To ur lips?
have you ever had a black girlfriend?
My family doesn't like my boyfriend?
is it ok to tell my boyfriend that his friend is attractive? Or should I keep it to myself?
What's does this mean?
I need an excuse to go home?
Why did this girl stay looking at me?
On a scale of 1-10 how wrong is it that I slept with me step cousin?
I saw my best friends mom naked and liked it, and don't know how to make out her response to her knowing.?
Why can i talk witty online/text but not in person!?
Problems with best friend , advice please!!?
He won't pay for divorce?
Long distance love, I think I made the right choice?
Please help! Friends and Grades?
Ladies is she attractded to me but shy?
What do I do now?!?!?
What should I do? I still love her. Is it wrong for me to try to get her? Blood relative betrayed me.?
I don't like kissing my boyfriend and I don't really enjoy sex with him..what's going on?
Do I really love her?
How should I go about this? Best answer gets 10 points!?
Girls would you do this if not attracted?
What should I say her?
any cute kiss stories?
Do you think there are some positives on having been with someone with mental illness?
Please I really need advice?10 points for the best answer?
How to ask this guy out over text?
Why am I seen as target for cheating or short term relationships or just sex?
looking for good lifetime movies?
how will you react when you really like someone for 2 years straight and she just ignores you?
Is there a good INDIAN dating website that is totally free and provides all its services free of charge?
Really short question! 10 points!?
Asking out a girl I like?
any good guy advice please?
Why do young guys fantasize about being with a older woman?
I can't stand my life?
help with future mother in law?
No one answered me. Pls pls I need your help: Should I go for it or leave him alone? 10pts!?
help with future mother in law?
What does it mean when a guys pupils get huge?
help with future mother in laws?
I just found out my mothers been lying to me about her age my entire life, what should I think of this?
help with future mother in law?
Girlfriend is holding out on sex?
I honestly just feel like giving up with girls?
I told my ex professor that I have a crush on him?
How do I be more social?
How do people get so rich?
I'm interested in a man who's 15+ years older than me... any advice?
why do my friends argue with me that love is stronger than money? i beg to differ!?
What's this guys deal?
Please help me i need advice asap?
Please help me i need advice asap?
what do you do when you like a girl but she has a bf?
Should I let them date?
How do I greet my girlfriends Mother?
I want to move to my dads?
Why she is asking like this.........?
What to do if Your Crush Sends You a Cute Snapchat picture?
How do I do it..................?
Does online love exist when meeting online..?
Is my crush worth it?
Does my bf really loves me ?
I am a brony, how do I tell other people I like mlp?
Did I do the right thing?
Wife is upset over nothing?
My head is all over the place. What should I do?
Did he ask my co-worker to do that?
Did I do something wrong?
Is she interested or not?
Should I ask the guy I like to go to the dance with me as friends?
How do I cope with being called gay?
why do both males and females flirt with me?
I pretend to be angry at guys I like does this work?
What does it mean when a guy says \it just was not meant to be\?
How can I make my wife feel better ?
How should a teen ask a girl out?
Indian parents won't let me sleep over at a friend's house?
Should I text him or wait?
She loves me, but why does she delete texts with her guy friend?
Does she like me? I apologize for the length but I kept a lot of stuff out to even fit this.?
Cash bars at weddings?
I still love the man that sexually assaulted me?
Why does he say it's my fault?
Guys, Please clear my doubt ....about relationship..?
No one answered. Should I go for this virgo man OR forget about him?
How can a girl show a guy she only talks to sometimes that she is interested in him?
How to get a girlfriend?
How do I break it to other people that I am a brony.?
I still love him even after he did this to me?
How do i make him understand?
How Do I Get THAT Guy?
Do guys like when a girl comes out and says she is interested?
I still love him even after he did this to me?
Would you want someone like this as a friend?
is this true about guys?
Should i sent her this?
Ask a girl out? Help?
Do guys like when girls play hard to get?
How do I reject a guy?
I am a professor and learned that a graduate student has a crush on me, should I give it a try?
Why would he let his wife see this?
is it too late? i'll answer yours!!?
Do I wait or do I break up with him?
How can I get a guy's #?
Why do people I barely know harass me so much in school? Why me? Is because I tolerate it?
My mum ask me to stay away from him? best answer 10 pts?
Should I be hurt if a friend doesn't take my side when I disagree with my spouse?
If you and your spouse were to do a threesome.....?
I think I'm falling for someone, but I'm so afraid, can I have some advice?
Me and my friend have a crush on the same girl but he dosen't know i love her too.What to do?
How long did it take to fall in love with your love?
Does she like me or not?
Why did my friends boyfriend do this?!?
Indecisive gf breaks up for the 3rd time, she'll be back?
foster care problems?
I told my ex teacher that I love him?
Do women talk about their boyfriends \private stuff\ with their friends?
Confused and not sure if this is right?
What do I do???????????? Plz help!!!?
How can i stop being such a control freak? I will never date a guy that talks more than me, or is prettier?
I'm in love with someone who HATES me?
What should I do, speak to him or not?
Girl issues and I'm stuck in the middle?
need some advice involving a relationship?
Hurt by a very good friend. What to do?
i kissed my best friend but we're both girls?!?
Am i a bad person for not saying goodbye?
my bf doesnt want to have fun online?
My girlfriend spends a lot of time with a guy she works with.?
Advice from men please! Do I try again?
Would she say this to make me jealous?
Does my crush like me bak?
WHAT to do when your boyfriend cheats on you?
he has a girlfriend... am I wrong for letting him kiss me?
Why would he stop talking to me ?
Ok, Well Is this Bad? Or Just A silly thing?
Does my crush like me bak?
Was this wrong of my boyfriend?
So yeah I dont understand her?
is it weird to sleep in the same bed with a female friend?
My bf is always insecure of his height cuz I'm taller than him ? plz help 10 points !?
Does true love really exist?
Am I being a crazy girlfriend?
How do I know if a guy was going to kiss me?
She said she needs time?
My girlfriend won't talk to me I haven't said anything?
Want to get divorse from my Wife?
How to date in 8th grade?
Does he like me?? What can I do to show him that I like him? PLEASE ANSWER??!?
My boyfriend acts like a jerk. Help?
How to get rid of the akwardness in a new relationship?
Ill answer yours. What's it mean if a guy becomes louder around you?
Do guys like to cuddle?
what i need to do with my ex ? is he palying with me?
How can I stop being jealous of the girl my ex boyfriend left me for?
Can I ignore her and move on?
Do i touch my girlfriend too much?
Do Italian guys like redheads?
What is the best way to help a girl you really like who is going through a break-up?
Does He Like Me or what?
What does it mean when a guy tells his friend not to speak to you?
What is the cheapest gemstone that can fit into a silver engagement ring?
Should I focus on my career or try to find a boyfriend? I'm 16!! Best answer?
How do I show him that I like him? If he likes me? PLEASE ANSWER?
What does it mean when a guy touches your face?
Do American guys dig Australian girls over American girls?
i need boy advice? help.?
GIRLS: I'm a guy and I was jw if it is possible that some girls date a guy because he has a toned body?
I lied to my friend about my age?
Internet dating help?
How do i know if a guy likes me?
Should I do this or not?
Daughters boyfriend broke up with her? What can I do for her?
Was i wrong for doing this?
Needing some advice on dating older women, I am a 22yr male, she is 34, advice from older women preferred!?
How can i tell what he feels towards me?
getting fingered for the first time?
Women, how tall should an ideal man?
My mum is acting strange...?
First kiss ever need advice?
I lied to a guy about my age.. Help? (No mean answers please)?
Who has a twin??????
Tips for getting fingered? help?
am i overanalyzing? I'll answer your question, too?
I really like a guy need to get over him please help!!?
How can I think faster and express my opinion better?
Dont know if my crush likes me because she is acting strange?
Confused about the guy I like (he knows I like him):(?
How do you handle the racist and hateful comments on interracial dating?
I have been replaced? Am I being immature? Should I be upset?
I have been replaced? Am I being immature? Should I be upset?
It's not cool anymore she's ignoring me :(! help please?
Why doesn't he block me?
What's wrong with me? Help!?
Is an affair actually love?
I am looking for a friend. Mind to add?
Ok, teens aged 15-18, Are you allowed food in your room?
Does he want to sort us out?
My dad gave me some money should I spend it on cigarettes?
do all girls like jerk boys?
Please help. 10 Points. I want to know what to do. I really like this girl. Please help.?
Why wont my parents just have a divorce already!?!?
Mixed feelings about a relationship?
What do guys like in a girl? ( boys please answer this! )?
I went to a nightclub alone...?
I don't understand the idea that girls like funny guys?
I went to a nightclub alone...?
Why does it hurt when I am dumped by someone?
What makes a guy love a woman like this?
My boyfriend breaks his necklace I bought him whenever we argue?
How to get revenge on my 18year old brother?
My Parents Keep Getting Me Mixed Up With Their Other Daughters!?
any songs about being upset/Jealous..?
How do I know if my bf broke up with me because of my weight?
What makes a guy love a woman who does this?!?
what is he trying to convey?
Am I being a narcissist or are these guys obsessed with me?
My boyfriend dumps me every pms for past 5 months!?
Why does it seem to take so long to meet the right person?
how long have you known your best friend for?
Is he really cheating on me?
I said yes to a guy I don't like?
The girl i like has a date to prom but wouldnt go out with him?
Is my girlfriend too dominant?
My first anniversary with my boyfriend...suggest me how to surprise him.. And dont suggest me sex yr?
How do I deal with the engagements of my 2 best friends on the same week?
Should I date someone I'm not attracted to?
Why cant I keep a girl ,I buy everyone o them everything and am very attentive?
Falling in love with engaged intern ?
My girlfriend laid on one of her guy friends lap?
Why has she started ignoring me all of a sudden?
Should I give this relationship another chance?
Urgent no one is answering?
Question for the girls?
This girl has a date to prom, could i still have a dance with her?
is this the right advice to give my friend?
Girls--If I was your boyfriend?(;<3?
how do i deal with my extremely bitter and controlling ex wife?
Is it wrong of me to say I am willing to marry any racial group in the world except the black African?
My wife angry with me ?
Why do i love looking at myself in the mirror so much?
Will getting rape over n over by someone you know cause an attachment feelings or somdwhat?
Boyfriend Didn't Get Me Anything For Birthday?
Will getting rape over n over by someone you know cause an attachment feelings or somdwhat?
He Isn't Celebrating Her BDay?
Can you help me with \mom problems\?
is it considered cheating to kiss someone during a play even though they aren't your significant other?
Should I date him even though he's not over his ex?
Will he ask me out soon, why is he going slowly with me?
My crush is in a relationship. What to do?
How do I help her? My friend was dating underage?
How do I get my girlfriend to make out with me?
I have no idea what to do?
She wants to give back the necklace i gave her?
Will a 5-7 year old child remember being told about their parents divorce/know what was happening?
How to say no to family?
should I kiss him if he loves me and I don't?
I don't like my stepmum? i think she's rude and just completely blanks me out?
why is this girl doing this?
I met this girl on social media, does she like me, what should I Think or do now?
Girls--Do you prefer guy face with Beard or Shaved?
If someone asks you out over text?
my kids dad want to be in their life after not bei.g a good dad?
Please I need an answer? Anyone?
Guy issue.........please help ?
I feel so hurt by what he said, is this normal?
I made my ex boyfriend cry. What should I do?
how can i make every thing seem fine around my family?
why did aurangazeb put his father shahjahan in jail?
My boyfriend works in \porn\. We are expecting. Why does he need to google MORE erotica?
Do you think my crush is being mean to me?
does he want to get to know me? Please answer honestly?
Is he playing me or what?
I have a LDR with a guy, I really like him and I'm planning on visiting but I have doubts?
Was feeling like I wanted to kill myself and asked my friend to come be with me and talk?
How do I get her to stop bugging me!?
Im embarrassed my boyfriend's brother caught us kissing should I be? Also why was my bf blushing?
What to do when someone starts Hateing everything?
Girls,how do u feel when u get dejected right in your face?
Are nice guys @$$holes themselves? Are they the worst?
I hate my sister in law and I don't want my future kids hanging out with her. What should I do?
Why many girls do 'facial analysis' on me?
My birthday is a sad day for me?
Common interests, but opposite personalities?
i just want to get over it and move on but i cant,it hurts?
How should I surprise my girlfriend? :)?
My best friend thinks I have feelings for her ex?
Guys, when you are using a girl, does that mean you still kind of like her?
My best friend, who has a girlfriend, likes me, how do I deal with this? He won't give up on me?
My boyfriend is going to basic training followed by AIT school.?
how can I stop thinking about my ex?
Ulterior Motive, Y/N?
Should I meet up with him?
I need help getting a girl friend.?
How to know that a stranger guy in the bus have crush on me? what are the possible signs for me to check?
Does she not like me?
Why didn't my ex-girlfriend, who's now dying from HIV, listen to me and stay with me back then?
Why do some women need extra lubrication?
This guy wants to have sex with me?
GUYS: Which girl would you rather date? Descriptions are below.?
I'm scared I'll never find anyone like my ex?
how to deal with a jackass \friend\?
how to deal with a jackass \friend\?
Girls:How many guys hit on you?
When do you say enough is enough?
Cute way to tell bf you love him?
My boyfriend is so confusing?
I miss my ex I want him back do you think he still loves me?
Guys:How many rejections did you take before you got a girl in India?
I'm jealous of my friend, please help?
Why does my Ex Boyfriend hate me?
Should the groom's sisters be in the wedding party?
Help! My crush's birthday party is Sunday! I have a big dilemma though!?
I think I like this girl? How to become friends?
is there anybody on here that lives on 4245 west jolly road at Kensington meadows trailer park?
I have a boyfriend but I've fallen in love with a girl?
Was this text a playing around thing?10 points?
i need thoughts/advice, PLEASE help? 10 pts best answer?
Guy problems? Help me!!!?
How can I get my crush to want to be my friend?
Ex-Girlfriend advice please?
What might a girl's reaction be if I called her \beautiful\ instead of her name?
He blushed when my friend asked him if he likes me?
i have a crush on my friends mom?
shy guys please help.....Will answer yours in return!?
Need a parents advice on letting your son date an older girl?
My wife bought a stud finder at Home Depot? Should I be worried? I may have competition if it works.?
What might a girl's reaction be if I called her \beautiful\ instead of her name?
I'm falling for the wrong person?
Going to Winter Formal dance with a guy friend?
I'm jealous of my aunt's university grades. plz help?
My girlfriend wants me to worship her feet :/?
Ladies: Is it a cause for concern when your blind date pulls up to your driveway in a Winnebago?
Why is that my boyfriend never stared at me the way he stared that woman?
Does this mean anything?
WHat does he mean when he says that?
Is it weird to be friends with a younger person?
I'm worried about my first kiss?
Where can I start dating older women?
Why does my boyfriend ignore me?
why cant i fall in love or even get a girlfriend?
Need help finding quality single parent dating?
What would this girl's reaction be if I called her \beautiful\ instead of her name?
does she like me? I apologize for the length but I kept a lot of stuff out to even fit this.?
She Is Just Being A Friend Right?
What if a girl tells u that you're intoxicating after u two have done it?
I've impregnated my niece...?
This happened a few years ago and I'm sooo confused about what it meant....?
I asked him to show me he cared about me and he did a crappy job?
Where can I find a nice, nerdy girl who loves anime?
What would a girl's reaction be if I called her \beautiful\ instead of her name?
How do I know I can trust my boyfriend?
Is it normal to fantasize about your crush?
Can my step father hit me?
My male buddy thinks I'm going to bite him?
Did he just confess his love for me?
What do teenage guys like about girls!?!?
How can I invite him over? HELP!?
Should I send him another FB friend request, or just leave it alone??? HELP?
Do you think this girl likes me?
How can I get my sister to forgive me?
WHY IS HE IGNORING ME? WHAT TO DO?
How can I ask this girl out on a date by phone? What should I say that will make her likely to say yes?
I need advice about how to write a love letter to a girl that means a lot to me?
would you date me guys ?
Should I just give up on life??? Please help??
What do I do now?!?!?
My brother held me in his arm until I fell asleep?
Have you, or are you suffering from verbal abuse?
What do you think of guys who only date girls in their early twenties?
caught her looking at me and she also hi me from across the room. Does it mean she likes me?
I think something might've happened to my friend? :(?
Would he like this? 10pts?
Am i gay or bisexual or something else and why am i changing?
Need opinions/help with this girl; females only?
Am i gay or bisexual or something else and why am i changing?
should I go to the movie or the hockey game?
What is a good couple name for Anthony and Paige?
help with my relationship?
Does a guy mean it when he says he loves a girl? 10pts?
How do u kiss I never kiss before plz help me?
I like a girl from high school , but im kinda sure she doesn't like me back , advice?
I Don't Really Have Any Friends..?
Boyfriend giving mix-signals?
Should I be honest or let it slide?
Should I get rid of the ring?
how can i get a boyfriend?
Did He Break Up With Me? CONFUSED :(?
I like a girl...But there are some problems?
Is he mad at me or just...?
I'm scared to kiss my boyfriend, what do i do?
What does he mean!?!?!?
Does he like me or is embarrassed by me ..?
Do i have a good boyfriend?
I'm 18 and engaged going into the army?
Is he playing with me or what?
Hey peoples, does she like me?
Should I be embarassed or proud?
What do you call on your wife or husband. but you're not yet married but you already have kids?
Girls would u do this if unattracted?
Is it weird that I like to have a knife grazed down my back?
Where do I meet blue collar women? (Instead of stuck up white collar women)?
So i think this guy might like me?
My girlfriend wants me to worship her feet :/?
Bachelor party for someone who doesn't want one?
10 POINTS!! So confussed?
Is it possible to really like someone, and to still be terrified of a serious relationship with him?
i never met anyone that evil before?
Any females out there have stronger legs than their brother?
GIRLS: Honestly, does the car a guy drives make a difference on how you see him?
How do I get out of the friend zone?
Ladies, if a guy wanted to spend a few hours with your feet would what he need to do to make that happen?
Is it normal to feel this way, kinda embarrasing?
What would a girl's reaction be if a called her \beautiful\ instead of her name?
What do I do about this? :(?
How long should I wait for my ex?
My brother held me into I fell asleep?
What kind of girl do you fall for?
Does financial and environment effect a relationship decision?
I'm a loner at school?
Any ladies think they can beat me in arm wrestling?
Girl abuses me how to stay away?
Family keeps opening my mail?
how do I ask her out?
How do I get boys to like me even though I'm not popular?
Uhhh I need a lot of help!!!?
Dating advice on race?
How do I get him to talk to me again?
I can't get over him?
My brother held me in his as until I feel asleep?
What would a girl say if instead of her name I called her \beautiful\?
How do i get this girl to like me?
I have a terrible life?
You have learned to always leave loved ones?
There is this guy in my class and i want to know if he likes me or if it's in my head?
Paying my friends with benefits for sex? Asking her to be my girlfriend?
Think shes interested? should I ask her out?
Men and sex Question?
Bachelor party in vegas for Vegas natives?
When my crush said this to me, is he friendzoning me?
How should I go about asking my dad for money?
Would you say he dumped me? 10POINTS FOR ANSWER?
Am I ugly? Guy...low self esteem?
Is it like what? Like dating or what? I'm going crazy?
boy trouble!?!? guys i need help?
So I have seen several different theripists and I still am having problems with lashing out at loved ones?
If a guy did this to you ladies.?
WOMEN: Be Honest; Would you Date with a Man with Mental Illness?
Guys, what does it mean when you interlock your fingers with a girl?
How do I get over my fear of dating fat girls?
What should I do if I am in a relationship with an athiest and I'm christain?
Why does my crush's coworkers tell people he likes me?
Should I tell him how I feel?
Can someone just give me some tough love?
Sisters at my bustop. 10 points?
Tell my wife about a happy ending?
things to do when your friends are over?
Why do guys ALWAYS like popular girls?
How to not get a girl to sit beside me in class?
Should I say yes to her?
How do I know if my BFF is talking behind my back to my ex BFF?
I feel like my boyfriend stood me up tonight? Help!!?
did he lie about liking me(shy guy question)?
Should I be running this guy down?
How to drive him crazyyy :p?
Will I ever convince my boyfriend that he won't lose me?
How to I get out of this relationship?
Is my teacher flirting with me?
She asked for a massage in class?
Need pickup lines...don't leave me hanging bro....?
Why do seniors want me?
Shy guys, please help? Will answer yours!?
My Parents Think Its Okay To Verbally Abuse Me?
could someone ever love a cutter?
Do you think he likes me?
What does it mean when a guys pupil dilate?
Does a guy mean it when he says he loves a girl? 10pts?
Getting involved with my neighbor. Good or bad idea?
what does it mean when a girl calls you that?
why do all women in my life do this?
Guys, what is his problem now?
What do I do… I don't want to hurt anyone's feelings?
Guy flirting with me, got a gf, they broke up and now we're talking again?
I don't know what to do, I have a crush on this girl in school?
How to make friends with people different interests?
Boys help me please ?? What does this mean?
Im 13 and im sexually attracted to a guy?
Am I overreacting on this?
How to ask her out. Pick 1, 2, 3 (10 points)?
how to I fire a payee/ change and prove it she was bad payee?
How to reassure a friend that she doesn't look old as her 50th birthday is coming soon?
Am I the wrong one in the situation?
(HELP) What does it mean when a girl does this?
My best guy friend is 16 and just got engaged. Help!?
how do i keep myself from falling fast?
Which Should I Choose?
Relationship help!!!?!?!?
Why would a guy tell his friend not to speak to you?
Why won't my husband have sex with me?
Is it time to tell my mom im not a virgin anymore? im nervous?
Should I ask this girl out as soon as possible?
How do you hint at a shy guy to make a move?
Does he think I'm desperate if I call him a lot?
I am really into someone but I can't be sure about him?
Is it creepy to add this guy on facebook?
What To Wear???? Please Help!?
How come she hasn't responded to my text she told me I was cute without asking her if I was?
What does he mean by this?
Guys - what is your optimal height for a girl?
Should I go out with him?
Would he like this? 10pts?
Did I manage to mess up twice? Any answers appreciated. (10 points)?
how do i know if a girl likes me?
This girl is mad at me and I don't know why?
Why do many men expect women to moan during sex?
describe your perfect girl ?
How much can my parents control?
should I know if I Love him by now?
Age Difference Issues?
I am going through a divorce and I received request to enter default today in the mail?
Do \I miss you\ type comments make people feel awkward?
Guys I need your input on a situation.?
should i give him a chance??
Should I ask this girl out as soon as possible?
How do I tell him te leave me alone nicely?
Guys, what do you think his issue is?
Does this girl at the hair style store like me I walked in and we started talking?
Are you in love with someone?
Confusing ex girlfriend. What are my chances of getting her back?
My girlfriend wants to break up with me?
Females that would cheat if they knew 0% chance of getting caught?
did my cousin touched me? please helpppp?
Ladies, what attracts you to guys?
Why do people always ask me this?
what to do about my boyfriend?
Does it sound like I'm being a good girlfriend?
So did I basically get played?
APOLOGY TO THE SINGLES AND DATING SECTION AND A QUESTION!!!Does a girl like me?
Can a shy/conservative girl ever get a boyfriend?
My Girlfriend Ends Relationship to Study?
I think my friend is being raped?
Does this mean he likes me?
so are you saying there's a chance? !?
What do I do if I broke up with my boyfriend to be with my best friends boyfriend but he is in love with her?
Best places to cheat on a spouse?
Guys: do u have any strange turn ons?
Is He Interested? Yes Or No?
My mom is crying because she thinks I stole her phone?
FRIENDSHIP ADVICE PLEASE?
A guy Pranked me by fake asking me out :(?
Romantic Ideas?? For a romantic date?
I'm not sure if she likes me or not. I need help?
She asked me to come to her house?
GUYS do you ever talk about girls around a girl you like?
Should i stay with her?
Why young girls like older men, and why young men like older women ?
I need to stop texting her, but how?
HELP! What's a wedding gift we can give our parent's?
Will he cheat again ?
Where did all the fun ladies go??
My mom is rude???????
I'm from Enfield, London. Do you like or dislike me?
How do I convince my parents that a guy is just a friend?
(Girls)do you think my crush likes me?
How do I convince my dad that I am not only playing games and am actually reading?
today in 7/8th period help me?
i'm a struggling gay teen?
Does this guy have a crush on me??ill answer urs?
Girls, What's your dream for life??
I like him but he thinks im not interested, help!!?
Is this considered a form of bragging?
Hey girls, what should I do? Am I wasting my time?
I need help, I have a problem!?
Do some guys use their mates to spy on their crush?
I was told she wants to be friends only?
Breaking up and how to get over fear of guilt.?
What should I tell my two friends?
Does she like me? ... I hope she does!?
AM I over Thinking this ? Is this just friendliness ?
Do guys like it when they receive love letters from a girl?
What should i do to get her to be my girlfriend?
What should I tell my friends?
Helpp me cause i dont know what to do?
is it ok for me to date a guy older than me?
Just a coinci or does he fancy me??? 10 points!?
Does this sound like an ideal girlfriend?
Should I text my ex-boyfriend? Or would that be weird?(Choosing Best Answer ASAP)?
My boyfriend and I are both 16, what should i get him for his birthday.?
My boyfriend's b-day is coming up what special things can we do together?
How do I get her to be my girlfriend?
Is Partner Support possible without being registered?
shy guys what do you think does he like me yes or no?
What is the next step?
Does being tan matter towards girls?
I will answer yours if you answer mine =)?
GIRLS: Why did she do this?
Ex girlfriend posting sad song lyrics on Twitter about me.?
What can I do about my step children?
Romantic Ideas?? For a romantic date?
What was it like for you the first time you met your first crush? or the first time you fell for someone?
What is the next step?
Is it me, or is it the concept of marriage?
Girls please help: I was chatting with this girl........?
Emeralds are the traditional 20th wedding anniversary gift, but could I substitute aluminum siding instead?
Trying really hard to forget her, any advice please?!?
Do guys act this way to girls they like? ( I will ans back + 20 points)?
I really like a girl, but I don't know if it's lust or if it's attraction. PLEASE HELP.?
Should i ask this girl out? (ILL ANSWER YOURS!)?
Why am I so mean to my mom?
I want my ex who dumped me to beg just so i can have the satisfaction of saying too late, why?
Do you think this guy likes me?
Opinion on this guy? advice?
Do you think my crush likes me(preferably guys)?
do you guys think he is interested?
Help! Please give me tips how to re-attract ex girlfriend when you're friends?
Question about a girl?
How do I get over her, or know if she's worth it?
why would he do this?
My parents argue to much!?
I'm so embarrassed. I need advice!?
why would a boy do this?
Well im freindzoned!!! but for how long?
What should I do if one person at school keeps teasing me?
How do boys lick girls out?
My ex recently confessed she still has feelings for me. I rejected her though I still couldn't forget her?
Will my ex leave his current girl for me? I want him back ! Does True Love conquer all?
I want my ex who dumped me to beg just so i can have the satisfaction of saying too late, why?
What would a girl say if instead of her name I called her \beautiful\?
He calls me trouble, why?
i like a girl over the internet?! and want to meet her!?
any tips on not getting nervous?
How can I relax more with this guy's character?
Do guys stare at unattractive girls? :\\?
Getting involved with my neighbor. Good or bad idea?
How to introduce myself to a girl at a school dance?
Guys! opinion on this guy? advice?
Girl keeps staring at me ( help ) ?
Should I let my boyfriend go to prom with another girl?
Should I avoid her now?
Do you think she will find this cute?
Why do my girlfriends brother's hate me and how do i handle it?
How do you handle a friend sitting on a horrible secret?
How do I move on and forget about my ex?
what! was! the! last! prank you pulled?!!?
What is it about 6'2 (188cm) that makes us so eager?
Help I need advice 10 points.to best answer?
Ive always been a controlling, jealous and kinda jerky BF but I met a girl so hot I wanna treat her right?
Do you think my crush likes me(preferably guys)?
I'm sick of my friends, what should I do ?
How do I have the 'Are We A Couple' talk w/o it being weird?
My girlfriend isn't into chessy cute things what do I do?
My Boyfriend lied about his virginity?
Did my best friend betray me?
are guys good at forgiving?
Ladies, do you think your boyfriend could recognize you just by your feet?
where to meet new people?
what do you call a friend who like your guy?
Do guys lose their virginity just to get it over with or is he sexually attracted to the girl?
Did my crush tried to make me jealous?
Is he genuinely sick and busy?
Why would a man get upset about a woman seeing other people when he's seeing other people as well?
I'm depressed and feel lonely?
Need boy advice. Boys and girls who have been In a relationship please HELP?
Making the first move: what should I do or say??? Please answer?
what do you do when you only attract girls that are not your type or not find attractive?
Should blue eye shadow makeup be a felony in USA?
Does this girl like me?
I had sex with my sister?!?!?
Bf calls me a 'processor with no input'?
Bf calls me a 'processor with no input'?
I need help on how to tell a guy that goes to my school that i like him?
Should I find some new friends? ••Fake Account••?
My boyfriend said some hurtful words to me even tho we were joking,should i take it personal?
How can I feel less alone?
How can I feel less alone?
Is this a relationship after all?
indecisiveness in a relationship???
Is it bad that I think my husband is the best looking person in his family?
i feel bad knowing i will never have a girlfriend?
I need some advice; boy trouble... opinions?
I'M INFATUATED WITH A GUY WHO HARDLY KNOWS I EXIST?!?
For mature men only, can you fall for a woman who has given you chase or is it put off?
Need help pls!! (10 points for best)?
Somebody called me gross? How to deal?
How could I get him to see me as more, without scaring him?
Is it true that you find someone more attractive when you know they find YOU attractive?
Making the first move: what should I do/say? PLEASE ANSWER?
Does he like me? and don't tell to just ask him...?
How to stop biological clock from driving me nuts?
Are there more People in your Family who went to College or Joined the Military?
I need advice about a boy....?
What happens if i don't smile back at a girl i like?? And does she like me?
My partner has a 'People-pleaser' personality?
Ladies, would you dress your boyfriend up in your underwear if he wanted you to?
If a guy you flirt with tells you another girl is hot?
Is it bad that I like to be kissed and hugged by every guy I know?
My \bestfriend\ is dating my ex!?
When A Girl Punches You Does She Like You?
Does she want me to ask her out? Should i?
How to make her loves me?!!?
Do you think my crush likes me(preferably guys)?
what went through your mind when you proposed to your wife?
Guys: When you used to like a girl, and then she keeps staring at you...?
how do you ask her to be your girlfriend?
I rarely see the girl I like?
Advice on University Situation?
I told a guy I liked him and walked away right afterwards :(?
What to do when all you ever do is fight with him?
what is he thinking?!?
Girl starting to give out mixed feelings? Conflicted or what?
Shall I text him again or is it not worth it?
I keep cry because I my stepdad, I need help?
Why men can let themselves go, but a woman can't?
Why'd I have this reaction?
he wants to lick me out in the car?!?
he was breathing heavily when i pasted by him?
Should I walk away now why it's still early or am I being a bit anal?
How to bring up this conversation with out scaring him?
What does it mean when a guy does this?? PLEASE ANSWER??? Should I give up?
Should I break up with her?
I don't want to have a relationship with him, now what?
SHY Teen guys: helpppp?
how can I talk to her ??????
Is it weird to ask this girl out on a date?
Should I Tell Him How I Feel?
How to deal with jealous mother as a son?
I have a marijuana question?
Should I break up with him or..?
Does he like me?? Please answer?
Should i tell this girl i like her?
What is a \Love Painting?\?
What makes someone ghetto (10 points best answer)?
how to be more confident and less shy around the girl I like or well love ????
Will anyone ever love me if I look like this?
How can I get my little sister to stay out of my room?
How do I find a cute guy to date online?
Is she too young for me?
Im bored with my relationship!! Advice??\?
How can I tell a female coworker I like when she wears heels without being creepy?
have you ever cheated on your boyfriend/girlfriend or husband/wife?
Adding people on snapchat?!?
Can straight guys have gay best friends?
Not sure if I actually fancy her?
GUYS ANSWER THIS, Do you like girls with make up or without make up?
How to think a girl is cute without wanting to go out with her?
I really want a girlfriend but I'm to shy. how can I change this?
i am interested in meeting latin women , is there any good places in london to meet any ?
Best friend has a boyfriend and is replacing me?
Am I being boring for not going out drinking?
would it be wierd to look up an old friend?
having doubts about ex and current relationship?
Does this boy like me?
I'm confused..what does this mean?
Why did he not want to come out?
Christians, what should I do in this situation?
Does he hate me or is he trying to protect me?
GUYS ANSWER THIS, Do you like girls with make up or without make up?
Are there any websites where I can find girls to talk to online, but just talk and nothing else?
I am in love with my best friend and idk what to do I've known her sence I wass kid?
I am 29 year old woman dating a 25 year old men?
in what ages would guys think of being a family man and a good father?
Why am i so confused about him?
Okay... It's been fricken two months they are still mad. Butthurt can't last that long right?
What is the problem with Omegle?
Grown adults only please! What does it mean if he is \too open\ with me?
Is he interested at all?
Am I to young to wear wedges to a wedding?
3 SIMPLE QUESTIONS, YOUR SIMPLE ANSWERS: What would you do?
To get a boyfriend should I act like a slut or respect myself?
Why am I not able to stay interested in a single girl?
Why would she say this to me?
Where can i find a Woman that will verbally abuse me online?
why do you think she was doing this?
i really like this boy what do i do?
Relationship and Marriage?
Is it ok to ask a girl you just met?
Is it weird that I had my first kiss at 15?!?
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE ANSWER! I WILL HELP YOU. I JUST NEED TO KNOW?
How do I approach a guy I like?
I don't know where we stand?
Friend troubles help!!!?
What should i do if i'm a heart broken girl and bored too ?
Talking to people who are older...?
Why would she lie about being pregnant?
Does he like me or does he think I'm pretty? Please answer?
What should I do about this? Any Advice?
Has anyone been turned off by a guy's voice?
Is it true that women never ask guys out?
Some guy punched my girlfriend?
Guy friend wants to hang out alone. What do I do?
what should I do about my boyfriends friend?
Only guys please!!!!?
Someone in my family was watching me?
What is this girl's deal?
Does he think I'm pretty or does he like me?? Please answer?
My girlfriend is not ready for sex suddenly?
Unreasonable? Selfish?
How to be like a teenager from 1980? Is it possible to bring the 80s back?
Do I really have an attitude problem or are my parents exaggerating as usual?
I am tired of my non existent love life?
is there hope for a reconciliation or friendship?
How to make it seem like you don't care?
How to be more fun/chatty/funny?
I'm confused on why he did this?
Is my hubby interested in this chick?
I asked this girl out...?
Do any other girls have these thoughts?
How does a guy exactly get a girlfriend?
Friends with benefits with a guy?
how do I make my boyfriend less why and do more stuff?
Breaking up with boyfriend?
Should we stay friends? PLEASE! 10 PTS!?
do you ever feel like there is no hope on making up with someone but you sadly have to move on :(?
Guys: If you're under the impression that a chicks family is dangerous?
Is he jealous of me dating other guys?
How come fat people have it harder when it comes to finding love?
Why can't I be happy with who I am?
it dosent sound fair she dosent have to be?
Am I insecure about this?
Parents are opposed to my marriage?
Parents are opposed to my marriage?
The girl i like asked me to come out!? what now?
Is it cowardly to tell a guy you like him right before he moves? Easy 10pts?
What's your number? (Sex Poll)?
Tired of not finding love?
do you think my mom knows?
i want a girl friend?
Ex keeps taking me to court, 8 times, 2 states, 3 COURTS? How can I get him to stop? Or order him to?
My parents are worried about me but I don't want them to. What do I tell them?
How can I tell my GF I love her without her pooping on the floor?
boyfriends birthday what do I get?
What does it mean when you partner wants space?
My girlfriend wants to get sexual?
Do my parents have a right to be mad at me?
Ladies, be honest with me?
How to make my mom think I'm sleeping over at a girl friends house?
how do I know if I really love someone and my heart just isn't confused?
My boyfriend went to west virginia this semester and he want me to go to visit him what should i do?
my boyfriend went to west virginia this semester and he want me to go to visit him what should i do?
Why hasn't he asked to hangout again?
Just friends or more than friends?
Why i got mad when a guy says that he loves me?
Should mom help brother financially?
Does anyone have a \he/she was abusive, but all my family & friends liked him/her story?
Is this somethin' that y'all think my girlfriend would like?
How would you handle this.. friend?
I can't maintain eye contact up close?
Why doesn't my boyfriend ever \finish\ during sex?
Lesbians help please?
Can you give me some advice on this guy?!?
Would you date a US Marine?
Why did she act like this?
my question is please?
if a girl knows how bad you like her and she hasn't had feelings for you will she ever?
Crush Not Replied To Me (I Told Her I Love Her)??
Under sc law at what point can a child under joint custody have the right to choose with whom he wished to liv?
He cheated on me! How can I get over this?
Girls:When a guy obviously looks at your body up and down does it creep you out....?
Help! What's a unique way to ask my boyfriend to be my valentine?
What shall I do I miss her so much?
Girls please help idk what to do?
Is he not interested?
my coworker think I'm stealing her stuff.?
Do he's like me or not?
why do men who are controlling, jealous, possessive and dominant attract me?
Ok Just trying to get differant opinions... Female help needed..?
Is an 8 year difference too much for a relationship?
Why does he always stare at me?!?
GIRLS: Describe what you consider a \bad boy\ looks like?
should a significant other associate with his or her best friend if he or she cheated with the best friend?
need advice about a fear?
He lied and said he was at work?
How can two people get married if they live in different states?
Is this gUy mad at me? Sorrry it's long?
Does my Ex still Like Me?
if she said she was my girlfriend but she was really her identical twin does it count as cheating?
Girls I need help whats wrong with me?
Indecisive gf breaks it for the 3rd time for the same reason, she'll be back?
My girlfriends ex was abusive what shall I do?
My bf dumped me even though we still have feelings for each other?
What are some type of texts to ger her back?
Should I tell her about cheating or keep it to myself?
i want to do it but im freaked out??!!!!!?
Should I tell her about cheating or keep it to myself?
boyfriend sucks at texting and were long distance?
I don't think i'll stop loving her :/?
Is it strange to be a virgin at 30?
This guys driving me crazy (long sorry)?
I proposed to the girl I like, I got rejected but she is still frnds with me should I try harder , or move on?
what should I do? what should I do?
I had a dream that someone told me that i was going to get married, what does it mean?
Do you like texting your friends everyday?
Should I ask him to hang out?
Should my bf and I still go?
Help !! I have a girlfriend but my mate wants me to go out with him , his girlfriend , and her mate?
Does she like me? 10 pts?
My friend is annoying me. Is she lying?
How to breakup with a girl who loves you so much?
can a spouce endorce a check for his wife?
Women: What do you wear to the gym and why?
Did my old friends mess things up with my crush?
Does my \best friend\ hate me?
should i not date anyone?
Did my old friends mess things up with my crush?
what is he thinking?!? Please help?
Should I trust my boyfriend?
Is it tacky to take people to an all you can eat buffet for a wedding reception?
It's been 2 years, Why haven't I met his family?
Have you ever sat on someone's a shoulder or carried someone on your shoulders?
Need help with a girl?
My boyfriend is mad at me what do I do?
Should I go to my step-fathers funeral?
boyfriend keeps lying and keeping stuff from me should I dump him?
stay at home moms with jobs.?
my kids hate my husband?
Girlfriend says she wants time to be by herself ?
I really like this girl and want to date her?
Bf's ex at friend's house?
Getting involved with my neighbor. Good or bad idea?
What is this girl's deal?
If you was dating a girl and she told you she waiting till marriage ?
why is my ex boyfriend's girlfriend harassing me? it's p*ssing me off?
How to make friends over text?
Ladies, would you go for this idea?
For kids with divorced parents?
Maid of Honor speech - Help ?
I'm always getting called cute?
Was this fair of my parents?
I'm attracted to my husbands good friend?
How can i spice things up with my boyfriend? Help!?
Im trying to get out of him dumping me? keep hearing he doesnt wan to be together?
Just a coincidence or do these people like me?
Friends with benefits?
Any opinion about why this boy is strange?
Kissing for the first time with glasses?
Should I be upset with him & not talk to him anymore ?
How can you come when masturbating? Or when your boyfriend does it?
How do I stop him from ruining his life?
What should i do!?!? (Read details)?
Did he only want sex?
Someone once told me \ I need a license to be that ugly\. What should be my comeback?
what should I do..? PLEASE :'(?
10 POINTS!! Why do I even like him?
Confused. Boyfriend said no to sex.?
An Amazing Bithday Present?
How can I stop being a nerd?
This shy girl I am talking too?
Should I let them go or keep them?
Why does he always look at my boobs?
Tired of depressing questions in Family & Relationships section?
my girlfriend beats me?
Guys: do you think sex isn't necessary in a relationship?
My ex broke up with me 3 times helppppp?
My crush suddenly ignored me? [Shy girls help plz!]?
my gf of two days wants to break up, why?
is it normal for my mother to say that I love my husbands family more?
Crush!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!?
Would you be \ashamed\to call this your engagement ring?
should i stop contact her because she just think of me as a friend?
Help ! I need advise?
What should I do about this situation?
why do i feel so angry at myself?
What should I do about this situation?
Should I break up with my bf?
Do you think this guy likes me? What should I do?
What did my husband mean when he said to my Sister \ let me see your tootsie roll\?
Does he like me or not? confusion? Should I just let him go?
Help needed with a female friend?
Is he into me, or is he over me?
Is this okay to say to my ex to make her want me?
Me and my wife have regular argument because keeping our room clean.?
A woman going to a bar alone....?
How do I become a SLUT.....?
Why my boyfriend hates me?
These girls at school hate me...?
Is it ok to go out with other girls?
I dreamt of being in class and this girl came in, and everyone started talking about her?
falling love with cousin is it normal ya any kind of risk?
Boyfriend help, please?
please help! does he want me on his life again? I will answer yours?
Hey girls, what do you expect from your boyfriends?
Ladies would you find it exciting and fun if your husband started wearing underwear that matched yours?
How to say hi to a girl over text?
HELP! Why is acting like this??
Relationship Advice (detail below)?
Am i gay or bisexual or something else?
why are we best friends?
Why won't he ask me out?
what does it mean when he gives you a promise ring?
I like this guy and I think he likes me back... it's valentine's day soon, what should I do?!?
Any one had sex while she/he in travel with stranger ? Where? How u found it ?
how is it cheating if i hooked up with her identical twin?
Guy friend moving away, what to do? PLEASE?
Guys and Girls Help me to break up !!!! I'm really confused !!!?
how to get a random girls number?
Is he lying? Is he avoiding me?
Is the best time to tell your partner really bad news when...?
is it wrong that i feel mad at my mom over this?
GUYS feeling boobs??
What's so horrible about being a receptionist?
Ex dumped me and now confesses why. I'm so shocked and don't know what to do? Thanks for reading.?
is being a clingy girlfriend/ boyfriend really a bad thing?
Im in a \relationship\but I can't stop thinking about another guy! HELP!!?
Guys: when you're just \seeing\ someone?
Girls, ever had sex with another girl? If no would u like to do it even if y are stright ?
Does he have feeling for me?
my mother is getting married in 2 months and I want to sing her a song.?
How to hav friendship with girl zzz?
how do i get on the friend lest?
I was rude to a guy who kept flirting with me,.. what should i do?
I am now father, I excited about it but felt out of love of my gf. HELP!?
I like this guy but he's older than me?
How to have a good friendship with girls??
Help needed with a female friend?
I need help with a jerk!!!!!!!!!!?
I love her so much what can I do? Please answer thnx?
What Made This Moment So Hot...?
Unoffical girlfriend doesn't act interested?
Group of girl keep copying me and my best friend?
Does he like me or is he just being polite?
He wont let me see my kids?
Need help about this girl I like?
My customer asked me out yesterday and things got really awkward?
Does he like me or is he just being polite?
is he trying to be my friend or more?
Does he like me more than a friend?
Could he be interested?
Should i tell my best friend???????????
I want to help my best friend, but I don't know how. Advice?
How to let go of someone who you love?
Is my marriage worth saving?
What does it mean if i dreamt about holding my crush baby sister ?
Should I delete him for Facebook?
How to ask a girl out?
Should I stay mad at my mom?
have you ever broke up a happy relationship for personal gain?
is there any problem to start my remaining life with a married women ?
Theres this girl i like?
I like a girl over the Internet?
When should I message her?
Girlfriend says I've changed?
Girlfriend says I've changed?
Should I text her when I get back to school?
Would you date someone you truly loved even if you knew they didnt love you back?
sis and brother in law wont let me see their new daughter?
Help why he act so weird with me?
How do I get this girl?
how can i win her back when i hate myself?
should I meet up with this guy I met online?
Does this mean he doesnt like more!?
i sold items that were stolen what can happen?
if u messed around with someone can u guys be friends?
Hes talking to someone but is ALWAYS looking at me?
How to stop my friend bullshitting?
Nobody asked me to the formal?
She reminds me of something, but idk what it is, why?
I can't start a conversation with a girl, even if i know her. Help!!?
Can i have a girlfriend?
does this shy guy like me?
What do you think of my wedding card box?
Should I tell my Guest he's not allowed to bring his Girlfriend to the wedding?
Should I quit boxing?
Guys: when you are in love do you want other girls?
Did my gf Cheat on me?
Constantly Lying boyfriend?
Where Should We Meet Up? Im So Nervous!!?
How to kill my lonely depression?
PLEASE HELP ME!!! Please please!?
How do I propose to your girl?
How frequently do you have sex?
she love me but she also have a bf?
what can i fix about my face cos never had a girlfriend at age 31 i wish though?
Is it a bad idea for my boyfriend and I to have sex on webcam?
How to find a women to help?
40 year + Men only answer - What percentage of men in uk are too shy to ask a woman out on a date?
When guys make plans last minute?
My girlfriend laid on one of her guy friends lap?
I'm 16 and I don't have a life plan?
Did she receive my text or is she lying?
how will one no who a best friend is?
Stressed out about exams?
How do I get out of a sleepover invite?
would it be more difficult to deal with a death of a parent or being abandoned by one? Why?
Why ex bfs want to b your friends , is this a crap ?
My ex boyfriend has Asperger's and he broke up with me.?
Social Media, am I overreacting?
Should I leave my girlfriend?
If I tell anyone about the fact that I've been sexually abused, will my dad get arrested for neglect?
Should I give it another go or what? Urgent advice!?
Why can't people wait till marriage to have a baby?
Please answer me opinion Is this a cute/corny punchline for my crush?
Is this real love or?
I don't know if my mum hates me or if it's me?
How to respond to a request for paying half of the cost of a party you were invited to, after the fact?
im 26 skinny, she is only 13 she look at me daily after school time, im worried coz she is too young?
Does this girl like me?
Will i get him in my life?
What would you do if your husband flipped out on you?
How to say no to a party you don't want to go to?
Is it possible for a middle schooler to be inlove?
Why does this Freshmen girl stare at me in the hallways?
Theres this girl i like and i don't know how to approach her?
I really like him, i want him to ask me to dance?
My sons father left, moved to germany & married a very rich girl what can i do?
How can I tell my mom that I want to be obese?
Why did she get so upset?
I like this girl, how do I start?
Why does my ex boyfriend still text me?
How do I stop my friend from going back to him!?
What to do when my 13 year old brother gets offended at everything?
how does he know it is unforgivable?
No experience with girls feeling sad?
My girlfriend wants to come to my swim meet?
I dont know if i should keep dating my bf.he lives in india and i live in california?
How to tell a close friend that...?
is it weird to ask my boyfriend if he came?
ladies is this weird?
crush trying to make me jealous?
Which way is better? Please help! Ill answer yours?
When should I message her?
why is it that guys start to care when they see that you don't?...?
Does my boyfriend see himself as my child? Why is he acting like this?
Why did my crush act like that?
Is My Friend Being Played?
why would a man choose to wear a condom when you know he hates wearing them?
why is having sex after marriage gone out the window?
Does she like me back :(?
How to get through a difficult time in your marriage? How to move forward together?
What do guys really think of virgins?
why cant i delete the texts?
What would you do? just friends and talking...?
what shpuld i do with my ex bf :(?
Why ex bfs want to b your friends , is this a crap ?
gf came home with scarf covering a hickey?
Why do old sisters pretend to be mother like to their elder siblings?
Guys opinions please? Virgins vs Non-Virgins?
Im really attracted to asian girls... where do i meet them?
My teacher is really attractive...?
how do you deal with this guy?
Legal friends, help me out please.?
Reactions to proposals?
Date Ideas for 14 year olds?
Ok so this is a bit embarrasing but what do I do?
How do I tell my bestfriend that his wife is playing him?
How do i help my sik gf?
should i just wait till valentines?
gf is mad at me help I wana fix things?
I really DO NOT trust my boyfriend?
How Do I tell my fiancee I'm ready for sex again?
What do I say to him?
So there's this girl I like and I don't know where we \stand\?
what does it mean he said he was getting ahead of himself?
what is something cute you say to your crush?
Does jealousy have an age?
How should a 13 year old girl act and and is a personality change normal?
How do I get my boyfriend to leave me alone? Help!?
Is there any girl want to be my girlfriend?
Ladies what would you think if a guy you dated for a few months texted you this?
Trying to hookup with a girl while camping?
When and how should I pull the trigger and \officially\ ask this girl out?
Can i ever truly love my husband?
I really want her back, but I think I blew it? Please help? :(?
What is he thinking ? I'm a bit confused.?
I'm afraid of getting hurt again?
What to do if you tell your parents that your going to a friends but u actually go somewhere else?
Absent father trying to gain access?
Could this be a sign of my boyfriend cheating or it is just my imagination?
In love with someone, what to do?
Me and my Boyfriend decided to stop having sex?
i love her but does she feel the same way?
Should I talk/text him?
If a man say this might be the last\ means he sad ? That we might or not see again?
My friend acts sweet one minute then mean and passive-aggressive the next, why?
Relation ship advice with my dad- why does he?
What to say to a guy?
Is my relationship over?
Does my friend fancy me?
GUYS PLEASE ANSWER! Need answers as?
any advice on what should I do?
How do you get a girl to buy you stuff?
Does my boyfriends best friend sound like a creep?
My girlfriend's ex boyfriend is being an immature prick?
Is this girl a bit odd? Or just an attention seeker?
What are some activities to do on a lovers tryst?
Answer meh! How can I be nicer?
Hello I'm 5'6 and is that bad?
I like a girl online and she might now like me back.?
My girlfriend is very dominant, is this a problem?
How to win him back to me?
Boyfriend gets jealous of other guys?
I think my boyfriend does not love me.?
How to win him back to me?
Why the big increase in girls asking boys out on dates?
i cant catch a break?
Should i date this girl?
my friend with social anxiety and depression just flat out stopped talking to me?
Whom i can believe? My father,mother,sister,brother or relative?
My friend is purposely trying to make me mad!?!?!?
Is she ignoring me? Please answer me?
should I break up with him?
What should I do in this relationship situation? Should I dump her? What is the best way to deal with this?
What should I do in this relationship situation? Should I dump her? What is the best way to deal with this?
Dinner with girlfriend's siblings?
Are spam emails an indicator of internet searches?
My brother passed away a few months ago and I feel really alone. What should I do?
How can I be sure that my parents wont find out about me smoking?
Would a guy still do this if he lost interest?
How did you propose to your significant other?
Question for the ladies?
I need help with this French guy I like. Please help?
I'm 21 meeting a 46 year old man with gf....?
Why every time I reject some guy, it gives him the right to start annoying me?
I need advice on \dating/crush\?
I can't stand when people touch me?
Would you believe it or not?
hes ignoring me or what??
What do i do when my friend and i are fighting over girls !???
I am confused ... a typical Man-Lady Relationship Query?
How can tell him if he doesnt listen or want to hang out?
My boyfriend saw my ex calling me?
crush on a girl I went to high school with, what should i do?
Do you think people use the internet as a crutch?
I need to move out...?
Girls what would you do if...? (BEST ANSWER IN ONE HOUR)?
Falling in love, moving away in a month?
Why Is My Friend Ignoring Me All of Sudden?
Was I over-protective of my ex-gf..?
Should I text her again?
How to get that spark back?
How to get out of a plan you've already agreed to?
When my crush is angry and ignores me ?
Mom Doesn't trust me at all. Frustrated :(?
is it true that a guy does this......?
What is this girl's deal?
how to attract a girl to fall in love?
I am looking to spice up my sex life. It's amazing already but want more kinks to try. Any suggestions?
IS my friend just being friendly?
Why does my boyfriend not act like well.. A boyfriend?
How to make a guy stop loving you??!!?
So there's this girl I like and I don't know where we \stand\?
Is $10 a little too much to charge for leaving the toilet seat up?
I am infatuated by his actions and he is just hot and fit I like him?
How do I explain to my boyfriend I'm getting a sex change?
Should I ask her to sign a prenuptial agreement before a wedding date is set?
What should I do about this wedding guest list?
When we truly love someone, is it normal that we don't want to lose him/her in our life?
what should i do...im feeling betrayed?
Does he like me or not. Please help?
What does it mean when a guy stares at you?
What would happen if the women who wanted a relationship started approaching men!?
I can't start a conversation with a girl, even if i know her. Help!!?
what should you get as a gift for the 100th year anniversary if you make it to it?
Do guys like extremely long hair on a girl?
Help, advice on moving on from someone I love?
Should i really be embarrassed by this?
Help - 21 year old & 17 year old?
MY boyfriend want to pick me help me !?
i maried a mexican women in 1997 after 2 days she was gon howlong wil it take to divorce her becouse i dont n?
Mean to me but kind with my friend?
Girls, do you find only tall man attractive ?
Is he losing interest or am I being crazy?
My ex girl tried to sleep with an associate of mine not a friend while we was on a break now she want me back?
How is one supposed to date with the constant threat of being called a creep?
In love with my best friend...?
I want my ex back. We still text.?
I'll be alone at home today. What should I do?
want this guy to love me what can I do.?
Is he playing with me or am i paranoid?
Why do gold diggers even ever bother getting upset at their husbands?
Girl I barely talk is rude to me in the hallway?
My parents are way too strict and mean?
how do i tell him not to play with us?
Guilty, should I tell my boyfriend?
Iam newly married.but my husband having short temper.he shouts me even a small thing.having age difference.?
why do we talk to our friends differently than we do when we are with our parents?
My boyfriend asked me to tell him how do I feel about him, what should I say?
I like a girl, but not sure if she really likes me. Advice?
I don't know if this girl likes me or if I'm starting to look like a creep?
Does he like me if he teases me?
How can I change my 14 year old daughter last name to her deceased fathers name when she bears my ex last name?
Why do some guys become the meanest person to you when you break up with him or ignore him?
My crush raises his shirt when he's around me?
Can you be my father figure?
Ugh, problems with my exgf!?
help with kissing my boyfriend?
boyfriend ready my diary?
How to get closer with my gf?
Why does my ex hug me this way?
Stay out or Stay in for birthday?quick?
Should I go to the middle school that my boyfriend and most of my friends are going?
I want to divorce but I'm scared...?
Really good looking guy...I don't know what to do..?
My ex girl tried to sleep with an associate of mine not a friend while we was on a break now she want me back?
Should I leave my boyfriend?
Getting a girl to go camping?
What do you think of this song I wrote for my daughter?
Dropped out of college the first day and now my whole family thinks I'm a freak?
my bestfriends sister is 12 but she's had 27 boyfriends!?
gf is mad at me because she claims I do to much?
may I ask you what is allaphone?
I'm in love but I'm scared.....help?!?
Why does he think I'm creepy?
Does he like like me?
i all i do is think of him?
Wife abandons marriage after one year and wants to come back?
My guy friend said something and I'm wondering if he has feelings for me?
What is he thinking...?
What should i do? I think i have a crush on my professor .?
I got laid and then rejected?
One night stand with a co-worker he's a married and he says he loves me, do you think so?
Does long distance relationship works with an aries woman and leo man??
If a very polite girl all of a sudden starts swearing around you?
I think this girl could be ignoring me?
My lottle sister is getting a fight! Plz help!?
Feeling depressed and guilty because of a lie? PLEASE HELP !!!?
What the hell who sent me girlie magazineS?
I told her my feelings and I haven't gotten a response?
What does it mean when a guy...?
How to see if a guy is interested in you when texting?
She dreamed having sex with ex?
gf is mad at me please help?
My girlfriends wants to break up with me as I drink too much.?
My date says she's a cold stone and she'll never be able to love someone. What should I tell her?
why I LOVE GIRLS SO MUCH?
Should I just break up with her?
How can I help my son with special needs to make friends?
I like this guy but I am afraid of getting hurt?
What is the best gift to give to my girdle friend on a date?
I like this guy but I am afraid of getting hurt?
Why are brothers getting involved????? PLZ ANSWER THIS IS SERIOUS! Nn?
What is your idea of being happily married?
How can I bust my wife cheating?
How do you forget about someone ?
My cheating EX is doing me for harassment HELP?
Whats wrong with these 20 yr olds?
Why is he so irritated with me? I'm so upset:(?
I want a guys point of view. 4-5 stars?
How to act, are my chances lost?
What would you think of this girl? Opinions? best answer 10 pts?
Girls help ! i think my brothers gf likes me ......help....please.?
My Girlfriend is Lazy and has a Bad Attitude?
How can I get a girlfriend?
My Mom is forcing me to go to a high school i dont want to go to?
I have a boyfriend but i love another?
how can i let her know she has nothing to worry about?
Is it okay to be cold and boring to guys?
What does it mean if a guy squeezes your leg during class?
What is implied when he tells me he is horny? (Guy opinions would be sick)?
He said he fell for me but he won't actually say the words \I love you,\?
I got in trouble for saying this at school, should I laugh?
Guy I like asks me about my weekend/after class plans, why?
I like a guy but he doesn't like me anymore?
What should I do ? should I text her again or wait for her to text me?
How to sort out with people who were once my best friends ?
Please answer me?? I love him :(?
Why girl do last minute date cancel?
Hooked up with my crush's bestfriend...?
NEED SOME STRANGER TO TALK TO AND SHARE MY PROBLEMS AND FEELINGS WITH !!!?
My Girlfriend of 2 years wants to get married, however I don't feel ready, am I wrong?
Im 22 and loosing my hair a lot? Will girls still find me attractive?
Guys: what does a handshake mean?
Should I stay home or go to Missouri?
He said maybe to meeting up? Is he not interested?
Do you guys know POKLINE.net? Is the new dating site, and one of the most completed actually!?
What do you think about this text?
Does this sound okay?
How to act when my husband leaves for the weekend?
My brother came to know about my omegle friend?
I am devastated when I walked in on my husband....?
Does he like me?! I need an honest opinion!?
I feel awkwrd flirting with guys my age?
can someone tell me what this means?
Why was this girl smiling laughing when I was talking to her?
I think the girl I'm falling for is bipolar?
Should I wait for this girl that I really like?
What's it mean if a guy keeps looking at you? Ill answer yours?
Is it bad if i sent a love heart to a girl and she didnt send one back? :C?
When will i meet my friends for life?
in about 2 hrs I'm gonna go to this new school and need some advice?
what does it mean if a girl wants to be friends with benefits?
I don't get along with my husbands friends at all, is this normal?
How do I keep from \just laying there\?
Nightclub, what to wear? Guys come on tell me what you like to see.?
Male help preferably?
Will he find me cold and boring after this?
When a guy asks lots of questions does he like me?
I dont think I will ever have a relationship?
GUYS: Do you think girls that dress sexy in clubs are sluts?
How to know if aries woman is interested or see's me just as a friend?
guys, separating sex and love?
Boyfriend takes forever and we just end up mad at each other...?
my ex is threatening to use my text msgs sent to her for child custody?
How can i ask out a checkout girl at a supermarket ?
What to do if a flirty boy is starring at you continuous?
I really need some advice :( thank you for reading...?
I WANT A SOLUTION PLEASE SEE MY QUESTION !!?
My ex girlfriend got married b4 10 days, i cant live without her?
hi girls... does size important? should it be hard, thick and large? how much?
Can a shallow man make an emotional connection with a girl?
Got turned down when I told him I loved him yesterday? Some help please?
I dont know how to deal with life anymore?
I dont know how to deal wih life anymore?
I dont know how to deal wih life anymore?
i like the guy who likes me's best friend???
Girls: m Looking for a True Lover??
dowry can be filed in intercast love marriage?
GUYS: Do you go for the hottest girl at the club?
How to be 'wanted' by girls?
Why is my fiance so mad over nothing?
Did I make the right decision to tell him to go?
What should I get my boyfriend for his birthday?
told ex things will tjings be ok?
im a lesbian and i cant attract this girl coz she likes guys!?!?
What was losing your virginity like? Girls did it hurt? Should i worry?
Can a divorced remarried person with many years of teaching experience be hired in a Catholic School?
How can I live happily and enthusiastically if?
my voice in not going out i can hear,other party while talking skype?
Why do some bf cheat?
Who wants to be my friend?
Is $175 ridculous to pay for food at a wedding?
My wife had an affair 5 years ago mad one day. I stayed for our kids, but feel punished daily. Just end it?
GUYS: Do you go for the hottest girl at the club?
Do people who flirt around ever feel guilty?
What Does a Guy Think when a girl he left doesn't call? (Married)?
Does this mean I am in the friendzone?
I love my mom... but!?
How much should I tell her if I was to tell her about the past 2 years?
What is your Zodiac sign? i'm a Taurus?
gangrape porn real or fake?? should i worry?
how to know that your ex crush likes you (through facebook only!)?
Hi friends my name is ashok we have a own packaged drinking transportation,?
My boyfriend breaks his necklace when we argue?
I think my relationship is uneven?
Guy only texted me in the morning?
Help! he is ashamed of liking me, but i cant seem to get over him?
What does he want from me?!?
Why do most faithful people get dumped?
Guy only texted me in the morning?
Found boyfriend on dating website?
Too young to be fooling around with boys?!?
The girl i like is only visiting . help mee?
talking to a girl online and I have no idea where it's going.?
boyfriend issue! if this was ur type of.boyfriend would u stay or move on?
Was he hinting for me to come over?
Difference between arrogant and confident?
boyfriend issue! if this was ur type of.boyfriend would u stay or move on?
Please answer, no one's answering!?
Has this guy blocked me on whatsapp? Help! I will answer yours:)?
I'm jealous of my aunt's university grades. plz help?
My bf just dumped me please help?
i had a dream i had sex with my sister please help?
Do you have a good relationship with your in-laws?
I want to tell her, but how, should it be from me or others?
i think my mom is going to leave my family for his internet boyfriend?
Should I write my boyfriend a letter, please help!?
What should I do? should I text her again or wait for her?
My boyfriend doesnt talk to me that much anymore...?
How to know that a girl likes u or not?
Why do Japanese father's never get to see their children after divorce?
HELP!!!!!! I'm having sex with my moms friend.?
What can i do for her during her birthday?
Do you think that he actually likes me?
Advice for 19 year old afraid of debt??????
let friend use my game account but now i want him to stop using it?
what are some good sayings or quotes for a DUMBA$$ X!?
what is he trying to do? what does this mean? does he like me or not?
Is sex really as good as everyone says it is?
Girls: Would you date a guy whos shorter than you ? Guys: Would you date a girl whos taller than you?
I met this girl on social media and I'm wondering what she thinks of me and what she wants to do.?
girls if u liked a guy would u tell him your skype name?
I'm jealous of my aunt's university grades. plz help?
I can't take it anymore?
How to ward off this woman at my place of work? Not Interested...?
Why does my boyfriend drag me to a strip club than get mad when guys talk to me?
Had a fight with my mom help please?
I need relationship help?
I need someone to talk to or I need antidepresents?
How to tell if a guy likes you?
Why do guys like leading girls on?
What does this guy want from me?!!!!?
Does he like me or not?
Do most black men only like black women?
Can someone please help me, what would you do in my situation? I'm so scared my parents will hate me?
Should I tell her so she can grow as as person?
How to tell him I miss him??
I didn't get into college and I am so upset about it, please help me my parents will kill me?
My boyfriend broke up with me because he's busy?
Why does he seem so interested in HER?
how can i ask my crush to hang out just wanted to know her?
How would you get back at this person?
I've never had an orgasm with my boyfriend?
Want to know if I'm overreacting?
Why does Islam oppose having boy-friends and girl-friends?
Girls..Do you like it when your guy picks you up in his arms and then fucks you...I love it..DO you also..?
What i do for leave everithin?
What can I say to my girlfriend or do with her every single day?
My dad keeps expressing his anger towards me, what do I do?
signs that a guy likes you?
please read, is she just being friendly?
I really like this girl how should i tell her?
real talk, no lie, would you date a fat chick?
i dont know what im doing with my life...?
How do I keep from repeatedly calling my ex, and should I?
Is she my best friend?
What is wrong with my girlfriend? I love her but..?
How come one minute he seems like he likes me but then all of sudden totally different the next day?
What would you do? Please help!!!!?
People find it weird that i love my dad soo much?
Said some really mean stuff to my mum?
girls can you answer this for me?
asap I need help with this girl?
txt msgs used in custody case in Colorado?
I've known this girl for two yrs now in college. do i ask her out?
Gentelman Some Advice Please?
I THINK MY COUSIN IS GOING TO KILL MY GRANDPARENTS?
girl on bus I like and eye contact with her?
Are basic questions alright to ask girls?
why in the world am I so?
I want to be friends with my girlfriend or split up but I love her so much!? What can I do..?
Snapchat, is this guy trying to flirt with me?
Does he actually like me?
how do i ask my dad if i can go to a dance with a friend?
Is this age difference weird?
I need someone who cares about me?
Is it weird to be taller then my man?
How can I approach a girl without it being weird...?
Why do I feel insecure/ paranoid if my bf doesn't call?
Does my crush like me ?
The girl I like doesn't like me back now what?
Should I call it quits with \besfriend\?
what does it mean when a guy wants you to send a selfie to him?
Why do people only use me?
I hate/envy my best friend what should I do?
Its my best frnd's gf birthday suggest me some ideas how can my frnd make it spl nd surprise her in class?
Was her last text intended for me, or someone else?
what does it mean when a guy makes eye contact with you a lot?
Its my first anniversary wid my bf...how can i make it spl for both of us...splly for him?
I'm going to push him away and I don't know what to do?
Sex before marriage...what do you think about it??
I'm really confused and scared?
mistaking friendship with love?
The picture of the most perfect guy you've seen?
I've had a very emotionsl breakup with a bestfriend what do I do?
Is it safe to go for this girl?
HELPPPP!! :( my bf moms caught me in the closet?
Girls,what would you do if ''playing hard to get failed'?
i dont know if she likes me back :(?
Should I talk to my ex?
If you were in a relationship with someone and they attempted suicide would you stay in the relationship...?
What are some funny/humourus questions I can ask my crush?
Why do I feel as though I want to disappear?
Being an indecisive girlfriend she'll be back for the 4th time?
Love someone but want to be with other people?
Relationship advice with my best guy friend. Help! I feel so guilty, it's eating me alive.?
This guy acts like he likes me but says to our friend he doesn't?
I need help with this girl????
Does this count as rape?
Are they going to last together?
Why do i only attract men with wives and girlfriends?
How do I deal with his psycho ex wife?!?
i don't know if she likes me back :(?
Does he like me or just trying to get in my pants?
Girl I like told me she has post traumatic stress disorder.?
Girlfriend acting too nice all of a sudden, very suspicious?!?
I don't know if this girl likes me or I'm starting to seem like a creep?
A guy said I was \quite pretty\ what does that mean?
Can you be friends with cuddle benefits?
Guy issue.................help please ?
Does she like me back??? Please help ASAP?
what do guys love in bed?
Is It Possible To Be Friendzoned By Your Ex?
My boyfriend is different than me when it comes to being angry how do I help?
Is this leading to a break up?
i want a good girlfriend...where do i get a girlfriend?
Do you remember the last time you were happy?
Should I go to this social alone?
Need a womens oppionion?
Can you ever move too fast if she is your soulmate?
What do girls think about this?
I can't leave my boyfriend when I know I deserve better. Advice?
Is there ANY way to stop feeling angry and depressed after a breakup?
Why does everyone think I have daddy issues just cause my bf is older?
If a friend wants to reschedule lunch with you for the next week, does she not like your company?
What are you plans for the weekend?
Would a gold digger get to this point to get what she wantz?
What should I do, very confused?
My best friend pets me like a dog?
How do I begin talking to a girl I barely know?
I dont trust my mums boyfriend or any men help? :(?
Newlywed husband won't have sex?
A story. And a question?
Is it possible to live like F.R.I.E.N.D.S?
What is the difference from normal jealousy in a relationship and just being too controlling?
Is my wedding really going to be \ghetto\? Advice GREATLY needed?
How can I get my boyfriend to trust me he wanted to breakup because some guys commented on my pictures?
Girls will you date a sensitive guy?
I got good grades but didnt get anything ;( How can i convince my dad to get me a gift?
why do guys act this way? ( 20 points and i will ans back?
feelings of guilt/feeling bad after we talk?
Me n my gf used to hav regular sex.nw v want to break up.will it cause problem to her future relation?
My boyfriend gets really jealous over facebook and boys wants to breakup because of it?
Why is my ex on her guard? She's the one who broke it.?
Bullshit that my ex told me this?
GIRLS:Why does she just blow me off?
My guy friend is calling me a whore?
How do I tell him?? Help?
Is it gay that I give my guy friends hugs?
do i have to pay child maintanance if my ex partner has her fiancee living with her fulltime.?
Should a person's boyfriend be there for them after they attempted suicide?
whats your hottest fantasy?
HELP! in a dilemma!!!?
Do you want to get married?
Does age matter in friendships?
How can He stop Masturburate?
No experience with girls at 20, feeling depressed?
Why'd I start cuming when I saw this pic?
Does es it matter who has the child more when going to court for custody?
Why did I start cuming when I saw this picture?
How do I convince my teacher to let me switch lunch tables? 10 POINTS BEST ANSWER!?
Guy question! Boys please help me?
my girlfriend told.me she?
GUYS: whats the hottest thing a girl could do?
why did this boy give a compliment to this other girl?
Should I tell him I like him?
Husband cheated on me and I slept with my friend now I'm pregnant, so scared what should I do?
why is my crush ignoring me?
GIRLS: Why does she ignore me?
My \friends\ talk about me behind my back?
Is loving,collecting & enjoying films Childish & Immature?
We should try very hard not to live in the past. Agree or disagree?
I like her .....but is she only teasing HELP ?
Can a girl be too horny?
Guys how do you remember your first girlfriend.?
How to be more social in high school?
When is the right time to confess your feelings to someone you love?
Confused about roomates?
I'm loud at home but quiet in school?
I'm in deep love in a girl that I saved her life...?
my girlfriend says that it is?
what can i do to tolerate or get rid of the annoying house guest?
what to do to get my old ex girlfriend attraction back ?
Why do my parents not understand me as a person?
When a girl says bye friend, does that mean your in the friendzone?
what's his deal? Ill answer your Q?
What is it classified as ?
i love this girl so much but what do I do?
how to attract a girl with my voice tone?
Did she loose interest?
me and my best friend are drifting apart?
(guys??): should i wish a guy happy bday who knows i like him but is dating another girl?
How should I present this to my parents?
should i ask him out? And how?
So What Do I Do? This Girl Has My Head Spinning In Confusion.?
Looking for more responses! -- GUYS!?
would you return his gift back?
Should my boyfriend pay more rent than me if he makes more?
Ideas to show by bf how much I love him?
Why is this happening? I am going against my decision?
Affair with a professor?
Is consensual sex between adult first cousins ok?
GIRLS: is it best that he found out this way? And was his reaction expected?
Couldn't feel my boyfriends boner?
I am going to flat out ask him tomorrow, but....?
whay do guys like cheerleaders so much?
Does she like me or not?
Somone Help Me On How To Use The Hot or Not App?
Is this something a good guy would say?
What if a guy looks down while you talk to him?
We both like each other but we never talk?
I used my mothers credit card?
Did she want to hook up?
In the state of mississippi if your husband takes you to court for a divorce and he has no grounds it what hap?
why is my ex mentioning me?
DO YOU THINK HE LIKES ME? ( 20 POINTS AND I WIL ANS YOURS?
What does it mean by this?
Date night hairstyle and makeup? 10 easy points!!!?
I'm a guy who doesn't like hooking up?
How to deal with a wife who feels happy seeing me in pain/trouble, sadist?
Does he just want to sleep with me or is there more to it.?
What to do? Domestic violence.?
whats the best song to dedicate to a girl that you love soooooo much and dont know how to express it to her??
What exactly is a friend?
This boy and I used to be close but..?
What is she thinking, and what's my next move?
please help I need someone to talk to?
what does it mean if a guy sends you this?
Should I ask him out?
I'm concerned about my best friend?
Is it wrong to sleep with your ex's brother?
Should I try smiling at this girl?
How to stop being so desperate?!?
ALONE: I DONT EXIST. WITH HIS FRIENDS..... ( PLEASE ANSWER I WILL ANS BACK AND 20 POINTS?
Girls would you do this if you were not attracted or interestead?
How to stop being so desperate?!?
How to talk to this girl I like? please help!?
dose this make me a bad person?
My gf hates when I smoke weed?
I discovered that That my husband is going to strip Club a lot..?
My boyfriend's mom won't let him choose his college. How can I remind him it is his choice?
What should I do about this?
I need advice on how/when to kiss a girl!?
Girls would you do this if not attracted and what I do?
Was this a bad idea orr...?
Thinking about sending this to a girl after we broke up, opinions?
Why do I get so jealous easily? Why does everyone like them?
Are there any races you find more or less attractive? And why?
What should we do with my grandma?
Are my friends with benefits real friends or just after sex?
How to get a shy guy to speak up/ talk to you?
Help me how to handle my horrible Mother In Law, I need suggestions!!?
I am 19 years old,I love my Maths teacher .Yesterday I kissed her while leaving!! What should I do now?
What is a good way to ask this girl to be my girlfriend?
What do i get my sugar daddy for his bday?!?
How would you view a man who defended himself against a woman?
Was I out of line to kick this guy in the crotch?
Confused about girls I just met ?
Should I tell him I like him?
Is it possible and if so, how can I get my ex-girlfriend back?
Getting involved with my neighbor. Good or bad idea?!?
What is going on with this girl?!?
What does she means by that?
Cant live without male attention?
Is it ok if I friend him on facebook?
how come guys only talk to me when my hair and make up is not done up?
IS there a valid reason that same sex couples should not be allowed to marry? Dont say the Bible is against it?
Brother is going through a spout of bad luck, is there anything I can do to cheer him up?
she said she is down to take me out?
I fancy my Uni flat share... How to stop?!?
I miss my EX boy friend, I need to talk with you plzz?
She sends heart, seems pretty suspicious.?
Is this guy trying to change me/get me to have sex?
How should I go anywhere or do anything if my dad is constantly working and my mom lives over 20 miles away?
I don't want to marry my boyfriend, but don't really know how to tell him.. help please?
Read plzz !! Should I do this?
Ex girlfriend is crazy?
Is family conflict the most difficult to resolve?
Does my boyfriends best friend sound like a creep?
what feelings do you experience when you're in love? ?
What happened to this?
How to flirt with a boy?
Always initiating contact, but wasn't always like that?
is it ok to hate my dad?
Does your gf accuse u of cheating for no reason?
I'm confused...? how long does he need space for? :/ 11 points best answer?
I cant have kids. Should i tell my girlfriend?
Why does everyone say If a man hits you once, he will do it again?
16 year old guy dating a 14 year old girl?
Getting Involved with my neighbor. Good or bad idea?
she said she is down to take me out?
Ladies of Yahoo! Answers - Does she like me?
My boyfriend says he is Otterly In Love With Me?!?
Creative ways to ask a guy to turnabout?
Is he just with me until somehing better comes along?
i like this dude and dont know what to do?
My boyfriend doesn't seem like he has time for me?
Do I go for the smaller wedding dress or bigger lol?
I waited too long to talk to my crush?
How to get my parents to take me to disney world with a friend if they already said no?
got divorced 9 months ago and paid her 5000$ is it deductible?
She said she is down to take me out?
Why does he want to hang out?
has anyone gotten away with getting married again with out a divorce?
Will she come back around?
How to talk to this girl I like? please help!?
Dating someone far away?
Is it cheating if u sext your guy friend just for fun but you have a bf?
How to turn a guy on?!?
how do I get this girl to notice me?
What does it mean that my boyfriend never gets jealous?
How do you kiss using tongues?
My mom owes me almost a thousad dollars?
Etiquette for step parents at weddings?
Help me!!!! My dad is going to be so mad!!!!!?
how can I convince by boyfriend not to go abroad?
I don't know whether I should break up with my girlfriend?
How did you meet your gf?
What should i do about my girlfriend?
Has anyone ever been involved in a consanguineous non-platonic relationship with a sibling?
How can i find a sponser for my husband?
My mom says violent video games are bad and is being a Hippocrit?
Help with this girl? Please?
Should I just stop trying already?
Should I just stop trying already?
why do I feel so weird.?
so if u ask a guy if they like u & then they say no but he acts like he does and then ends up making out w/ u?
My boyfriend thinks I like my friend. Advice?
Why doesnt my boyfriend last long?
Ground rules for gay son?
I barely smacked my boyfriend? Not hard!?
How to gain my pride and dignity back after an unfair break up? feeling down..Really need your advise.?
Girl Advice? Sorry if this sound perverted?
Parents fighting alot?
My friend's brother heard us having sex?!?
Girlfriend is full of sh*t. What do I do?
Is there a school that teaches those online how to chat effectively or with poetic prose or just for fun?
How can I make a girl break up with her fiancee and be with me instead?
I am 17 years old 6 foot tall in good shape ( Because of soccer and baseball) and im social.?
Only1 round of sex only when she likes, If I tell her nicely that im not satisfied she gets angry, wat to do?
Just friends or more than friends?
attracted to black girls and I'm white?
Do you think my bf is being fair?
Is he leading me on on purpose or not?
I struggle with talking to girls in person?
Guys & girls help me pls: Should I follow him on twitter again? NEED HELP! Short.?
Should I quit my team if one team mate dosent like me?
It's about me and my girlfriend?
when a girl says this what does it mean?
How to come out and avoid this? friends help me pls....?
I feel incredibly bad I need help read this?
Do you think she would appreciate this message?
Parents wont let me go to school because my career choice isnt theirs?
He rejected me, but I think he likes me?
Should I just stop trying? Please help?
Ending Child support in Nova Scotia from Abroad?
Anyone single for 2 years or more?
Girlfriend is very controlling?
Is she interested in me or not?
How to know if he likes me?
GIRLS: question about making out?
who gets to claim the kids if the custodial parent doesnt work and the noncustodial parent pays child support?
I need help with this girl?
Girls, please give advice??
GIRLS !!!! Should I do this?
I'm shy around my boyfriend what do i do?
Did I mess up with her? Should I go for her or did I mess up?
I need to make it up to this girl I like?
Have you ever been bullied?
Instagram and guys....?
My boyfriend seems like he doesn't have time for me?
Should I just forget about him?
About gifting a girl on her birthday?
Bridesmaids, groomsmen and page boys - who pays for what?
Is it possible to be in love at 14?
What is the point of sex?
My son is leading a double life, is it normal?
How to talk to random classmates?
In need of some MAJOR advice. Please help...?
Heres a question thats been burning in my mind?
Why does it seem like guys have better luck with woman if we have no intentions on being with them?
I'm afraid to let myself love again?
Why do my parents always do this?!?
Guys!! What do girls do that turns u on?
Abusive relationship, am I wrong?
Why does she blow me off?
Ideas for asking a guy to sadies?
Boy Problems ! READ READ READ?
Giving an apple to a teacher to show interest ?
Does he like me? I can't tell..?
How do I tell him I like him if I don't know if he likes me back?
Girlfriend left me after 4 years, please help.?
Doesshe lke me oris she embarrashed?AWSNER PLEASEREAD?
My girlfriend has this weird fetish but I don't...?
Serious help! Please?
Their is this girl in one of my classes and she is always wanting me in her group projects and always toucing?
Husband looking at me differently, why?
is he missing me? help! I will answer yours?
i feel like my brother dosent love me?
My Friend Is Being an A$$ Hole? Help!?
How do I hang out with women?
someone extorted someone to beat me half to death?
Please can I get some answers? Please?
How much of a jerk is this guy?
Why is he acting like this?
Why are women cheating more then men now days?
Is it normal at all to go from being engaged to dating?????DOES THAT MAKE SENSE?????
How to deal with my annoying brother?
what hotel has a good honeymoon suite in Chicago?
Annoying guy friend help?
I want commitment from my girlfriend, should I write her this letter?
Does he have a crush on me??ill answer yrs?
how to get you nagging grandma to stop?
What do guys my age do with the internet? i'm 17?
He claims he doesn't like texting but doesn't stop replying?
girl bestfriend flirting with me very sexually?
Why is having a boyfriend who is 3 years older bad?
How do i tell my boyfriend i want to blow him?
My friend cuts herself?
romantic love in relation has faded away, need help?
romantic love in relation has faded away, need help?
Can you guys tell me your honest opinion about this please?
Are there girls like this?
Advice please! My boyfriend has changed so much?
Should I even try to pursue this girl anymore?
GUYS!!! What are some signs that a guy likes you, like what will he do or say?
how is the black women white men / interracial dating like providence ri?
(Online Dating Sites) What are important things to do before you meet them in person?
Why does my classmates stare at me so much?
How can I turn him on but not go far?
Boyfriend oral problems?
Blushing Emoji What does it mean when a boy gives you it?
Why dont guys want to be friends with me?
I'm white but attracted to black girls?
Do you get bah where wife n kids are located or?
Is there a term for younger girls who prefer older men?
what does it mean when a girl stares at you intensely?
why do i always miss her at night?
Can a relationship work if his friends don't get along with you?
what does it mean when a girl stares at you intensely?
My friend always puts me down?
Is she a real friend?
I'm attracted to bad guys, what's so wrong with that?
What can i do im sad?
How do i know if a guy likes me?
Is this unheard of in high school?
do you think i should ask her out?
I don't want to come over to his house. What should I do?
College roommate problem, looking for outside opinions?
PLEASE HELP!! WHY WOULD A BOYFRIEND DO THIS??
Will he have liked this?!?
help me any one I am very much depressed?
How to tell if he likes me?
Hello there everyone. I have a serious question?
FWB but not sure whats going on, help please!?
How can I convince my husband he needs to take his medicine? He believes he doesnt need meds. Frustrated?
What Should I do? Does she even care about me?
what guys think about?
Did kajal agarwal ever kiss any guy?
Why did my ex boyfriend took my phone number but didn't call me?
How do I get my husband to listen to my needs?
How do I attract a college senior as a freshman?
How to stop loving someone?
Girls, would it be weird if...?
I'm 56, I am thrown into being single again. Do 40+ have any interest in women that age or is 56 too olf?
Why would a 23 year old be talking to a 16 year old?
should I continue to Persue the one man that never hurt me... that I pushed away..?
Help with combining names?
How to ask someone out?
Should I text him guys?
Help! Should I invite her?
My first girlfriend broke up with me, I don't know what to do...?
He looks at me..but he doesnt talk to me?
How do I get him to love me again?
What do I tell a girl that I would like to date if I have no money for the date?
How can you make your boyfriend feel better?
Should I wait for this girl that I really like?
Can this b a like or im just thinking it?
How to ask a male cashier out...?
Is she interested in me or not?
How do I make it less awkward?
What are some signs a girl wants you to talk to her?
hw much does it cost to get married n courthouse n lumberton nc?
How do I deal with this bully?
How to get a girlfriend and to do stuff with her?
confused..relationship?
How to get a girlfriend for stuff?
Should i start try talking to my crush again? (WARNING:Long Complicated Story)?
HELP! HOW TO GET OUT OF A LOVE TRIANGLE!?
Good short poem for crush on Valentines day?
Does Chris think I am his girlfriend?
How to ask her to be my girlfriend? I'm nervous?
I gave my little brother a black eye what will happen?
is it ok for a 15 year old to date a 20 year old?
How To Tell Someone You're Not Interested In Them And Don't Want To Date Them?
How to get him to forgive me?
Best friend's girlfriend don't like me =|?
He looks at me..but he doesnt talk to me?
She asked for a massage? 10 points?
My friend is mean to me helpp?
pros an cons in a relationship?
Why does this happen to me?
why is he being this way?
Is it weird if all your friends are older than you?
I know the first name, birthmonth + year, first letter to last name.?
Please please please help me! What should I do?
So...I am using a family friends Netflix on my Apple TV (login in) and I want to login with the same info/?
Shy girl and shy boy in 6th grade?
Good date ideas (not first)?
How to get a girlfriend for stuff?
How should I ask her to be my girlfriend? I can't find the words?
Which is more attractive? Which would you go for? (Guys Only)?
Should i go ahead and ask him out?
Is she interested in me? or just blow it off?
Is this guy just a nice guy? - would like a guys opinion?
Is it nomal for a guy to be this in love?
Why are guys so nervous to ask girls out?
Why does my crush act like this?
what do guys look for in a girl?
I'm 18 slept with 10 guys?
What should I do when this girl ignores me?
how to/ should I ask this girl to hang out?
i like this boy but...........?
what does it mean when a guy say this....?
Why does every girl I know seem to have the perfect boyfriend perfect little family with babies except for me?
Happy New Year, everyone what a good gift advice??
How often should a married couple have sex ?
how to tell my boyfriend i want to be a webcam girl?
Why is he so irritated with me? I'm so upset:(?
I hate my dad and don't know what to do?
Why do we seek love when we all know it ends ?
What sort of head piece or veil would you wear with this wedding dress?
Why was he feeling uncomfortable about telling me his dream?
Friend problems any advice?
I can't get him out of my head?
Why are people so mean to slutty girls?
how to know if i guy you barley know likes you or is gay/bi?
My friends are leaving me out of everything!?
What does it mean when a boyfriend breaks up with his live in girlfriend ....?
I have no friends, and I get called antisocial?
Whatdo I do if he does this ??
The questions you must ask on first date?
it is okay to ask her to hang out?
Why is my ex posting those things on Facebook?
Why are arranged marriages the most successful marriages?
Why did my brother freak out when I got a hickey?
I don't know what to do...?
I like I guy but he's older than me?
It is selfish or okay?
A guy not exactly my kind of guy is starting to catch my eye more and more. I kinda like him... Help!?
My bf wnts a 3some should i do eet?
I like a guy but don't want to chase him. How do I show him I have dignity and independent?
Is it still considered adultery when men only kiss another woman?
Would you say this \feeling\ is ?
Should I go for a seinor boy?
Please read I need advice :(?
I'm having trouble with a girl.?
All my friends are gay guys would it be exceptional to dress them in bridesmaid dresses for my wedding?
Cute ways to ask a girl to winter formal?
How do I start a conversation with a girl I really like?
What should I do to fix my life? I'm confused with life?
why do girls in middle school like skinny guys?
What to say to girls?
My bf's ''best friend'' hates me and it's running my relationship?
my husband and i were married on dec 21, i have no income, how can he claim me?
Can I get a guy's attention this way?
Is it more than likely this kid will say something to me?
How to get over a crush?
why is my mom like this?
Why cant i get a date or anything?
I feel insecure about my boyfriend watching porn?
How to ask a lacrosse player to tolo?
I've. Neverr had a boyfriend or been kissed ?? I feel so low when it comes to self esteem ....help ?!!?
Would you rather tell it like it is type people or the exact opposite?
Girls: What height do you generally like from a guy?
Why was he uncomfortable telling me his dream?
what was she implying I'm confused?
Guys on instagram.....?
What do you do after a guy asks you out?
Help me get over this guy!?
Ladies is it forward to tell your girlfriend what you want from the relationship?
How to get my girlfriend to start kissing me again..?
Should I stay with my boyfriend?
i like this one girl in school but shr is hanging out with another guy ehat should i do to make my girlfreind?
My Wife Hates Me. Any advice?
Will my ex ever get back with me?
Want Relationship Advice? Want any Advice?
Why does my fiance do this? :/?
I need help, Should I be jealous?
gf is mad at me please help?
What does it mean when a girl tells me to stop being \sassy\?
Does a boy like me if he ??
What should i say when a girl sends a sexy picture of her?
Why won't my girlfriend let me touch her?
Does my friend fancy me?
relationship question... HELP?
Does this mean he likes me?
What do guys think about this-subject on girls!?
Me and a buddy are hanging out tomorrow. Not into clubbing and bored of just eating and seeing movies. Ideas?
i ask how to marry me in muslim girl?
I have mixed feelings,help!?
Why does she hang out with him?
Parents are snooping?
How to ask this girl to cheat on her bf?
what do i do if my ex wants me back?
He looks at me..but at the same time he doesn't?
Should I feel obligated to pick up my drunk girlfriend?
FACEBOOK:Would it be creepy to like a newly posted picture of the girl that rejected you?
he has a girlfriend but he likes me?
My husband cheated and still works with one of the sluts?
I need relationship advice?
Good date ideas for someone who won't be payed for?
Is this guy right to be mad at me?
What should I do/ what does this mean... when he does this?
Does he have a crush on me?
How can i talk to this cute guy in my class?
Do you get upset when someone who supposedly loves and cares about you doesn't wish you happy birthday?
I need advice about my ex. What should I do?
Will a guy date a girl with crooked teeth but a pretty face & body?
I lost him...What now?
Is this girl I'm seeing purposely trying to make me mad? And what should I do?
Can someone please help me? :)?
Did I do the right thing?
Why do I feel this way?
Should we do a last-minute date or just wait and plan it out?
How do I tell my friend that I'm not her chauffeur?
Please answer. Am I being a jerk or is she being oversensitive?
Guys: What's it called when two people give up on eachother??
Don't wanna end up alone?
My Boyfriend of almost 2years proposed but he has a secret he forgot to tell me..?
I'm the only one of my friends still a virgin?
When is an okay age to lose your virginity?
Why would he mention my crush to me?
Why do i find myself so lazy all the time?
how to approach this girl?
How do i ask out my 8th grade crush?
My 3 oldest brothers are using a girl for sex!!!?
i love him so much, im so tired of life. will shower really help me forget him?
My boyfriend acts very nonchalant?
Did we move too fast?
How to return wife to the fold of Jesus Christ?
(Girls answer) Do you girls like the good guy, bad guy, a little of both or do you not care?
do you love your little brother?
Can i make someone dream about me?
How do I get someone who no one really likes to be involved with other people?
How do I ask my crush for her kik/number?
Why is this girl asking me questions that she knows will piss any guy off?
What can I do about my parents.?
why does my best friend treat me like dirt all of the sudden?
I think I'm in love?
Is it a bad sign when the guy finished himself when i was trying to give him a hand job?
my best friend is leaving me for some one else what do I do?
What could I do for my 17th birthday?
What to do I like a guy but i don't know whether to go for it or not?
i need help asap with this guy...?
What are some pros and cons of dating older guys?
PLEASE HELP do u think this guy likes me?
Asking a girl out in HS?
My dad is mean? Really really mean?
What does \ not ready for a relationship\ mean?
I like this guy but are texts are so awkward!?
Does he care for me and have feelings or not??? Please help!?
Parents hate each other, won't divorce, what do I do?
not cute enough......?
** No Silly Answers** Girl says i'm glad you feel comfortable talking to me. What does this mean?
My best friend is losing his virginity to someone he's been dating for a month?
What should i do if i see my enemy's boyfriend is cheating on her?
Why does act this way? why does she stay on my mind?
I am inlove with my 15 year old cousin,should express my feelings?
Im confused are we Lovers or something more?
So I kind of have a crush on a guy that maybe isn't the best fit for me but I still like him...?
So there is this girl in my math class...I told her she is really cute and got her number?
Is this guy worth my time?
I am inlove with my 15 year old cousin,should express my feelings?
Ugh! Why doesn't my BF understand?!?
Long distance relationship?
My ex has a new girlfriend already?
Where do I go for older women dating younger men?
Best friend slowly drifting away...? :(?
How do I control my sex drive?
does my crush like me back or not?
does my crush like me back or not?
WHY DOES HE ACT THIS WAY?!? I am at a loss?
When I get married, should I have a dance with my stepfather? (Backstory included)?
How do I control my sex drive?
Why would someone make eye contact with some, but not all?
Should i talk to him? What should I do? Please help?
So what should i do now, girls?
Why do girls like to be held ?
How can I talk to my ex again?
Please help peruse my writing dream and give me courage to do so!?
I want a girlfriend, but I don't want a girlfriend?
Is 28 too old to be spending time alone with Dad?
Which single parents dating is best?
bf makes me change all the songs that remind him of his ex from 2 years ago?
How can my boyfriend and I stop fighting?
22 year old dating a 33 year old ?
Should I marry this guy?
Why Am I Always Bored?
My girlfriends (Who is just a friend) boyfriend always embarrasses me?
Is it normal to feel like your relationship is a necessity in your life?
My gay friend told me that he likes me and I dont like him back? 10 points for any help..?
How do i talk to a girl i really like her she is pretty shy.My face gets red when i am near her?
Why is he trying to force me to go out with him?
Is she too shy to text back? Or losing interest? Please help?
I dont understand why I am still single!:/?
GUYS: My boyfriend wants to wait to kiss?
I don't want my relationship to end and can't help but feeling sad?
Where can I find these items?
Do you girls like when guys check you out?
Describe your current crush, or significant other(:?
My friend is a mistress should I rat her out?
My girlfriends (Who is just a friend) boyfriend always embarrasses me?
Does this guy like me?
how do I ask a girl out?
How to get revenge on my sister?
Should I ask this girl out?
What does this actually mean?
How do you talk to your crush?
Really nervous, need advice?
I want to steal this girl's boyfriend?
My ex-gf is acting weird. Why tho? She's the one who ended it.?
How to make it seem like you're sleeping next to someone?
What to do with girlfriend using dating site?
there is this boy i like but........?
How can I ask a girl to dance I need help please. (Read details)?
21 year old with 15 year old?
which girl is hotter?
How to get my crush to like me again? If you answer my question I'll answer yours!!!!?
What turns a guy on when cuddling?
Could this girl like me?
does he care about me at all :( I need answers and will return the favor?
I'm Not cute enough....?
Ideas for 50th Anniversary Video Collage Gift?
please help i have a question?
What are the signs that a guy likes you..?
How can I ask a girl to a dance, read the details please.?
My boyfriend and I broke up but..?
PLEASE ANSWER!!!!???? Why do I get so intimidated by her guy friends?
He might like me, I think?
What does it mean when a guy says your kinda cute?
Do short girls like short guys?
How can I get this girl to talk to me?
Venting about my arrogant younger brother?
How to know if a guy is in love with you?
Is it normal for your love to strengthen and dwindle in a relationship?
Do opposites really attract?
Is it okay to feel this way? I still love her but I don't want to be with her?
Why does my brother keep picking fights with me?
How can i stop being afraid of getting hurt?
How can I get a girl to go to dance with me. (Read details)?
how to get a boy to notice me?
My crush saw me and ran away?
How to get my crush that has a girlfriend?
What do you think of a guy that turns down a beautiful woman because of his homely, old wife?
Why do pretty girls want to be alone?
Why would he mention my crush to me?
I don't know how to answer his question?
Am I reading into this too much or is he interested?
Can I ask the guy I like to hang out?
How do I stay pure with my thoughts and actions?
How can I tell if an outgoing guy likes me, if he's friendly with everyone?
Females only; What would you want him to say?
How do I tell my friend I like him?
Please, please help me...what do I say to him? 10 pts?
Any advice about starting school late?
Weird Mommy fetish...does this seem wrong?
Is this behavior something I should EXPECT in a marriage?
Can a girl randomly develop feelings for you after she basically rejects you?
How long after a breakup should I start dating?
What is fair to pay when living with my boyfriend and his 2 boys?
What do I do if someone I know drinks?
Can an abuser change?
Getting involved with my neighbor. Good or bad idea?
Girlfriend acting strange. Please help.?
What do I say to this guy?
I Want to date this girl?
he texted me when he was with his friends?
I found my boyfriend on a dating website?
Can you please answer this question?
Girls: When you're nervous around a guy?
How to live with someone other than your parents?
What should I do I really screwed up?
how can i get my boyfriend to stop asking for nudes? whay can i say to make him stop disrespecting me?
So there's this girl I like but her dad doesn't want her dating after a recent breakup?
I'm 15 and a girl and wondering why almost everyone my age has boyfriends?
How to start a conversation with him?
I feel so alone like no one cares about me?
Is it wrong to think about your crush sexually?
Ill answer yours. Does he like me? He keeps looking at me and more?
My friend ditched me?
me and my girlfriend?
this is driving me insaneeeeee?
Do you prefer a curvy girl or a really skinny one?
Should I be upset or okay about my girlfriend freely twerking..?
GIRLS: What does this mean?
What do i do im 15 n both of my closest girl bestfriends want to have a 3 some?
my brother is obsessed with a girl he works with!!!?
I need a girl's opinion please help?!?
how do i get over the guy i lost my virginity to?
as a stay at home mom, am I wrong to expect some help around the house from my husband?
How to break up with my boyfriend? (Middle school)?
Haha I have kind of a weird question?
10 pts help! Girls do you think she likes me? Should I ask her out?
idk about her what do i do?
why is she sore with me I don't know?
Should I wait for this girl that I really really like?
Would it be OK to text him?
Is a girl's rejection final?
How to ask what type of girl they like without them knowing you like them?
Have you ever been in a long distance relationship?
Why does my mother hate my friends?? :( Please help me!?
I dont understand why i like him?
well me and this guy dated we broke up bc of 1 of my parents plus he is alot older than me. we today i saw?
My husband and i have been split for 4 months. but want to get back together?
Want gf to cuckold me, but need advice for shuttle approach?
Can anyone help me?? Plz opinions needed! 10pts?
Is sleeping with 5 guys a lot for a girl?
My teacher targets me?
Should I quit being a jerk? 10 points easy?
How to tell an online friend about a mutual friends death?
Does age difference make a difference when it comes to dating and kids?
Bf keeps adding random babes on facebook?
My boyfriend has been acting \weird\, whats going on?
How to deal with a self centered friend?
do you guys think i have trust issues?
My boyfriend is 18 and I'm 13. how can i convince him to come to my house?
Advice on a guy with trust issues?
When should I start worrying about my 15 year old not eating due to a break up?
please tell me want you think! you're opinion is valued?
Is it alright on facebook to reply to the post of someone you like in Wales in Welsh in a humorous way?
could he possibly like me?
To early to give my boyfriend a kiss on the cheek?
My dad is a pervert? HELP?
I don't know if I should ask this girl out??
First kiss ever need advice?
Like this girl and cant stand being around her?
does she like me? whats my next move?
Should I end my 2 year relationship with my boyfriend?
Do common interest really matter in a relationship?
I can't get over this girl?
what does it mean when a guy you hate stares at you?
What does it mean when a guy says this?
What does it mean when a guy says this?
Girlfriend makes me feel unwanted?
Answer please! crush problems! 10 POINTS!?
He's playing games and it's SO ANNOYING. Is this an ok way to handle it?
My wife cheated and I heard her scream.?
should I just let it go?
Should a single female 30 years old have her own place or still be living with roommates?
wich girl is more pretty and why?
Is it ok to tell him I'm upset?
boy trouble? please help?
Should I marry this guy?
what to do about my pot smoking boyfriend?
If she responds quickly, with short messages but then stops replying?
My parents never listen to me?
Opinion/Advice on Parents Breakup (£5 reward best answer)?
Child support from the father ?
No one answered. Pls help me guys: Should I follow him on twitter again? Serious ONLY 10pts?
I'm going to ask her out, but when?
What do I do about a boy best friend?
Why does my mom take her anger out in me?
me and my best guy friend are drifting apart..?
What do you do when you constantly catch a guy staring at you but he looks away when you make eye contact?
someone please answer my question?
What can i do? crush problems?!?
i really like this girl?
Is she interested in me?
I really like this girl ?
please tell me what should i do?
i need come backs...?
How long do I have to wait to make my friend pay up on bet for a rib dinner at Twin Anchors?
Am I bisexual if I like transgender girls that dress act and have shape ups like boys??!?!?!?
Am i annoying her? Plz answer?
My Grandma fights my Moms battles?
So is she asking me to go with her?
Can a woman answer this? I think this was totally wrong!?
Why she stop texting me?
Should I end my long distance teenage relationship!? He's 16 and I'm 15?
how to be less clingy and be happier?
We are best friends, she likes me, she has a boyfriend, and I'm starting to like her. What should I do?
How to get my crush to like me again? If you answer my question I'll answer yours!!!!?
Do I like this guy??? HELP?
Whats a good song to listen to when you like a girl but she has a boyfriend?
How do I ask a guy out?
Can a guy look hot in a hoodie? Especially if he's like 6feet to 6'3?
Is this selifsh of me?
What do I do if my crush touches my @ss?
hot or not connections?
Trouble trusting my fiance'?
I can't stand this anymore. please help...I feel confused?
Does He Like Me And What Do I Do Now?
Does He Like Me And What Do I Do Now?
im confused and cant get over him!!?
Feel like a loser...?
Need someones opinion on this...?
Do you think we would work out? (short question)?
Girls: do you prefer tall or short guys?
Can snogging the face off your sister be simply put down to drunkenness? Also how about groping own sister?
Guys: Do you like hugging?
Why is he acting different?
I'm I just being silly or is there a problem?
my crush keeps grabbing my waist what does that mean?
Guys, help me pls: Should I follow him on twitter again? 10pts!?
Don't know what to do, think I will lose her?
If a guy drops an \f bomb\ on a date does it mean he doesn't like you?
is this flirting or not?
my boyfriends parents :(?
I need foreplay to orgasm...but guys don't want to?
Why does this happen while you text for a long period of time?
Relationship Advice URGENT (Will Return Favour)?
How do i convince him. plz answer. ill answer yours?
I can't understand why he ignores me one day and is desperate to say hi the next?
Does she have a crush on me?
What to do in this new country ?
How do I move on from this boy?
How can I get him to have sex with me?
He's playing games and it's SO ANNOYING. Is this an ok way to handle it?
what shall I do I miss her so much?
If a guy is outgoing and talking to every girl?
Should I invite him over?
Curious about facebook relationship status change?
How to get my crush to like me again?
Break from husband good or bad?
Indecisive gf breaks up for the 3rd time over the same reason, she'll be back for the 4th?
Should I just tell the truth about who I'm attracted to?
A girl I used to go to school with messaged me on facebook?
How do guys get jealous?
PLEASE HELP ME RECONNECT!!! ILL ANSWER YOURS!!!?
Ladies, does this bother you?
How come my yahoo profile picture looks more attractive than all my other pictures?
Why can't I get this girl off of my mind?!?!!?
How to make friends in a school lunchroom?
Why can't I find a girl for me?
Please tell me how to talk to guys?
Is it ok for two cousins to marry each other? If not, why not?
What to do when your brother is antisocial?
How to flirt with a a shy guy?
Would you take this sentence as flirting?
Why does he do this? im so confused?
Is it ok to see help you're younger cousin oppsite sex naked?
How can I be positive?
Guys, what do you consider \pretty\ in a girl?
Someone answer, asked before and received no answers?
my boyfriend said i get mad when he touches my leg?
Help..I don't know what to do?
I not sure if I like this girl?
why won't anyone help me!! I will help you?
im atheist anx he's christian, should I still continue with this relationship...?
I am 19 with no sex drive?
What does it mean when a girl asks who you like?
how can i tell me friend he doesn't like her?
My girlfriend wants to get me things, even though I don't want anything.?
Do You Think I'll Be Allowed to Go Out With Him?
Why not just throw their stuff out on the lawn and change the locks?
I don't know what to do anymore...i am so confused?
Does this white guy like me ? Why is he so mean?
how best to talk to a guy friend after a kiss... two weeks ago?
How do I spice up my sex life?
I am having a 13th birthday party and I need an open space venue in NY.?
Why is having 6 older brothers so overwhelming sometimes!!!!?
Any advice for a party I'm going to?
will my ex regret it?
Anyone else married to a bi man?
Help with talking to a girl.?
What can i do? Give up and move on?
why do i feel weird around her?
ugh..I just need help please?
How to ask a girl out?
Do you guys think she has feelings for me?
Plzzzzz someone help me out :(((?
could he possibly be jealous?
How to get a Guy to Finish when Freak dancing?
What should I do? Please help?
Does this count as cheating did I cheat? Please answer?
Can someone answer my orevious question?
Help I need advice why is he doing this to me , :(?
Best friend isn't replying?
Do I have a chance with her???
Someone blocked me on Instagram?
My best friend relapsed?
What can I do with my friends today?
Why do people break up make up in a odd way Example?
I keep getting stupid crushes on guys who never notice me?
She wont make eye contact?
I self harm because of my family?!?
I'm just wondering, but how does it feel like to be high?
My sisters nudes should I tell my parents?
Should I ask her out?
How do I know if I'm still inlove with my boyfriend still ?
Can't stop thinking shes mine please help?
can anyone help with this?
How do I ask a girl for her number?
My abusive brother. Please help!?
If she knows I like her should I tell her anyway?
HELP. I look like I'm in my 20s but I'm only 14?
Is flirting like cheating?
Why is she acting weird? Girls help?
Why does she always stare at me when I'm around?
my ex laughed at me but why?
how can you tell when someone's been smoking?
Is it weird that I don't want a boyfriend?
Getting involved with my neighbor. Good or bad idea?
why would a girl say this??? HELPPPP?
How to make a girl adopt my style?
please I really need a caring person to give me input. plrase don't make me feel bad?
I don't think I'll ever be in a relationship, is this normal?
How to behave with close friends who are older than me?
How to behave with close friends who are older than me?
is it normal to love watch my gf falling asleep?
you think i should be texting her?
would you say yes or no to sex?
My boyfriend has depression but I'm not getting enough attention?
What should I do? Please help?
Moving out with no job... please give me advice..?
Girls, would you date him? He's a college professor, nerdy and looks like Chandler Tatum from Magic Mike?
Why do girls stare at me everywhere I go?
This girl knows I like her but now acts strange?
Can you only fall inlove once?
How do I ask him out?
I need girl help very important?
PLEASE HELP do you think this guy likes you?
Trust issues HELP!!!!!!!?
im worried that im aiming to high for my league in girls?
How can I ignore some of my friends ?
Girls, am I attractive?
A question for married people?
HELP PLEASE! my sis walked in on me!?
why is she ignoring me?
how do you know when your in love?
Married people, I have a question for you?
Thers this guy...he's super cute....how do I get him to like me?
gf is mad at me please help?
Scared about sex? Please help!?
My friend took great care of me.How to repay her?
does he like me? PLEASE HELP I'll answers yours?
what is he trying to convey?
My friend likes a guy that I like. What do I do?
Do you find these guys cute?
I need help with controlling guy issues?
I think my girlfriend is cheating?
Should I leave him for good? Please help.?
Seeing a guy 18 yrs older than me???!!!!?
Using friends email to there social network?
What to text your crush??
Do you think I'm pretty?
My boyfriend's mother and I hate each other. Help?
Need help letting go?
My friend and I are too alike?
Why would a guy tell his friend not to speak to you?
Why would a guy tell his friend not to speak to you?
rejecting sex? please help?
How do I get my friend to straighten out a bit?
I feel too humiliated to see my ex with his girlfriend, I don't know what to do.?
does he still miss me?!? please answer and ill answer yours?
Friends always screw me over!?
Advice for an 18 year old who wants to move out.?
Guys only? Please 10 pts?
is it a turn off to be wet?
need help about relationships!!?
How long did it take you to realize you love/are in love with someone?
The girl of my dreams has a boyfriend?
My boyfriend broke up with me because I didn't snog him. Can someone tell me how to snog?
How to deal with this b*tch?
Why is he acting like this?
What kind of girl do you like?
Why do his friends do this?
why honest guys suffer?
Is rekindling this relationship possible?
help me please?!?!?!?
I think I might have mistakenly fallen back in love with my ex?
What should i do? :(?
my accusers boyfriend kept starring at?
Why does my crush not talk to me anymore?
How can I tell if this cancer guys really is interested?
Does this girl like me or not?? Please help!!?
Is this gurl jealous of me?
Why am I confused about my family?
Why does boys hang with their friends more than their girlfriend?
What note should I leave in his desk?
Should I sleep with a married man?
What's it like to live in a homeless shelter?
Instead of \calm down!\, what would you rather hear/have happen when you're upset?
Asking sister to be MOH?
Why would a girl keep quiet when you tell her \I know you like me\ ?
If the wife does not work, do you think she should let her husband use her car when his is broken?
I accidentally got rid of one of my step-daughter's favorite stuffed animals and now she hates me!?
The guy that likes me told his friend not to speak to me?
My mom heard me say something?
My mom heard me say something?
I always feel really awkward when on top during sex..?
My mom says she hate me and wishes i would die?
My mom says she hate me and wishes i would die?
how do i find my biological father?
How do you have amazing sex?
RSVP annoyance, is this pure darn rude?
Do you think 20-21 years is too much of an age gap between two people?
How do I deal with my sister n law when she is my husbands employer?
Does my crush like me?
does it mean he wants me to go away ?
My boyfriend said something STUPID and doesn't remember. HELP?
I'm just taking a poll......Does this bother you:?
Is SEX painful? (from girls and boys perspective)?
How to tell family about wedding?
How do I convince my parents to let me get a gaming PC?
What does he mean by this?
She pays so much attention to me even though i don't think she likes me??
Is 2 months of a relationship too early to have a trust talk with your boyfriend?
So, idk if he's interested or wants to be friends?
theres a guy i like who has a girlfriend what should i do?,?
Is it true that swimming can cause you to have an erection? How come nobody is nervous?
How do I talk to this guy?
I feel left out from my friend group, what should I do?
Arkansas Laws on Dating im 18 shes 15?
What to say in reply of slut?
im starting to feel a bit better aftrr my first break up but i still cant eat....what do i do?
My dad think I'm going lesbian? WTF?
planning valentines day with boyfriend?
How does a person love you if they do this?
Is 5 guys a lot for a girl to sleep with?
Need help with a girl in highschool?
Should I ask him out?
Does this mean anything?
how to nicely get my sister out of my room?
How to talk to this girl?
I feel terrible, should I?
it feels impossible.....?
Friend, movie, cuddling HELP!?
My boyfriend's parents hate me because of my nationality any tips?
if a girl asks how does she look today what does it mean?
Am i wrong for getting mad at my boyfriend?
So we've been dating for a month and I want to have sex with this guy?
I am apparently good looking but I am also deeply insecure. How can I start believing in myself?
Do I still have a chance with her or should I move on?
I caught my teenage wearing a dress, so I am gonna make him smoke a whole carton of newports?
boy problem.i dont know what to do.help?
my sister is in foster care?
How to modify a child suppirt order?
Is there anything you wish your parents would have done differently when you were a child?
Does she like me or not?
I really need advice. I don't know waht to believe?
Need your help!! Recently split from girlfriend! Advice for what's best for us both?
My best friend is a bad word ._.?
Indecisive gf breaks up with me with the same reason for the 3rd, will she be back again?
My best friend is a bad word ._.?
How much alone time should I reasonably give my bf?
For Chrsitmas I got a $400 present from my parents that I want to return with out being rude, what should I do?
Is This a sign of interest coming from my friend?
How to tell my roommate to stop bringing her boyfriend over all night?
What can I do to make my mom happy?
any non-muslim women married to a muslim man?
Cancel on friend to go with him or tell him no?
how to nicely get my sister out of my room?
Why is she wanting me to take her friend to Prom?
How to get a guy to stop texting me?
Why do people get mad when pl say a good career is more important than a good marriage in life?
How can i get my crush to ask me out?
Is my view of marriage unhealthy or realistic?
Relationship problem?
Is Their a reason my friend is acting this way ?
10 points!!! plus I'll answer yours...Help!!! How do you know?
Why does my best friend do this? Is she being passive aggressive?
He is distant should I let him go?
question for GUYS please answer?
wife really loves me but i dont and she knows that, what to do ?
Please, please....what do I say? Help! 10 pts?
Should I been worried?
My new highschool gf might be pregnant and its not mine?
Wishes Children Make?
Help I need advice he's really confusing me?
Can i move quebec to ontario?
can i get kicked out of the appartment by the head of household?
Help!!! How do you know if he sees you as a really goodfriend and not a GF? (he's completely straight)?
heartbroken and confused?
I don't know what to think! please help?
Do you girls like when guys check you out?
Husband doesnt like me anymore?
Guys! how do you let a girl know you like her?
Are most women open to exploration?
sooo awkward situation, how can i fix it?
My dad is disappointed in me:(?
Someone help me, me and my brother never understand each other!?
Me and my boyfriend have been going through bad times and he is paying more attention to another girl now?
Losing faith in a good friend Advice needed?
what shall I do? it really hurts...?
I really love him but he's ignoring me help please?
My son's wife left and moved to another state (with their children).?
How do i know when to kiss my girlfriend?
my friend he is 14 and he is dating a 12 year old boy is this illegal?
25 year old guy and 18 year old girl dating?
My friend has completely forgot about me?
How Do I Stop Being Shy Around My Crush?
Ladies my opinion about you guys?
I saw the person I like slow dancing with someone?
Should I talk to him again?
What does letting someone stew in their own juices mean?
Does it matter to a girl that i have moderate acne?
Active duty military spouse benefits?
Does she think I'm super awkward and weird?
Been together for two months and now he's not talking to me?
I finally got what I wanted!! (problem is, I feel indifferent about it/her).?
Would you date a black girl if she was hot and have a nice personallity? If no why not?
Going on a trip with friend and his girlfriend?
How Do I Stop Being Shy Around My Crush?
Gift ideas for a 16 year old girl?
I think I'm falling for my Bestfriend's fiancé?
How should I surprise her?
Is Ranulf Fiennes the father of the two Fiennes brothers?
What's up with this guy?
Can someone help me?
My bf choose work over me. help?
What do you do about dating a guy whos breath stinks?
what's his deal!?! please help?
How can I teach my brother respect?
Does he like me or am I imagining?
What should i do? It hurts so much?
going to ill myself over this guy?
my sucidial friend's girlfriend?
How do I talk to my crush (Girls Advice!)?
Do Girls find being Good at guitar attractive?
How to get over losing a friend?
Do you agree that a husband or wifes loyalty shoud abide with their spouse.?
How to get a guys attention for he can talk to me on fb?
I can't forget him?!?
how to get rid of an annoying kid?
I'm the only one of my friends that's still a virgin?
How to get this girl of my head ?
What does this kiss mean?
How to not be a boring texter?
Guys.....what do you prefer?
So i met this guy and..?
My ex gave my stuff to his new girlfriend!? help!?
How to softy tell my best friend something bad?
Is he attractive? How old does he look?
Im 14 and i think this girl likes me?
How do I get rid of bad neighbors?
What should I do about this guy?
Is he thinking about me?
Why do girls seem so difficult to please?
wedding venue hertfordshire or perth £500?
I think I hate my bestfriend?
what should I do about this guy?
what should I do about this guy?
I ask my dad a question and he told me to fu(k off?
Need advice on how to ask a girl out. Help!?
Should I combine my daughters college graduation party with my other daughters beauty school graduation party?
what actions do you see when a guy loves you?
How To Get My Crushes Number!?
How do I know if my girlfriend loves me?
what to do and what not to do?
How to support my girl friend?
Should I wait for the girl I really like?
Moving on and letting go of the love of your life?
How can I be admitted to the hospital for a few days?
Scared to ask girls out?
How can i better communicate with my bf?
How common is lying on applications and interviews?
Where can I find the most recent divorce statistics in Canada?
Am I obsess or in love?
How do get out of this situation?
When we're together, we get on on great but he brings up my past?
i'm planning on asking my girlfriend to marry me on saturday, but i have no idea what size ring to get her?
each shift you have to compete several tests before leaving for the day it is near the end of your shift and y?
HELP will he think I'm weird?!?!?
How Do You Ask For Your Crushes Number?
help me with my asshole friends?
Friend Requesting an Ex on Facebook?
Boyfriend was texting me about sex and he asked where I wanted him to put it I said in both he said but how?
My family is very much controlling.what should i do.?
Should I Wait To Reply to his Text?
Is he just being friendly or does he like me?
does he want me in his life again! help I will help you?
How to get a really attractive guy to like you?[HELP please]?
How To Get My Crushes Number!?
Why doesn't my boyfriend want our relationship on Facebook?
My boyfriend punched a guy and I feel horrible?
HELP! IS THIS NORMAL?
I constantly fight with him about dumb crap and I think he's letting go?
Was I wrong to ask for a loan?
I need to get information on a Birth Certificate for my Step Father?
I need help making friends, FEELING LONELY?
Adding an ex as a friend on Facebook?
What can I talk to a girl about on text?
Shall I add my crush on fb?
do you think a older brother who is 21 bath with his 10 year old brother?
What do I do about my son?
Should I even try to pursue this girl anymore?
When a guy send you things like this?
what's your oppinion on people in a relationship who have friends of the opposite sex?
Girl invited me over tmro night no one home/ we are friends but she has tried to do stuff with me before ???
I see this guy all the time he is like my best friend and I know he likes me.?
Why does this guy seem to like my rebellious side more than my shy side?
I just want to get rid of my fucked up life.I want to die and rest myself in peace.?
Why do girls like to be held ?
Where Do I Go From Here?
Do you believe that your first love is the strongest?
Guys! i'm 24 (female) and in a relationship, is it possible to have friends of the opposite sex?
Should you date an ex who left you six years ago? If he claims he wants one date to explain everything?
Dream of being cheated on almost every night?
Is there any possible importance(values) of making fun of people especially friends??
How do ugly girls find love?
Boyfriend was texting me about sex and he asked where I wanted him to put it?
virgin 22 female HELP!?
What should I do if I start getting uncomfortable while making out with my girlfriend?
Why he wanted to be friends with me after he take my crush away?
Abusive husband wants to get help but I think it is too late for me?
If he calls you crazy?
Is being a virgin a turn on or turn off?
Does anyone else think that Jennifer Lawrence...?
I love this girl but I can't keep being depressed. Is this a good idea?
Is he gay/bi or just wants to be friends?
Why am i attracted to my teachers?!?
Why do girls call me their best friend?
My friend doesn't want to be catholic anymore?
Girls do you do these things to a guy you like?
Why are we both so awkward around eachother? how can we stop?
masturbation in girls first time?
Girls, what should I do?
afraid to date again? my first boyfriend was a liar and a cheater?
she said i'm her everything but she has a boyfriend,what could this mean?
I left him do you think he will come back?
Do I Come On Too Strong ?
Men - has shyness ever stopped you asking a woman out?
Does he like me? Please help me :(?
please answer! i will answer your question in depth?
Why is my family so ghetto?
READ: Does this girl like me?
I'm falling for my best friend but he is gay?
What does he want to happen by letting his wife see?
how do you tell if a guy means it when he asks you out?
Opinions Needed: Does He Like Me Or Not?
will my abuser win in court?
i think i still like my ex?
Please help what should i do?
Having a bit of trouble with my Boyfriend?
will my abuser win in court?
Guys only please: Does this guy ACTUALLY likes me or just playing? HELP! :(?
My friends changed...?
Scared of my boyfriends mom?!?
How can I be antisocial for now?
Why do people chose their ex over a new girl or guy?
Is it okay if a girl simply trims her pubic hair?
Is it okay if a girl simply trims her pubic hair?
how can you not be shy around your crush?
I have a crush on my University teacher?
Best excuses to not bring a shirt when hang out?
My housemate has moved her boyfriend in? In desperate need of advice please?
How do I build trust with my Girlfriend?
How do shy guys act around girls they like?
Why is my friend so picky?
how to tell if someone is purposely trying to make you jealous?
What should I do if I start getting uncomfortable while making out with my girlfriend?
Help me with this please? I'll answer yours!?
How to get a father figure type of ''mentor'' in your life?
My best friend hates the guy I love?
I'm so embarassed right now?!?
I love this girl but I can't keep being depressed. Is this a good idea?
Is he a shy guy or just not that into me?
Proposing at home? how shall i do it?
how do you get divorced in ohio?
is it moral/ethical for me to get a massage?
I really like her but she likes that other guy..?
NEED ADVICE NOWWW ! Read Description For How You Can Help..:?
Do you want to know how I met my dear little brother?
I really like her but she likes that other guy..?
Hott guy at gym how to approach without drama?
Why don't I feel sad and I was dumped?
Should i follow him on twitter again? Help me pls. 10pts?
My bestfriend is mad at me like really mad and i need her to forgive me please help guys i cant stop crying!?
are some girls really sadistic like this?
Should I text him again?
Is my brother right, or am I right?
Survival kit ideas for boyfriend?
Advicee???Boy trouble...?
should I send him a friend request?
My mum is so angry with me?
Does my crush like me?
Could I get her back do you think?
Plz help? 10 pts for best answer.?
I asked a girl out and she said yes but then?
Should I follow him on twitter again?
Why am I so bothered by his past ?
My friend said that people with messy hand writing are really smart and I have really messy hand writing?
Young person coming out help ??
I just met this girl. Could I like her already?
My mom doesn't respect me she say all nasty things about me, I am 25 years. how can I deal with her?
I have no idea whether I wanna date this guy.?
If a boy and girl go to the movies together, but it's not a date, should the boy still offer to pay?
how do i get 'un-friendzoned' from THE guy?
Is it possible to imagine feelings for someone?
Is my former friend a certified idiot?
I like this boy and I think he might like me?
What does he mean when he says he crazy for me?
how can i work up the courage to talk to her?
How do u feel about the age difference between u & ur spouse?
Help with Personal Issues?
why are boys paying attention to me suddenly?
why are boys paying attention to me suddenly?
I'm having trouble getting over my girlfriend's past.?
Open relationship or should I just break it off?ever been in this situation?
Should I text him again?
Is it weird to be texting a guy you met on Tinder?
does he still care about me? help pleaseeee?
Any tips on flirting?
If a perfect women is a chef+dancer with long hair and welcoming attitude, what is the perfect man?
Im 23 years old and a male, and scared to have sex? What to do?
Help please i don't know who to tell?
How can I get my boyfriend to eat me out?
How can i get to know my crush?!?!?!?
why do girls care if guys look at others so much?
i think hes going to ask me out today but idk?
what to put in a get well card for college roommate?
Guy l like asked me to work out with him what should I wear?? lol?
Tomorrow is my boyfriend 50th birthday help!!!?
What does it do to your relationship with another person when you stop criticizing them?
For a healthy relationship are we suppose to cheat?
What does it do to your relationship with another person when you stop criticizing them?
would it be right if I took my income all back even though Mom can't live without it?
I think my boyfriend is a mooch, am I letting this happen?
How do you know if he sees you as a really goodfriend and not a GF? (he's completely straight)?
Crazy situation what should i do?
love my dad but hate living with him!?
Guys why would you do this?
So i like this guy and i thought he liked me but apparently he was like this with everygirl what to do?
How do I deal with the aftermath of a break up he keeps texting?
What does it means if a Friend name in Friend list is in black font unclickable?
Girlfriend experimented twice with a girl.?
How can we prove that she loves us?
Please, please help! What do I say to him? 10 pts urgent!?
Husbands best friend and ex girl ?
I need some support on this. I'm 23 years old and i moved out of my mom's house. was that right?
girls, would skinny jeans look good on a hairy guy?
He was interested but now he isn't?
PLEASE help on this brother issue?
Random question: How do/would you react to a compliment from your crush?
Does this mean anything?
Please help ==anyone good at match making?
how do you know if a guy likes you?
how can I get her alone?
i really like this guy but can't tell if he likes me back?!?
Grand parents never washes their hands after using the toilet?
Help with moving on from a break up?
I tryred to get a date changed on my tickets wiv turkish air lines they said I cant?
My twin brother's best friend told me he was in love with me?
Am I the child's father?
Im bored so bored i have a question for young perverts?
Do I still receive back child support if a parent dies?
Should i move on from him??
Would an older girl go for a younger guy ?
It's my birthday and..?
Do Gemini girls like hugs and are they affectionate?
What do I do when I have became the backup plan HELP?
when a guy says he's doesn't trust himself with you what does that mean?
What do I do when I have became the backup plan HELP?
Does he like me? how can I get him to tell me?
Trying To Date This Girl, Is My Cover Blown?
Would you give this guy a chance?
What advice can I give my friend to help him get a girlfriend?
Listen to my head or my heart?
How do i talk to my Crush?
Help ! Pissed my boyfriend off, don't know what to do.?
First date! What should I do and wear?
Women born on 4 October have excessive jealousy? melancholic and sensitive?? is it true?
theres these two girls i want to \stalk\ these girls is this weird?
Um I forget how to relationship?
How to explain that I want to be a virgin until marriage to a boyfriend?
PLEASE: There is a MUSLIM girl in my class that I like - would it be weird if I wrote her this love message?
Should I text him? It's been a week since we last talked!?
How do you know if he sees you as a bestie and not a GF? (he's completely straight)?
Does marriage ends loneliness?
I have finally decided to divorce my wife after a roller coaster 5 years?
What can I do with my girlfriend while making out WITHOUT doing anything sexual?
My husband had me arrested for slapping him?
Why do i feel i should have never became a mother?
Is it right that my mum has a new boyfriend who is 6 years older than me?
Caught in a rumor situation..?
All I ever think about is my parents dying?
Advantages of being married?
Asian Guy can't find dates??
Wife is dominate in bed?
Please help! easy 10 points:D?
Is It Alright For Me to Text Him?
How do I get her to text back?
What can three 15 year old dudes do together in the weekend?
What does it mean when a guy asks you to meet him for drinks?
is nicknames just for kids?
I'm lonely but I push girls away?
I need advice regarding women!?
i need film producer who does explicit films?
Why do I always fall in love with the same type of person?
Can I send a text with a number I created and send it to my boyfriend?
What should I do if I have second thoughts?
Why does my friend act like this around other guys?
I need some help with wedding songs?
Younger boy asks friend for my number, but I'm shy. How do I form a solid friendship?
Best way to impress a girl/get you best friend to fall for you?
My mom is heir to everything when my dad passed away.....?
What does this mean?
My husband only wants to have sex on his terms?
What Going On? Help Me Clear Stuff Up?
DOes this sound like I should get tested for HIV ?
Is this fair? My grandmother want me to give my sister my computer because, i got a new one for Chistmas, but?
do I still have a place in his heart?
I met my boyfriend online?
How to make friends when you have none?
should a girl know about football?
What are theses floating things in front of my eyes?
How to stay with my fiancé despite our differences?
how much and when is it to step back in helping a friend?
Is there anyway to send a single rose?
Why does he act WEIRD when we hang out? Should I ask him if he still wants to be friends?
Why does he act WEIRD when we hang out? Should I ask him if he still wants to be friends?
My crush is sitting next to me! Quick what should I say?
WANT TO ADD FRIENDS ON FB!?
How can I make her like me?
if u were going to get marry , would u sign a prenup agreement, if your partner ask u? are u willing to asked?
Ex's BF works at only gym on campus?
How would you describe your dream man or woman?
Family and Relationships: Does going 3rd base in bed hurt?
Could he be interested?
Is this what love is?
how to get your 'sort of boyfriend' to stop flirting with other girls? and out in effort to keep me?
what do you like doing on a friday night?
how to make college fun?
do I still have a place in his heart?
does he like me ?//////?
She's so much into make-ups, how can I make her realise that I hate make-ups without offending her?
When it comes to dating, do you have a preference for what type of race you date?
Should I give her soace?
How do i tell my best friend???????
Please help me! what should i do?! #BfProblems?
Why do women try to hard for to get someones eles man attention?.?
So im gonna hang out with a girl i like today...?
Although he uses me for sex, could he LIKE me? :(?
A person is as faithful as his/her choices. Do you agree?
CPS issues. Moving. HELP!?
How to dismember a doll without anybody finding out.?
Should I kiss my celebrity crush?
how to report emotional abuse?
How to attract someone's attention?
Does a wise man buy a cow if he is getting his milk free?
my friend is really stressed?
A guy asked me out and I don't really like him?
Should I text her again?
What if you always had to ask your boyfriend to call you?
Why some people do not believe in God?
Am I wrong to think guys shouldn't like me?
Have you ever grown apart from a friend... because of another friend that caused problems?
Is there something or just being nice?
GUYS why hasn't he asked to hang again?
I'm in college, lack motivation, considering a mentor?
Booked my abortion consultancy for Saturday then the procedure will be carried out 5-7 days after!?
how do I get him to know with out telling him?
what would you do if it were you?
How to get a guy to stop wanting to date you but remain your friend?
Boyfriend of 6 months says he isnt head over heels for me? Should I break up with him?
How should I give my sweatshirt to my girlfriend?
Please Help, My Mom Calls Me A Whore?
Was it worth the break-up?
help please its very urgent?
Girls is she attracted and loves but too shy?
How to get a guy to notice me more?
Please help I is he a perv?
My best friend is ignoring me?
Online long distance relationship. plz plz answer me i need help. my whole life is on stake?
A friend made an anonymous account and backstabbed us?
what do you call cheating?
it has almost been a month without her and I cant take her off my mind, please help?
I dont want my mom to get a boyfriend. What should I do?
How to chose the right wedding photographer?
How would start this conversation?
Which place is better for Buying a Wedding Dress?
please help!? Special needs guy asked for my number? Did I do the right thing?
I screwed up, please help?
How do you get over peer pressure?
My girlfriend kissed her ex what should I do !?
How long does it take to develop feelings for a girl?
love advice.. Please?
What to do when your close friends best friend is jealous of your relationship?
People keep telling lies to my boyfriend about me?
Still not 100% sure if im in love or its a crush?!!!?
Did everything happen for a reason and am I stupid for doing it for love?
why do only ugly girls like me and how do i get pretty ones to like me?
Since 2007 I am not looking for women for marriage, because I married!!! - B. Savaneli?
would you count this as cheating?
I love feet and need some feet now?
Was this guy flirting or just being nice?
I am furious at my fiance! Help!!?
Boyfriend sex issues?
Why we care for our clthes?
How common is this? Is it legal?
if a parent doesnt pay child support in the state of maryland what happens?
Why does it feel like my parents dont care how i feel?
Can this guy and I possibly be friends with benefits?
My dad won't stop spending money; what can I do?
How to break a 3month relationship up nicely?
Was I sexually abused?
Want a girlfriend for a while?
Why Is My Crush Avoiding Me, Saying Stuff Where She Cannot See Me?
This Celeb Friend is Ignoring me All the Sudden help 10pts?
I believe he's lying,help me?
How can I get my ex back when she's with somebody else?
what will you do if you're in my position?
What kind of things can I do to keep my man without becoming his personal slave?
How do i know if shes not talking to somebody or falling for someone already after she said she need time ?
does he still have feelings for me?
Boy Drama, please help!?
So these 2 girls who I thought were my friends said to my best friend they didn't like me!!?
How do you boys feel when you..''get it in'' with a girl?
My girlfriend and her behaviour?
I thing one of my best friends like my girlfriend?
Do I have to share custody with my ex- husband? Can he legally claim all six children on his taxes?
Why is my ex acting like this?
We havent talked in 5 days,are we over..?
what does this guy mean?
My teacher wants sex?
First kiss ever need advice?
So there is this girl I want to talk to her but every time I look at her she makes me blush. Tips?
Is there any girl who loves me unconditionally..??? I need true love..?
What percentage of American women btween the age of 30 & 40 identify themselves as single?
Do girls think that they have physical flaws?
Is it possible too be in love with someone after a week?
What percentage of American women btween the age of 30 & 40 identify themselves as single?
I have 4 simple questions(10 points for complete answer)?
Are Interracial marriages acceptable? (I just read about what Tamera Mowry and her husband went through)?
husband cheating and will he ever stop?
ideas on how to make my relationship fun?
Should one reconnect 7 year old relationship?
How to explain to my little brother why men have nipples?
how to date a famous musician?
Teacher doesn't believe how I got my injuries?
I'm in 7th grade and I like really like a guy in eighth and.....?
Does she love me and attracted?
Is there a chance we get together? REALLY CONFUSED!?
My girlfriend dumped me because I like to wear assless chaps while I'm at home...why?
Is my friend fake help?
How To Get My Crushes Number?
How to respond when a girl tells a joke?
why do people make such a big deal out of herpes?
Should I message her the day before our date?
How to get my friend to stop being embarrassing?
Should I be worried about her? NEED YOUR ADVICE?
he insulted my love for another guy?
So confused about this boy, help?
Why don't I feel pleasure from kissing?
What's it mean if a guy keeps looking at you?
why is he saying this is unforgivable?
How can I talk to my dad about birth control?
I used to be really close to him but now...?
Anyone who has never had a relationship?
What could my girlfriend possibly see in me?
Should i text her? Need Help!?
Is she in love with me? or am I just imagining things?
How do I breakup with a tranny?
We weren't dating, had sex, now he wants to just be friends?
What body part do girls love most in men?
About my Ex boyfriend. Need some advice.?
Why would a guy say this? is he insulting me?
what does this mean when a guy says this.....?
Present for my girlfriend , help ?
If a guy tells you he's dating you, but tells others he has no girlfriend?
What Should I do, I just found out my wife cheated on me after only a month being married.?
How to really make my boyfriend happy on his birthday?
GUYS would you do such a thing?
am I doing justice to my wife and family?
My dog was humping my girlfriends leg but she liked it...WTF isn't that cheating?
I am a girl in love with my best friend? Please read.?
Is a gym nice place to get dates in India.?
Please answer! Is he not into me?
Will my daughter be able to stay in parochial school after our divorce?
how to please my man?
how do i get my crush to be closer with me?
Me and this girl had 'something' but it was cut short when i had to move away, what should i do?
Men are more aggressive than girls?
is she really my best friend?
I'm jealous of this pretty, smart, and rich girl?
Someone answer, asked before and received no answers?
will this affair lead to a life long relationship?
I fancy my best friend but my other best friend likes him to... Help?
About my Ex, please read. Id appreciate feedback, sorta long but meaningful?
I don't have many friends any advice?
Why do pretty girls have pretty friends?
How To Get My Crushes Number?
What does this mean. does she like me?
Urgh, help with crush please?
We're going on our second date. Is he trying to make a move?
Female friendships!!?
Before 3 days I ask that any guy help me which type of bra I use as I am a guy.but there are no proper ans.?
Poll: Would you keep feeding a stray dog if U know hes just gonna crap on your lawn?
ex bf keeps texting my gf?
Ex Controlling idk..?
I keep having these moments where I'm about to die?
GUYS would you do this?
Is this creepy at all?
Could my dad be dying?
Why has my fiancé just left me with no reason?
My boyfriend of 6 months says he isnt head over heels for me...should I dump him?
I need some good advice?
What does it mean when a guy calls you \Beautiful\?
My best friend replaced me..?
why my girlfriend told me she had a dream making out with my young brother?
why did my guy friend do so to me?
Armenia men ashamed of having A black Girlfriend?
How do I get her out of my mind?
Boyfriend comes back today? :O?
My girlfriend is on the verge of breaking up with me. What can I do to save my relationship?
What would you do in my situation?
What do you think about under 18s visiting prisons?
If you're mom took away your phone, playstation n said no tv allowed, what should i do?
did i take it to far?
how do i get over someone i loved and told me he wants to marry me someday, im 44 yrs old and i was sure i fo?
i need a piece of advice??
We're going on our second date. What should I know?
Do you believe that if a wife is not in the mood for sex, then the husband has a right to cheat on her?
please answer this question, would you appreciate a book written for you?
how long do women take to calm down after arguing with ex?
Wife freaking out over some of our son's pictures?
Open marriages do they work? Is there really NO jealousy?
I have a huge crush on my neighbor?
Am I tight? Im not really sure. I'm a virgin.?
ladies be honest,A panty relationship.?
I lose my confidence after 4 months into a relationship. What do I do?
should I tell my friend about my girl crush person?
Why did he look at me like that, I sort of rejected him...?
Does this scenario seem weird at all?
Advice on travelling to America where my girlfriend lives?
Why does he keep watching me. Is he interested?
Ex-Roommates? Mainly trying to just vent?
legal age limit to be engaged?
Relationship: Are we getting eloped?
Overprotective parents?
What do you think of my sister after what she did?
What is this feeling?
Is an open relationship worth it?
DOES HE LIKE ME HELP PLZ!!!?
i am infatuated to a coworker but she is indifferent about my feelings,HELP?
what should i do now?
Is it stupid being sad about some guy that disappeared 2 months into the relationship?
dealing with a break up after 2 years.. help?
I'm worried about class today?
I feel stupid for liking him so easily when i barely know him?
Does she still like me?
Is he Jealous Of This Friend?
Help, I pissed my crush off!?
GUYS! Would you date a girl as crazy as this?
confusion in predicting what is going around me?
What next step when have an idea?
Why did i not hear from him for a week?
Need Relationship Advice?
I hooked up with a guy and now he's telling all his friends! Plz help 10 points?
confusion in predicting what is going around me?
I hooked up with a guy and now he's telling all his friends! Plz help 10 points?
BOYS: would you appreciate such friendship and such a friend?
He's stopped talking! Why??:( I will answer yours ??
how can i get a girlfriend!?
me and my bf won't stop fighting! :(?
Why do I feel werid showing skin!?!?
Why is it that girls think they have to be out of the kitchen or bedroom?
When is a couple considered exclusive?
They See Him MORE than us?
Are we supposed to report everyday's activities each other?
I hooked up with a guy and now he's telling all his friends! Plz help 10 points?
Don't know if I should admit to liking fat girls?
Girls, how do you make guys jealous?
Is there a chance we will get together?
I hurt my ex girlfriend 14 years ago, can I say \Sorry\ to her now? I am feeling guilty.?
When you moved in with your husband or wife did u ever worry about pooping in the toilet while theyre around?
who is supposed to text first?
Why do I think it is funny when people get cheated on?
interested our just being polite and friendly?
DOES HE DESERVE A CHANCE!?
Texting a guy you've recently met...?
Why did this guy call me manipulative?
how can i bring my grandmother from mexico when their is a serious emergency?
my gf is mad at me and is ignoring me help asap?
my boyfriend is beginnig to accuse me of playing him. i never even thought about hooking up with anyone but hi?
confused abt feelings?
How to go on when all the hope is gone and all the doors are shut?
lasting relationship from an affair?
I've been ignoring my boyfriend because i don't know how to break up with him?
is she interested or playing with my head?
is it worth it to keep a friendship if all you want to do most of the time is yell at the other?
Am I doing alright with her? on snap chat?
Is she playing me along now?
my heart is broken because im not accepted at work?
I want to tell my boyfriend about ex. Should I?
what do i tell my roommate?
This guy told me he doesn't like me anymore?
Can fb lead to troubles!!!!?
will i ever get my exhusband back?
How do I overcome guilt from an affair?
Do boys only like me because I'm new to school?
My ex-bf is in love with someone and is still in touch with me. And he knows that I am still in love with him.?
confusion in predicting what is going around me?
Does he seem like a guy w/ good intentions looking for a serious relationship?
How do i know if she loves me ..?
if a girl rejects u and then stares at u then what does it mean?
I have a small penis...What should I do?
My crush has boyfriend?
Scared of sex? Long question, mature answers only?
My new girlfriend wants to break up in two years, should I stay?
What do i do now.....I need advice ASAP??
Can someone help me with this question is a serious one :(?
What I supposed to do with my friend?
Help guys? Love saga continues?
Y do I get so mean friends?
How to get over what happened? Mature answers only please?
Should I leave my husband?
BOYS does this make you horny?
bizarre breakup behavior?
can't get out of this love trap!? life sucks now!?
10 in 1 question plzz answer them all?
How can i talk to my long distance boyfriend about our future?
How can I learn the love language of physical touch?
What should I do to stop me and my girlfriend fighting?
my roommate moved in his girlfriend without asking..?
my boyfriend hurts me so much!?
why does he masterbate and not let me do oral?
Question for the girls?
how can i make my boyfriend love me again?
Would a guy still do this if he lost interest?
I like a girl I can't stop thinking about her but I'm really shy and awkward?
Do girls like to have a handsome and rich boyfriend?
How to stop being jealous? what to do?
please solve this one friends?
any signs tell difference between a girl in love or just being nice ??
well the girl I have been dating for a little over a month has told me I worry too much what should I do?
Why do people on dating sites act weird =|?
Friend hasn't been in contact since a recent bad break up what to do?
I am confused about a friend?
Is she interested in me?
Can two different persons be together and be happy?
heeelp please!my ex's new girl is giving me hard time?
Why if a younger guy has a crush on you, he is considered \cute\?
I need ideas help please with wedding. ..?
Should I try to move on?
I think my boyfriend is cheating on me. help!!!?
did i react to harshly?
Please help me? I'm so confused by him?
How to stop being jealous? what to do?
avoiding a girl that likes you consequences??
Maybe he changed his mind? or is ignoring me?
How to not be a boring texter?
relationship ordeals?
Should I just give up on my love life ? And how should I ?
How do you know of your attractive ? (Girl)?
I love him but his 2 best friends love me?
Concerned about 13 year old daughter who wants to start dating.?
I love her but she has bf?
Is it wrong that I want to be single forever ?
How to stop my mom from always having something to say about my relationship?
How to let my Job's residents help in my wedding?
Do I have to talk to my crush everyday to keep her interested?
are we spendin too much time together?
My boyfriend stood me up. Kinda being shady. Advice?
is it weird to be a virgin at 32?
Is she losing interest?
Are girls checking me out or Laughing at me?
I'M IN LOVE WITH MY ASSISTANT PRINCIPAL. HELP ME!!!!?
How can I control my anger ?
what to wear for casual auto show date?
Which girls like nerd type?
my husband is feeling down lately, how can help cheer him up!?
Everyone thinks my sister is hot/good at everything?
Would it help my wife if I rang a bell when I wake up so she knows its time to start making my breakfast?
Family member deleted me from Facebook! Do you confront them or forget it?
Um, I can't have a date to prom...what do I do?
My crush has boyfriend?
dry humping my boyfriend?
Where will i find these girls?
a question for guys: do you guys daydream about girls?
My ex-girlfriend wants talk a lot in person and asked if I would ask her out again if I knew she'd date me?
what does a silent treatment that lasts for a month and a half mean?
Is it true that since I'm built small, sex will \destroy me\ down there?
What to do? Love hurts you know.?
I still like my ex boyfriend?
Should I have made out with him last night?
How bad is prison really?
How do I be a nicer person? Plz nice people answer.?
I've only had one O with my girlfriend after approximately 10 times...?
What should I do? I'm out of answers... NO NEGATIVE COMMENTS PLEASE!!!!!?
would you congratulate a friend on?
How should I introduce myself to this girl?
why a lot of women enjoy making the guy they like jealous?
Turned down when I told him I loved him? Any help would be wonderful!?
Is he flirting with me?
Is this a bad move to make on her?
My friend's little brother calls me fat.?
Backup bridesmaid?! Is this even acceptable?!?
Girls can u please answer this?
flirting on Twitter!?
How do you know if someone stops loving you?
flirting on Twitter!?
How do you know if someone stops loving you?
He mostly ignores me in person?
A. Married man felt me and kissed my neck what does this mean for his marriage?
Why can't I forgive my best friend for what happened in primary school?
He hurt me but I still want him?!?
My ex-girlfriend asked me if I would ask her out again if I knew she'd date me again?
How do you know if a guy likes you?
When a guy asks a girl if she's ok ALOT does he care about her?
Why can't I ejaculate while having sex with my girlfriend?
What does this mean ?
What's a good present to get a guy?
Should i end it with my boyfriend?
how does a guy flirt if he is shy?
Too self-conscious in the bedroom, what to do?
How do open relationships work? Tips and advice?
How can i tell if a girl likes me?
Why do I fel this way around my boyfriend and how can I make it stop?
Does my bf have high standards?
Is this cheating???????????????????????????????????
Feel depressed, lonely and on occasion suicidal thoughts stsrt to sound like a good idea?
youg folks 25 & below.?
What do I do now..this is really urgent!!!!!?
How should I start snapchatting her?
have you ever found a girl with crooked gapped teeth attractive.?
Was I Wrong to Hit My Daughter?
I need help with a girl?
Is there a law in Arkansas that says my daughter (12) and my boyfriends son (7) can't share a room?
Children come first right, soooo.....?
How does a threesome work exactly? (2 girls 1 guy)?
Why can't I live for myself anymore?
Should i move on? Should i marry someone else?
Why do people use this site so much when it clearly makes them depressed?
Should I stay or go?!?
is this a good drawimg? o_o?
Which is the best dating site in 2014?
(Guys preferred) What thoughts go through your mind when a girl you barely know...?
Which way is quicker at getting over someone?
Do you think he is convinced that I am not gonna change my mind about sex?
Can't get a girl out of my head but its a bit more complicated than the usual...?
why is it that most white girls prefer guys with light skin color than tan or brown?
My divorce is final in March and I can start the name change process. Where do I start? SSN or License?
To be taxi or not to be??? please help.?
Was he flirting with me?
Is this right to you? I need your advice?
Would a guy ask me how I am if he only thinks of me as a friend?
My Friend whats me to ask this question for him ?
Kepping dating alive (guys please answer)?
What would you do in this situation?
I have a fear of getting too close to a guy as friends?
I have a fear of getting too close to a guy as friends?
What should I do now...?
can a 16 year old have sex with a 22 year old man in the uk?
Should I Help my Girlfriend Out With Chores?
if a boyfriend tries to take you away from your friends is that bad?
My dad forgot my birthday?
I truly believe I'm incapable of getting a girlfriend. Why?
My crush is leaving off island in a couple months...?
Please give a good idea for takeaway gifts for wedding guests?
How do i come out of this mental state and love him more?please help 10 points?
Is Hilary Duff Officialy Single?: Yes Or No?
How do i improve my tolerance and come out of this mental state?10 points?
lAny men out there not having a father relationship with kids because of the ex?
Was it right for my husband to write a will w/out my consent for guardianship of our children?
Can someone give me advice please, im so confuse about this guy?
What does 'very hot' mean?
Should i move on? Should i marry someone else?
meeting my boyfriend for the first time!!?
Ex-girlfriend attending same college as myself?
Is it ok for a 13 year old boy to like a 15 year old girl?
Is he attracted to me?!?
i love a guy who also feel something for me but i can see his interest. pls what should do to bring him close?
Don't know what I can do to make my sister stop?
Girls--What will you think of a guy if he Kisses you like this?
should I talk to her about how I feel? EASY 10 POINTS?
Do girls like guys with muscular arms?
Why do i find it so hard to talk to people?
Why does this guy act so weird, and what should I do?
should i break up with my girlfriend?
Giving the gf some space. Women answer please?
What do you do if your cyber friend is being weird expecting you to chat with them every single day?
i hav her number but not know her exact location can u tell me her location her mobile number?
Why can't I stop thinking about him?
What should i do to be friends again?
I broke up with my boyfriend but IM very upset?
How can I fix this situation?
should I talk to her about how I feel? EASY 10 POINTS?
why did she allow me to be hurt?
I love this girl in my class... but she has a boyfriend?
Do I still have a shot at this girl?
Find Katherine ofori?
How to see any women naked.?
Got shut down when I told him I loved him? Would really appreciate some help?
She booked a trip here after meeting her online 3 days later?
Why is he saying he would find me another man to replace him?please need help:/?
Did you know there are places where women rule and men are all servants lol?
guy going out with a girl who has mostly guy friends?
should i break up with him or just tell him to mend his ways?
Long Distance Relationship. Should I stick with him or let him go? Am I going to find a better guy?
have you ever been in relationalship with a black man?why?
have you ever been in relationalship with a black man?why?
My boyfriend is always online on whatsapp but we dont talk that often?
Going out with friend on double date when friend is not honest with his date?
what i do with my ex , is he using me ?
Do you love pewdiepie?
Is it strange to be a virgin at 30?
My dad used to hit me and hit my mom in the process?
How should I ask him to meet again?
Why do girls do this to me?
I'm confused... weird situation...?
How do i prepare for sex with my boyfriend?
Worried about somebody!cant sleep eat?
where did you spend your honeymoon?+ default answer?
Guys:How many rejections did you take before you got a date in India?
How do you start a conversation everyday?
How many want a working lady as wife?
ive been with my girlfriend about 2 yrs shes 17 and a half im 20 one thing shes never been to my house got to?
Is it healthy to masturbate?
Guys:Is dating hard in India?
Why do beautiful women love bad men?
BF just had a baby with his ex...?
guy trouble, mixed feelings?
where i get honeymoon gift?
Is it bad that I don't want to love a girl?
Everyone is teasing me, how do I make it stop?
How to ask a lacrosse player to tolo?
idk if I should leave or not? 10 pts to best advice?
WHAT CAUSES THIS KINDA BEHAVIOUR?
my father has vitiligo...in his family circle his uncle also has vitiligo...so will i get it? hw to avoid it?
what does this guy mean?
Girlfriend Does Everything For Me?
I feel utterly useless?
does she like me? should i ask her out?
which type kiss lady too much like?
Why does every guy lose any possible interest when they find out my age? WILL ANSWER YOURS?
Are we taking a break or are we done for good?
I need to know if she likes me.?
Girls:How does it feel to be stared at so much?
is this just Crazy to think : Ex & Relationship?
Can you meet anyone good doing online dating?
Girl problems and i really need help?
I just want the truth. Please help? what would you do?
My boyfriend verbally abuses me on a daily basis?
[I really need HELP.] I am losing faith in myself!!!?
I am Black, a lot of people think I only like white girls, Do I only like white ?
What to is the best gift for a date?
What are signs that one of your boyfriend's friends likes you?
Have you ever crushed on a buddy's girlfriend?
Honstly, married people ever cheated on ur partner while u are married? if no is it fine with you to do it?
What to do about my job?
What to do about my job?
Why do people and mostly women hate fat men while fat girls do not have problems getting a date?
So Now I Dont Know What To Do now she said its impossible?
do white girls like guys when they fight?
are you single still REALLY?
hello people, can u tell us about ur age and what is the range of sex partner you agree to have sex with u?
Would you date with false tooth woman ? How can I tell my boyfriend ?
What to do about my job?
Why do people say \enjoy life\ to 12/13yr olds in a relationship...?
hello friends my name i need your opinion?
Signs a guy likes me?
URGENT PLEASE HELP , NEED ADVICE GF's Parents dont want me?
why is my Uncle always so mean and rude to me?? (please answer)?
How can I touch it.............?
Girls:How does it feel to be stared at so much?
Was this girl jealous?
Indecisive gf broke up with me over the same reason, will she be back again?
ever tried one night stand? how many times ? :)?
Why do men get upset when their girlfriends want to use sex toys?
How should I get my boyfriend to kiss me??
my boyfriend and best friend talk alot?HELP!!:(?
why did my friends stop talking to me after they found out that i am mentally ill?
What does it mean when a girl wants to have sex with you?
Girls, have u ever had sex with another girl? if no would you like to do it even if uare stright?
Guys- how do you feel when a girl is abused?
Video for a girl I'm in love with (10 pts)?
Ex Boyfriend wondering?
What do I do? I'm honestly so confused...?
Best Way For A Guy To Approach A Lady At A Bar?
Why does he do this?
Does she want me as a friend of something more?
how do i get over him?
she wont reply and i give up. now im angry all the time?
how to get over a guy?
I saw my sister nude...?
Should I make a move? I think she's interested...?
Everything upsets me?
will i ever find a girl who likes me and is similar to me?
Guys only plz...... (Sorry girls)?
why do guys call me their girlfriend.?
Is It Most Likely I Have A Bad Personality?
Is Lily Collins The Most Beautiful Single Girl In The World?
Father tried to choke me?
How do I repay my dad?
Why does my guy friend stare at me alot?
Does this mean anything?
Calling my \bestfriend\ out on Facebook?
if i dont want the divorce i filed for can my husband contest that and divorce me now.?
Why do I keep getting rejected (pics)?
Need Housing for teens?
How do you ask out an 23 year old part time waitress who jumps from guy to guy?
Is it bad to be still friends with someone after you told ur bf otherwise?
describe love in your own way?
will i ever find a women?
got followed 3 times in two months?
Does she love me as a friend or something more?
Can we love a person older than us?
Should I avoid my female friends.?
When someone tells you you mean the world to them what does that mean to you?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY EVERYONE IN THE ENTIRE WORLD!?
Is it weird that we find people to date over internet sites?
A friend ask me a qustion. help me to give him answer!?
Husband cheated? Admits it during sex.?
I had a little chat with my ex. does it mean anything?
plz help... Im a burden to my boyfriend!?
What do you consider wifey/hubby type in 2014?
Is relationship anxiety normal? How to deal with it?
please read, my wrestler boyfriend wants aggressive sex, I've never been aggressive before?
Bad at conversing with women...?
Broke up but parents won't allow us to get back together?
Am I his girlfriend or not?
should I still be friends with my friend?
How do I tell my girlfriend that I don't like her wearing a g-string?
What to do if she says yes?
Did he mean this is real love or sister love?
Get the passion back part 2?
My Family hates me because I MOVED out... :(?
was I actually sexually abused or not?
Help! This is guy being total jerk or what? I don't know what to do!?
I lied to my parents about how I met my boyfriend now I'm worried?
Why do woman get mad at men and do the same thing?
i'm a virgin...how bad is it guna hurt?
Why is my guy friend freaking me out?
How long after exchanging numbers do you wait to text/call her?
My boyfriend can't finish once he pulls out?
What's my next move?
Why am I so untalkative?
I have great friends but..?
My cousin and her friend stole and got caught?
My crush got me dazed and confused?
I have a problem with Lisa. She says that I hit her?
How to deal with a girl who keeps seeking attention?
Is CALLING SOMEONE BOO A FLIRTY WORD???
how can i get a girlfriend!?
Why do guys get overly pushy to go out with girls that don't seem interested?
what can i do to win her?
Is my boyfriend jealous and scared I'll leave him?
Is It Most Likely I Have A Lame Personality?
What's my next move?
How do I stop being friends with her?
she wont reply and i give up. now im angry all the time?
URGENT PLEASE HELP , Girlfriends parents dont want us together need advice.?
Boyfriend lying about porn?
what does she mean by that?
What does true love feel like?
Why are my parents so inconsistent with me watching R/MA stuff?
how can I get my advice tumblr out there?
How to make out if it's both of our first times?
Am I being a brat or spoiled?
Ladies of Yahoo Answers! - Does she like me? Because I really like her!!!?
I forgot to wish my best friend on her birthday. how do I make up to her?
Emergency situation - what should the partner help with?
Girl hugs? Why are they like this?
Should I make a move? I think she's interested? Help?
Girlfriend mad after play fighting?
GUYS why hasn't he asked to hangout?
Why did he call me if he's unsure about me?
How to cheer bf up after being sick?
ATTENTION GUYS! What do YOU like when looking for a cuddle buddy??
I feel mean but I'm also being turned against?
Guy acting weird............please help ?
How do i tell him he's hurting me? Please help it's short..?
what's your biggest fanasy?
I really hurt my boyfriends feelings, how can I make it better?
Why did he call me if he's unsure about me?
When guy's say \maybe\ what does it mean?
why do so many people not only in the united states but the entire world file for divorce/separation?
Question for guys about sex?
How do i tell him he's hurting me?
how to dail with this old cush embarrassing situation? Help please?
My friend said i look like a transexual?
Ladies, have you ever gone out with a guy just for the free meal, drinks, movie, or whatever else?
Do i have a chance with this girl?
Are Indian women most promiscuous in the world?
Why does my boyfriend keep asking to do it without a condom?
Need advice on how not to be emotional?
I need help with this?
Sex with my boyfriend, will this work?
How to get used to being alone?
How should I try and ask her out?
Uncontrollable desire to kiss him, but I have a boyfriend! Help!!!?
How do I get my coworkers to respect me more?
What do guys look for in girls?
Guys: would you be offended if a girl said this to you?
Im confused??!why does he believe what he heard?
Ladies, what would you do if a nerdy, shy guy approached you in a suit, gave you flowers...?
Why is my boyfriend so distant?
Do you have anything to say about this?
I have no friends :(?
Girls please help me out!?
How to keep things from getting awkward with a girl?
Where do you go from here? Being turned down.?
I love her so much I left her because she was cheating. I told her I didnt love her. I hope she knows that.?
what in the world does she mean?
Told him I loved him and got shut down? Would really appreciate some advice?
im told a certain girl likes me, but she never shows it?
How to get to know my gym crush?
Paying girls after one night stands: Is it offensive?
what to do kundli is not match but i love with him,please help.?
This is to both women & men . my bf continously finds me guilty for having innocent conversation w/guys?
Need some crazy date ideas?
Sorry about the long detail!?
What do you think love is? guys and girls?
I want to improve my relationship.?
Are all men the same?
Ladies, have you ever dated a guy and you had stronger legs than him?
Meeting my boyfriends sisters for the first time?
girlfriend going to prom with sister not me?
i gave every thing to my lover .but she not giving what i am asking . every time she is saying no what to do?
remembering childhood friends URGENT?
Which sounds best for a baby photography business?
What are some subtle things that girls do that turn guys on?
How long should I give this guy to think about whether or not we can be together?
I don't know what to do :(?
Is it wrong/weird/ bad for an 18 year old to date a 32 year old?
my boyfriend cheated on me, what should i do?
Women's Prospective: Should I ask this girl out?
Guys and texting after first date?
Would a 16 yr old guy never be interested in a 14 yr old girl?
what i do with my ex :O should i leave him?
He cares about me but doesnt much like me caring about him?
How do I proceed from here?
I am struggling with my decision to divorce....?
Am I considered a hard person?
He love me, he love me not? He left me, he left me not? He blocked me, he blocked me not?
She broke it off 2x now 3 because she's indecisive?
What do you do when a girl cries ?
Am I weird cuz I watch porn sometimes ... I'm 15 and a girl ???
Am i wrong for doing this to my boyfriend?
I'm confused... am i in love?
Is it weird for a guy not to have a girlfriend at 15?
my gf will not put out?
she turned me down but I still love her! help?
Expressing his feelings while he is drunk?
My girlfriend is mad at me for making fun of my friend I already said sorry to him and her?
He cheated. I broke up with him. he wants nohing to do with me?
I think he likes me but I'm not sure?
What's Cute To Do For A Girl?
Why do you look at someone in class?
Female college student.. Needs a mans help right now...?
How to act when I'm the backup plan?
Do women find it attractive when guys know how to use tools around the house?
I recently tried anal sex. have you done it? share your experiences?
I never talked to this girl?
I recently tried anal sex. have you done it? share your experiences?
Why does my boyfriend always ask me this?
Ok so this is a question for all you guys out there... Why do guys have dirty thoughts? (Girls may answer too)?
my boyfriend broke up with me 3 months ago. i live in his basement apt so iam moving at the end of the month,?
How can i meet chloe mortez ?
Would you end your marriage if your husband wasn't interested in sex?
How to make GUY friends?
Do you think she is still friends with me?
Is it that bad , giving a friendly touch to a girl?
Should Give or take in relationships be balanced and how?
my gf broke up with me after seven years. why?
My dad is being a dictator?
my ex blocked me from her life and i still want her back?
Why won't my boyfriend touch my boobs when we're making out?
Are guys intimidated by me?
Need help getting girlfriend back?
How do I make him jealous?
My ex is acting weird why tho? Shes the one who broke up with me?
Would you be insulted if?
I am 41 years old and I can't get it up?
Is this girl playing me? lost interest?
Do girls prefer it a guy circumcized or not?
Have you found that marriage counseling helps a great deal?
How to approach girls without getting rejected?
help please!?!? boyfriend problems!!!!?
is it okay for an 18 year old girl to date an 32 year old man?
Who is in the wrong. Is she being out of line?
How to meet people in a new city?
Whats up with this situation?
Why does my FWB only hit me up when HE wants to?!?
How to meet people in a new city?
Girls: Can you help me?
What does this mean about my boyfriend?
Are all guys like this or is it my problem?
Am i too good of a person?
how can i get over being extreamly shy?
Should we renew our wedding vowels?
What do you think about getting back with an ex?
Where are the good guys?
I need to get present for my dad?
How do I fix this? I didn't wake up for her....?
somewhat confused I don't know?
Should I be offended?
Do you think he loves me? What should I do?
I miss my best friend I am lonely?
how can i make friends?
How to talk to someone u like?
How do I break out of a sexless marriage?
is it normal to have girl crushes?
how can I keep calm and not get nervous?
Was this guy flirting or just being nice?
How do I kiss longer?
Do friends w/ benefits situations ever work.?
I love my girlfriend but..?
He stopped talking to me?
why can't I get over this guy ive never even dated?
what does it really mean . Does it mean he loves me?
What does it mean when a guy does this with his girlfriend?
Why do I find her so attractive despite this..?
Why do people call some girls whores just because they're popular and pretty?
SOS I HAVE A CRUSH HELP ME?
My boyfriend of two years left me help me?
I truly love this girl but don't talk to her?
how come i am 5'6 1/2\ but girls say this holds me back from looking manly and being masculine?
Why would she do this?
what color wedding dress is best for a 50 to 60 yesr old lady?
My daughter just moved out and now I want another baby? Empty nest syndrome?
why my boyfriend treats me bad?
why did she ask if Im with any girls?
Told my boyfriend I wanted to have sex. Now he's being weird?
My guy friend is social but gets quiet around me, why?
The girl I love wants to commit suicide?
What's a sugar baby?
Should I talk to him soon? In desperate need of help.?
I 4gav her 4 all the wrong she did coz i lv her, how 2 erase bad memories nd move on?
kid has harassed, bullied, and made death threats?
Should I date my autistic friend (really long Im warning you in advance)?
Guys, have you ever been punched by a female?
I have a weird feeling that something is wrong?
How can I trust and learn to love again if I am so broken hearted from my 5 year long relationship with my ex?
How do I get over a girl I love?
How do I kiss longer?
Why don't guys like certain girls10 points?
Asian girl, white guy?
Dating a guy 7 years older than me a good idea?
what do i do if a girl is mad at me for no reason at all?
How to deal with an annoying boy?
My friend is addicted to how to train your dragon movie?
If you talked to someone online for a few years, why would you not cam?
How do I start talking to her? HELP ME!!!!!?
Girlfriend Flirts With Other Guys?
what does this mean at the gym ladies?
im having problems with my best friend?
My bf's friend did not accept me?
What to do when your close friends best friend is jealous of your relationship?
can a introverted person have a relationship?
How do I tell him ????
How can I tell if a girl is in a relationship or not?
Will he think it's weird?! Heeellp? Please answer fast?
How to convince a guy you didnt cheat(I didn't)?
HELP How do i talk to a guy who i rejected in past?
I'm really confused abot this guy! i need advice please!!?
Hooking up with ex-boyfriends best friend ?!?! Guys and girls opinions please!!?
how do i know if hes changed?
Ever notice people dont text you back so you stop texting them them they ask why r you so quiet?
Guys between the ages of 21-30 I need your help with dating...Need a man decoder. Kinda long too?
Guys: would you be happy if this girl added you that you have been lookin at?
Sorry this is long. What do I do? Should I just forget him?
Kid constantly threatens to kill me?
Guys. Why hasn't he asked to hang again?
What can I do with my boyfriend?
Girls how would you feel if a shy guy approached you like this?
SERIOUS QUESTION!!!.?
Will Brooklyn Decker date a black guy?
Do I like her or not?
What does it mean when a guy texts you first?
Is she interested in me?
How do I get to know him?
There is a senior talking to me, what do I do?
Need help with wedding cakes?
Should I be my sister's free babysitter?
How often should I wear a necklace my boyfriend gave me for Christmas?
Why is my girlfriend acting strange all of a sudden?
I like this boy. Should i tell him i like or wait for him?
Is self tanner toxic to a child under 3 months of age?
Is it appropriate for a girl to have sex with a man in his house if his wife is also in the house?
I think I'm scared to be in relationships?
What would be the best way to introduce myself to a girl that i havent spoken to before?
Why am I so short Male?
Was this too extreme?
PLZ HELP! Should i tell my brothers about something that happened to me before i moved in with them!?
does this mean there dating?
Been over a month since my friends been \too busy\ .. Um what does it mean!?
Should I kiss my best friend that's a guy??
Relationship advice, want to have sex?
Is it wrong to be attracted to guys older than me?
What did she meant when she called me a \walking d!ld0\?
I dislike long inner labia..?
How to quickly make friends in high school?
What does this mean if someone said it to you?
What is it about hispanics that drivw girls crazy?
Cant get a girl off my mind?
Please help! Relationship problems!?
my parents want me to have a party but I don't want one?
Why does he act like this?
How do you know he is the \one\?
How do you know he is the \one\?
anyone knows where I can get a wedding dress with bows?
Does she like me or is she just really friendly?
How to get a guy to like you? Work setting?
What's the best way to initiate a friends-with-benefits?
GIRLS: Is she interested in me?
Don't want to have an affair, can I keep my job?
I really hurt my boyfriends feelings, how can I make it better?
Can someone please answer my other question?
why does pay so much attention to me and stare at me a lot if she doesnt like me?
Parents getting divorced..please help!!!?
Do you HAVE to get married in a church?
what can i do to increase my penis size its 6 1/2 inchrs and 1 1/2 wide 16 years?
Just asked a girl out! Help!?
my wife's ex boyfriend passed away and i feel weird about her going to the funeral. is that normal?
How do you break up with someone who is in love with you?
When a guy says that he doesn't get nervous around you and he can be himself what does that mean?
What Should I do? Please help!?
Why hasn't boyfriend been texting me?
My parents force me to go to college?
I don't know what to do with myself...so heartbroken.?
Can I wear a wedding gown for ROM?
How do you tell the real from the players?
I HATE change!!!! Im....?
How can I console my mom?
Open when letter ideas?
Was she wrong or am I being a bad friend?
How can I force myself to talk to my crush easily?
Should i have gotten mad at my boyfriend?
Is it possible to change something that has been done in the past?
Guys, could you live with a girl and not be attracted to her?
Should I text my girlfriend I miss her on a break?
What is it about hispanics that drivw girls crazy?
Girls: Boxers or Briefs on guys?
How do I resolve my new relationship issues?
My boyfriend hasn't text me all day?
can I fly to europe when I'm 18 without parental consent?
Is this being clingy?
i hsve a friend but daughtet doesnt approve she has not met him?
Hey this is wierd...?
What do I do about him?
Is it possible to change something that has been done in the past?
What is it about hispanics that drivw girls crazy?
Should I be worried about our friendship?
How to start convo with crush?
Help!? i get jealous of girls (not gay)?
How do I get him to text me?
How do I ask my crush for her number and am I ugly?
so does this mean anything...is there hope and or a chance on us getting back together?
Idk if I like this guy, but according to my friend(Brianna) he likes me... Any advice?
Idk if I like this guy, but according to my friend(Brianna) he likes me... Any advice?
Is this girl just stringing me along?
What would happen on a date where the guy made the girl go out by she didn't want to?
GIRLS: What do you make of this? please help!?
I like this girl in my class, how do i get her to like me?
Leaving the family nest?
Girlfriend said \I need some space\? What do I do?
what should i do about my controlive best friend?!?
What should i say?? My guy friend loves me?
I love that girl very much i proposed her then she called me brother and blocked me?
How do I overcome this jealously?
Gift ideas for my boyfriend?
Thoughts on a sophomore girl dating a freshman boy?
Does he like me or is he just playing me?
Is this guy gay? Or interested?
the guy that likes me doesnt text me first?
i cant think of any talent i have?
Why did boyfriend hold my backpack?
What does it mean if someone says \that you'll be lost without me\?
Does she have a crush on me?
How do I ask my crush for her number and am I ugly?
I can't stop thinking about my ex girlfriend?
does it get easier with time?
My girlfriend broke up with me .. Because she said she needed time to clear her head ..?
what do i tell my friend that has been married for 10 yrs now and now she do not like the way her husband have?
I like the girl next door. We never talk or anything but?
Guys, which do you like more?
what to talk to a boy you like?
My fiancé really wants me to do this....?
My boyfriends bad at texting, should i be worried?
Feeling like I don't fit in because of my Ethnicity? Please help me!!!!?
Do I respond or ignore a text from my ex?
Why don't exotic or classy latin women date good Jamaican men?
my grandma just died how much money can my dad get from the trust were it wont mess his disability up?
Is marrying your first love a bad thing because you dont get to 'see whats out there' first?
how to get back at my girlfriend? i was a terrible wreck,douchebag and ignorant?
Girls and women, would you rather have a man great at making money or having sex if all else was equal?
Having a wedding and need a room divider...?
Girls keep asking me who I like, what do I say?
I am a 21 year old virgin and I wanna do ittt?
My boyfriend doesn't want me to go to his game? Why?
I would Please appreciate some advice into this?
How can I stop likening this girl?
I have a girl that I like And I know that she likes me. I don't know how 2 tell her.(im in 8th grade)?
How do I get to know her?
How to get this guy to like me?
She has me so confused...Seriously!?
CANT DECIDE BETWEEN EX AND CURRENT?
Why can't girls ask guys out?
Should I give up or keep trying with this girl?
Do you think he loves me?????!?
Do you think my dad meant to do this (maybe sexual)?
I know it was wrong of him to do this bit how do i get over it?
Why do men get a bad rep?
I get irritated when I don't get a text back?
How long after you start taking the active pills does your period end? (Levlen ED)?
Continuing A Conversation?
Does this make me a heartless person?
what does it mean when someone sais \You grew on me\ ?
What does he mean?? Guys help me out?
I love my boyfriend after only 1 month?!?
Am I in love or is it infatuation?
Does he like me? Why do my friends think he does?
Do you ever completely get over your first love?
why am I so angry toward boyfriend?
Not sure if she likes me or not?
help with tickling a girl?
How do I talk to people?
heeeelllpppp!!! my girlfriend is annoying.?
grass is greener syndrome or?
If my friend broke my point and shoot camera what legal rights do I have against him?
Should i give her the oragami?
Hey guys, what do you do when your manhood is being attacked ?
A girl said I remind her of an onion, what does this mean?
Why won't he open up about possible foot fetish?
Missing someone so much it hurts when you hardly know them?
How to stop someone from enabling bad habits?
Does he have a crush on me?
What would be good ideas for a December wedding in North Carolina?
Do single men think spending money on women as a means toward matrimony ...?
My best mates ex tried to get on me?
Should I block her on my phone or try to reconcile?
Should I still have to go to my dads?
what can i give up my life to thats good ? i am ready?
Am I bisexual if I like transgender girls that dress act and have shape ups like boys??!?!?!?
why is my Uncle so mean to me?
Six weeks married and barely any sex?
Please help me!! :'(?
hel p my wife is 7 !!?
Dating two people at the same time ??????
People wont stop picking me up?? They dont listen or take me seriously, help!?
What do you think? A crush problem?
How do you tell a guy you like him?
annoying guy friend wont leave?
what does this mean ?
Bikinj fell off in front of husbands freinds?
How to convince my parents to move?
He calls me his baby?
Girls at my bustop. Quick 10 points.?
Is an uneven number of Bridesmaids and Groomsmen OK ?
Mentors & father figure/ mentor movies?
my friend has a girlfriend if she brakes up with him and she asks me out should i say yes or no?
Sooo what should I do?!?
(High school) Sometimes guys stare at me without smiling? Why..?
Do you think my sociopathic 'friend' drugged me?
Does he like me or am i just being clingy and weird? 10 points?
I really need advice with this!?
How can I forget an ex best friend?
i going to kill myself over this guy?
Guy friend won't leave?
I like a guy, but he's Indian? What do I do?
how can i stop loving him?
How do i get my x boyfriend to stop bothering me?
Should I try to convert or break up with my Muslim boyfriend?
Indecisive gf breaks up for the 3rd over the same reason?
I really miss my mom?
How to gain my pride and dignity back after an unfair break up? feeling down..Really need your advise.?
Should I tell him i'm a virgin?
How to gain my pride and dignity back after an unfair break up? feeling down..Really need your advise.?
Will I ever have a girlfriend?
I AM GOING TO MEET MY GIRLFRIENDS DAD TODAY IN A TEMPLE.?
Should I block my friend on my phone?
I'm VERY jealous over my boyfriend. My lack of trust is ruining our relationship?
Does he maybe miss me? 10 points.?
Date Night, All Night?
Shall i talk about sex with my fiance?
How to not be a boring tester?
Feeling like i want to reschedule?
My ex-fiance is getting married to the girl he dated before dating me. Please read and tell me what you think?
Can a guy be in a relationship where he doesn't love the girl? 10 pts?
How do i impress a girl in 8th grade?
Is this going to be like this my whole life?
what do guys do to push girls away and why?
Are first kisses as embarrassing and awkward as people say?
My dad's smoking is irritating my sinuses? Why won't he listen?
I met this girl named Keisha...?
Are you in relationship? Please answer my question?
My friend is going to kill herself...?!?!?
Confused...can someone give me advice on a guy?!?
Am I overreacting about this all?
My cousin's girlfriend is turning against me?
My roommate is annoying me about my boyfriend?
Why do I feeling bad without friend?
My crush doesn't know I exist?
Do you think girls should ask guys out more?
Guy problem! Guys and girls help!?
when should i make another move?
Need help with a girl I like?
my best friend of 22 years said it was terrible of me to donate blood. Howshould I inform her it is a good thi?
Is it possible to make a new best friend on a meeting site?
Am i right to be annoyed with my boyfriend watching tv immediately after we had sex?
Does He Like Me Back?
Why do girls just want to bone all the time?
Messaging this girl then no response?
20 year old guy talking to me on snapchat?
is it ok that me and the guy im dating never really have conversations on the phone?
How do I convince my husband to let me do highlights in his hair?
I'm scared my boyfriend will hit me?
Want to date a shy guy!?
Should I tell him how I feel?
how to gain self confidence?
my husband always accuses me of being hi when I'm drowsy in the morning. How can I prove him wrong??
This girl that i kinda like laughs at almost everything i say?
Is my boyfriend using me or not?
My friend is upset that I don't hang out as much with her since I moved what to do?
should i end things with him?
How I deal with emotional dependency?
I don't have interest in having sex with my husband. Do I need help?
boyfriend problems help?
Why doesn't my family understand me?
i have never really had a sex drive?
should I give baby daddy copy of my sons social security card?.?
Really need help!!! Please?
Hugging like this? am I sending a romanic message?
Is a bride planning her own shower rude?
What to say if someone asks me if i have a crush on a guy?
Why do parents give their children every thing except themselves !!! ?
I think my best friend is mad at me because I smoked weed?
Girls poll: What traits in guy grab your attention ?
Caught twin sister masturbating?
how do you tell if agirl likes you when she looks at you?
Will my mom ever be able to accept me?
Caught twin sister masturbating?
How to get back at bullies?
I'm falling for a married man. What should I do?
PLEASE ANSWER do i have feelings for him? What do i say to hin?
When do people get angry when you say the majority of marriages fail?
gf was gropped at Walmart?
Tips about flattering boys ???
In love with my bestfriend..? Help! So confused!?
Is this weird? Is this acceptable?
What do you think about this guy that has gotten 2 divorces in 4 years?
What does \I think the world of you\ mean?
Does she like me i need help?
I'm staying the night at this guys place, what should I do?
Ex-girlfriend trust problems?
Does he still like me? How can I get him to ask me out?
I'm getting jealous of boyfriend and his best friend? what to do?
I don't want to put my hubby on child support?
My crush wants to get back with her ex?
is my cousin an attractive guy??
I want to get 100% legal and physical custody of my daughter, her bio mom is in drug court how hard will it be?
I don't want to put my hubby on child support?
Why do I still care about him?
i am unconditionally in love with my boyfriend! how do i say this to him from the heart!!!?!?!?
Do you think black women are justified in blaming other people for their dating struggles?
He stared at me while licking his lips?
he called me someone else's name in bed?
So what do i do now?
Should I ask her again?
I will ans backn,ery short***** Do guys act this way to girls they like?
Why did my husband tell me lies about seeing a woman?
How to approach girls at school who you don't know?
I've fallen in love with my friends gf and he treats her like complete crap. Help?
Help, Trying to get an Athletic Girlfriend?
Why does sex have to be such a taboo?
Should I even try to pursue this girl anymore?
Has this girl started liking me?
Boyfriend is suicidal?
If you CANT get over someone what's the next best remedy?
I'm A little bit confused on this matter and would appreciate some advice please?
Am I too young for him?
Why is this shy/fairly talkative girl quite with me but not with her guy friends??
ILL ANSWER YOURS IF YOU ANSWER MINE!!!! and 10 pts best answer!!?
why am I such a paranoid idiot?
I'm VERY confused. Does she like me? NEED HELP. BE HONEST!?
What works best to get an ex back?
I'm a sexy man and I want to impress my girlfriend so what color thong should I wear to get her attention?
How to deal with an addicted familiy member?
why do some guys act like they don't like you when they do?
I need help please i need help?
What does it mean when a guy says your sweet?
Soo like this guy...?
Is it ( i love the look on her eyes or i love the look in her eyes )?
My feelings are hurt what should I do?
My boyfriend doesn't want to see me?
Why does this guy ask this whenever we text?
How to get back at bullies?
how do i get my girlfriend to stop cooking?
The guy I like and I had a thing, but now he says that he's too stressed out for a relationship?
Why do his friends do this?
How do you get a middle school boy to like/notice you?
there is a boy i like and he likes me too my friend dosent know and she is trying to hook him up what do i do?
WHAT DO I DO? 10 points best answer!?
why dumpers go out with so many girls?
Anyone want to help pay for my wedding? lol?
Do I have a chance with girl?
I need help with my wife.?
When breaking off engagement?
My best friends boyfriend keeps calling me a slut?
what to do in a break with your boyfriend?
Why does she take so long to text back? :(?
My feelings are confused help?!?!?!?
girls how would you like to be asked out?
Ex is is mixed up and fragile?
How to enjoy being single?
Do people actually have planned orgies?
would you consider this flirting?
How to talk to my Girlfriend about sex?
What does it mean when a guys eyes sparkle?
What is a good romantic username?
Why is my boyfriends so cheap and lazy?
How was ur life after ur last ex?
Should I text or call my boyfriend to confirm?
In highschool did u ever just walk out of class?
I hate my ex so much, he makes me angry, what's the best way to handle it?
How do you know if someone stops loving you?
what d9es is mean wheb your boyfriend calls a girl cute? HELP!!!!?
what are good topics to bring up to ur boyfriend?
Adam Eve store send catalogs?
She say's she needs time to think about it?
Why did he say that, his he jealous?
Girl : how you feel if a guy put you as his WCW?
Why is this guy avoiding me? When i'm around?
How to stop a kid from embarrassing me?
What should I do about my ex??? I could really use some help?
How do I get a guy to notice me?
Why are people rushing into relationships nowadays?
how to deal with my mom's anger problems?
My husband has Ed & Depression what is the safest thing out there that he can use?
Girl keeps talking about her dating profile and other guys?
what does this mean \ask her out\?
guy likes me but wont ask me out?
how do i approach him?
How do I get over someone?
5 friends in an apartment sometime in the near future? Should we all do this?
what compliments to tell my friend?
I love the girl that loved me before?! Help me!?
Do guys act this way to girls they like? ( 20 points and I will ans back)?
This girl hates me for no reason?
I wanna be more than FWB's..?
What should I do about my ex?
Ladies of Yahoo! Answers - Does she like me? Because I like her!?
Girlfriend never wants to have sex?
Should i go out of my way?
Can my wife claim that I have never given her spousal support if we have no legal documentation?
Why did he say that, his he jealous?
GUYS! Does it sound like he's into me?
Is it weird to be a 15 year old virgin?
Should I just stop being friends with them?
Getting involved with my neighbor. Good or bad idea?
how to I get up this time?
Do youbthink it's worth working out?
So I broke up with him...?
I'm re-asking this to get more opinions?
When you say you hate everyone?
I b*tched out on a girl, what do I do?
How can I get my friend to return my phone calls for guy advice?
Ladies, good sign or no sign?
Do you guys act this way to girl you like? ( very short, 20 points and I will ans back)?
does he like me? or am i over analyzing?
Girls, how would you feel?
Any people who are nice please answer this. How can I be nicer?!?
Do guys appreciate random gifts?
Does anyone else still love their ex spouse, but are \over\ them?
Is it normal for an adult to think about sex all day long??
When the girl picks the restaurant but the guy is the one paying?
Dealing with a drama queen?
Awesomely cool title to grab your attention with a mundane question?
he stopped talking to me?
haven't had sex in a while ? **points to the best answer?**?
Why is he ignoring me? GUYS please?
How should I ask my friend to winter formal?
How to text a girl that likes you?
I want to have sex but im scared of the consequences?
Worried to tell to crush how I feel?
How can i get this girl to talk to me?
Now, don't lie to me...?
How can a guy gets an interested girl to make love together?
what is the other solution but not divorce?
i dont love my husband in THAT way. should i stay?
how do you tell your friend they need to brush their teeth?
HELP ME PLEASE WITH MY PROBLEM?
I'll answer yours. How to get him to stop staring?
Dating too much-Good or Bad?
Friends who call you out on everything?
should i stop trying?!?
How do guys feel about virgin girls? What age does it get weird to be a virgin?
PLEASE SAVE AND HELP ME WITH MY LOVER PROBLEM?
What steps do you have to take to get married through the courts in East Rochester, New York?
please help mE WITH THIS LOVER PROBLEM?
??!!!!&'knnbbbnnnnnjnnjj?
Best place to find a side piece in the winter?
Does this mean she likes me? 10 points!?
HELP! No one is answering?
Would this be a good move to make with a girl?
What to do about this girl in my class?
Why does she hate me?
could this guy like me?
Do I have a bad home life?
My girlfriend thinks I'm not spending enough time with her?
Which are the odds of finding a virigin girl at 18-25?
I want my mom to let my have a sleepover?
Girlfriend said that my body is perfect?
FWB and valentines day??
Ex boyfriend !!!!!!!!!?
Should i quit my job when my child is born?
I need some advice about a friendship?
How can a guy gets an interested girl to make love together?
How can a guy gets an interested girl to make love together?
I feel like im in the wrong then i dont do you think this was only right?
My friend always talks about how pretty she is?
I want to date her but need advice?
Do you honestly believe that I am capable?
Why does boyfriend do this?
Why am I so jealous of my best friend?
How do i trust and believe my long distance boyfriend?
What's a good birthday text message for this girl I like?
I'm socially awkward but I really want a girlfriend? Tips and advice would be great!?
How to handle a competitive roommate?
Why does he ignore me?
What is going on here? what is he up to?
How to make my sister stop acting sl*tty?
marriage and divorce?
What do shy guys look for in a girl?
How to forget your EX?
break up advice and best guy friend!?
How do I make a guy like me? And if he does like me how do know?
How do I make a guy like me? And if he does like me how do know?
Can anybody tell me visually how to get girlfriend?
I'm selfish, immature, and hot-tempered will I still make friends in the future?
Why does boyfriend keep doing this?
GIRLS: Does this mean she likes me?
Looking for girly lock in games. Who can help?
What birthday present should I buy to my 23 year old brother?
virgo program director stalking or interested?
if you keep dreaming about an ex, does it mean you still want them?
I missed my chance to tell her I love her?
What are some signs that a girl is creeped out by someone?
Why dont adults take kids seriously?
Do you think I should apologize?
Does anybody else find that the best friends you make are random?
Is it true that confidence really goes a long way?
How to tell my mum about my boyfriend ?
i dont want to live anymore?
What should I do if the person I love takes me for granted?
do you think this explains the high divorce rate? or do you have some other opinion?
What would you think if you saw.....?
What is true love?? how can i find it?
Why did he stop talking to me?
What is true love?? how can i find it?
Why did he stop talking to me?
weve been on break from each other for a week.?
Do shy guys like a girl that talks a lot/extrovert?
I'm going to be going on my first date soon, help!?
Is This A Sweet Thing For Her To Do?
Why would a guy pretend to get you a christmas present?
I Can't Trust My Mom Anymore?
How can I get my girlfriend to be comfortable around me?
trouble with my old friend?
if i found the right woman for me why do people tell me ok since found what u was looking for go search for?
Help me please im so depressed</3?
Do I continue on with how it is going, or give him an ultimatum? And how do I ask him to meet me?
What to do in the confusing situation with this girl? Should I let it go?
Is it weird to rather be at home then hang out with friends 95% of the time?
What is the thing that wont leave?
my spouse for 12 yrs.has kicked me out the house got a restraining order on me we have a 11yr.old son together?
Can I still text her a lot if were staying friends? Help ASAP!?
Things have been awkward but I'm scared to text him?
Things have been awkward but I'm scared to text him?
I want to do something nice for my mum?
A guy said he likes me but I have a boyfriend...?
How to control your nerves when approaching someone you like?
Should I tell him I fantasize about him?
It's getting difficult to wait for marriage?
How to boost my self-esteem?
Is this normal 13&14 yr olds?
How do I get my parent to stop drinking?
Is my Boyfriend thinking about his ex's?
Does she like me? Because I like her!?
How can I explain to my best friend why I hang out with other friends?
i think i screwed up big time please help me. relationship problem?
my boyfriend keeps hinting for a first kiss but i dont know if i should make the first move. any advice?
I love my mom and my dad passed away last year...after that she started treating me poorly....I do all the cho?
What does third generation mean?
Can I get a guy's perspective?
What's happening with me and my best friend?(Please help)?
HELP! why does my girlfriend be in a good mood one minute then the next she is moody?
Hey Guys, Is it a Sin to Marry an older guy?
GIRLS: Does this mean anything?
would she technically be my sister?
Is it possible for her to basically reject me and then be interested in me?
How to take a break from a friendship?
Dumping good for great?
is normal to bleed during sex when your not even a virgin?
how to make him stop liking me?
Are you a reflex of your parents or are your parents a reflex of you?
Can you FORCE someone to love you??
I just saw my brother naked and now I'm scared to talk to him. Help!!!?
What gifts are odd and square?
Who lives in CA and wants to be my texting buddy ?
why suffering even after good deeds?
,,,(??????!!?!?£!!£'nnjnnnn?
How to be subtly dirty?
Am I overthinking things?
I love the way my guy friend hugs me sometimes, it feels like he cares but does he mean it as friends?
was this rude of me ?
I love the way my guy friend hugs me sometimes, it feels like he cares but does he mean it as friends?
Should i continue being as aggressive?
Is it right for my boyfriend to blame his screaming on me?
how to make your friend listen to you?
What does pretty much mean?
What steps do you have to take to get married through the courts in East Rochester, New York?
do girls not like replying if you dont have a picture?
Why do so many people like (as well as dislike) big butts?
I need people experienced with dating to answer!!?
How to give her hints you like her?
GUYS: how would you feel if a girl sat on your lap?
How should I talk to this girl?
Why is he saying he would find me another man to replace him?please need help:/?
Am I doing the right thing by waiting for/rejecting him?
can I get a guys opinion please?
Walking home with a girl?
What do you do when the person you love hates you, and this started when they realized their feelings for you.?
He got an erection while kissing me?
I have had a guy suck on my boob and neck for a long time and I never get a hickey?
What to give my crush if i don't know her?
Why does everyone allways criticize me?
is my friend cutting for attention??
how can i make him notice me?
How to \Read\ him...is he interested or not?
How do I tell if a girl likes me or not?
how can i be the girl everyone likes to talk to?
GUYS/MEN would you do this?
Does this mean a yes or a no?
My gf leaving for 6 months?
What would you rate me? Please girls only and don't be a jerk about it.?
Is being civil with an ex who dumped you and called you fat and immature a bad move, or should i block her?
How to tell someone you have a sexual transmitted disease? Please dont be rude.......?
Should i ask my dad ?
Men: What would make you take a woman seriously and what would make you not take her seriously?
How can I change my way of thinking?
GUYS: would you do this?
What do men mean when they say they wanna keep their woman barefoot and pregnant?
Significant other choosing pet over you?
Girl problems need some advice?
Hi I have a survey I need people to answer?
When would be the \right\ time for my boyfriend to propose?
He cheated on me how do I forget about it or get over it been constantly thinking about it since I found out ?
How to stop worrying?
Am I overthinking what my friend called me?
How do i fix this? Or should i end it?
( Very Short) my crush and his friends.......? ( I will ans yours)?
Should i break up with my fb boyfriend?
My Ex Gf put me on a Break, I asked her back out. and then seperated officially. What should I do?
Is it a bad thing to marry your first girlfriend?
I cheated on my boyfriend of 3 years....?
What does it mean when a girl looks away and smiles when you look in her direction?
Work crush: how to make him notice me?
How do I show him I like him without telling him?
My boyfriend is coming over my house to have sex, what should I do to get ready?
Boyfriend got me nothing for bday. Should I be mad ?
How to get him to stop liking be but still remain friends?
Why are girls so mean to me still?
Girls help with my girlfriend?
I've been a needy friend.... and want to change:(?
Do guys like this...?
Should I just ignore him?
why he is throwing carrot at me?
what would your emotions be?
Why would a guy ask how you are and then disappear?
My boyfriend is mad at me, HELPP!!?
Learning how to talk to people? Need some ideas of things to talk about?
Is being civil with an ex who dumped you and called you fat and immature a bad move, or should i block her?
is it okay to sleep around?
why is he staring at me ?
Making a scrapbook for my suicidal friend (PLEASE READ)?
How should i ask my dad if we can tag along ?
most embarrasing way to lose to a girl in a fight?
Good summary for my novel?
How to deal with these moody arguments?
Am I allowed to move into my dad's house?
Should I Offer Sister Money?
im feeling unnattracted to my unemployed significant other, what can i do?
GIRLS: What does this mean?
I feel so..untalented compared to my boyfriend.?
Should we get a divorce?
What does she mean by this?
How do I tell him I'm not interested?
Why am I so jealous of her?
Should we have sex even with these issues?
Why do only older guys like me?(Like in their 40s)?
whats wrong with my friends w. benefits partner?
Being nice or what is it?
How to have lengthy conversations with a girl?
do teenage guys like girls who arent perfect?
girls have you ever had a boyfriend but had a crush on another boy?
What should i do, I really don't know.?
Is this girl desperate?
How to make out if it's both of our first times?
How to move on when you don't get on with the love of your life?
How to get my boyfriend to break up with me??
How Do I Tell My Friend She Is The One That's Mean?
When should I care about what others think of me? (I'm 18 btw)?
What the heck is wrong with my mother?
Need advice about sex??
my parents say i have no friends?
How to get a girlfriend to send me pictures of her?
He broke up with me because i wasnt a virgin! HELP?
Any asian guys who could help?
Is it weird to ignore girls?
Is it possible to find this kind of a man in this day, truly?
He is trying to get me pregnant against my will! 10 points!?
we've been on break now what?
He says he doesnt do ex as friend?
How can I explain a fake birthday gift?
I hurt my friend really bad and i feel terrible?
Was This Guy Really Into Me?
Starting to second guess myself?
Starting to second guess myself?
Should I tell her she's not my best friend or just let her continue to believe she is?
Where can I find older women dating?
what does my dream mean!?
How to make conversation with a date that is A LOT smarter than you?
I like a guy who is way older than me, 18 years older?
Me and my fiance want to move in together but we are long distance and don't know how to go about it?
We've talked every day- does he like me?
Is it strange to be a virgin at 30?
People say I look Asian from far away?
my boyfriend said hes ready for a family and he said he wanted to be the one take my virginity?
My boyfriends in rehab. HELP!?
should someones not so good job determine your relationship with them?
HELP!! Does This Girl Like Me!!?
Going on a date with this guy was literally a huge mistake.?
Should I tell him? Guys Advice?
What type of girl do guys go for?
My best friend thinks she's pregnant?
What's your view on the relationship between love and sex?
Is he just using me? Am I out of the picture now?
Still like my ex but don't know what to do..?
How do I cancel plans with one friend to go do something with another friend?
my crush got angry at me..... i think help!?!?
can a Financial Consent Order legally delay my Absolute? english law.?
How do I get my Dad to Knock it off?
My future depends on this decision?
what do boys look for in girls?
10 pts, will answer yours Should I ask my crush out? Is this the right way? Please help!?
What can i do for my first birthday (16th birthday)?
How to talk to girls you don't know I get really nervous when it comes to girls?
How to meet this girl in shop class?
Why haven't i yet moved on?
how to make new friends?
What does is mean when a girl asks for your hoodie?
Why is it so hard to make new friend even when you are very friendly and share the same likes why why why?
ex wont help with childs passport, told me to take her to court?
Is there any good single parent dating option out there?
I like my choir teacher?
Father hates his son?
He's asking me out on a date after 4 years help?
what do i do if my friends are cheating on the people they are going out with with each other?
Why is my ex looking at lesbian porn?
should I take her to prom?
Am I ugly? Close up of face *ladies only*?
How to break up with my new boyfriend?
Does this guy like me need advice please no hate?
does cuddling actually mean cuddling?
My best friends don't like me? what do i do?
Can you change women?
GUYS what do you think?
how do i know if he has a crush on me?
This girl hates me for no reason?
Girls do you or any girl you know do this?
Ever met your soul mate and it was too late?
Is there any why we \locked eyes\?
Would you have found it helpful to have education course dealing with relationships?
I like a guy I barely know!?
My friend and I are fighting, what should I do?
Why does everything in my life go bad?
Relationship advice boyfriend issues?
How do I get her interested in me?
My \friend\ dumped her baby on me what do I do?
Should I take up surfing to impress a boy?
My bestfriend said she doesn't want to be my friend?
women crush wendsday??
Why hasnt he called or texted?
Please help! I really don't wanna screw this up?
what do guys look for in girls?
Why did i get depressed after talking to him?
my crush said he likes me but he has a girlfriend?
I'm terrified of sex and I don't know why...?
How to get closer to a girl?
I am 31 years old and still living with my parents?. Do I have to live with them for the rest of my life?.?
My dad keeps honking the horn for no reason.?
is it bad being shallow?
how do i get over a guy?
Why do boys I get involved with leave me feeling low and depressed?
This girl says she busy to hang out with me but she didn't say yes or no what should i do?
Is it bad if she hasn't broken the touch barrier?
How to tell your girlfriend you want to hang out?
how can i get him away from her?
I'm a virgin but people don't seem to believe me why?
Waited too long, and she's fading away?
Could there still be a chance with my ex?
is this too early in the relationship to have this conversation?
Was he playing with me?
How To Get My Crushes Number!?
I can't deal with being single anymore?
What name do you give to sex that happens between exs.?
Relationship Advice Please?
Am i being pushy without trying to be?
i dont respect my gf!!?
My friend is forcing me to pay him $120.00?
should I make him sweat it out?
Am I thinking of ending the relationship for the right reasons?
How To Get My Crushes Number!?
Whyd he do this though pleaseeee help?
What does W.E.I mean in text talk?
Tips to stop hating my ex?
How to make friends with stupid people?
Hit on by a creep on the bus?
Should I go out with him or not?
I need help in what girls wish for in a gift from their boyfriend?
What do you think? A crush problem?
What is the age requirement to have a couple's massage with your boyfriend?
What is so attractive about tall women?
My friend is talking about suicide?
Long distance relationship, having an issue?
Is this out of control or not? Best friends, now enemies?
My boyfriends best friend is a girl??
How to know if a woman is attracted to you or just drunk?
Do guys use their mates to spy on their crush?
I miss my ex girlfriend and I want her back?
I'm scared to text him?
I'm scared to text him?
What are the chances?
How Do I Get My Crushes Number?
Been texing for a long time?
Does this guy like me?
I need relationship advice (please read)?
Ex girlfriend issues?
What should I get my boyfriend for valentines day?
does she like me, what do i do next?
Valentine's day Ideas?
There's this guy that likes every girl ... How can I be that one girl he can't be without?
Women, what's wrong with me? lol?
Does this girl like me?
My family won't choose the right choices?
How to ask a girl to homecoming?
Does it sound like he likes me?
Is it weird for a 20 year old hanging out with 16 year olds?
Ill answer yours. Why does he smile and look at me?
Getting a bit depressed about virginity?
I really like this guy, but is this a big age gap?
Are you attracted to girls with a beautiful voice?
What does it mean when you share food and other things with a girl?
Guys: have you ever had a crush on a shy girl?
Bullies and promise issues :(?
How does the six-pack look to you?
Do you girls find me attractive?
UGH! I can't cope with her anymore?
Im not sure if he likes me?
Is it ok to bath my younger cousin?
Some girls have a told an older girl I like that I like her. What do I do?
How to approach, \We need to Talk\?
Should I confront my ex about this or let it go?
Would You Be Creeped Out? (GUYS!!)?
Do you thinks this good idea for my a secret crush for valentine day. ?10 point? Lupita asked 1 hr ago -?
what is the purpose of a garter belt?
Why did the girls call me pretty when he spoke to me?
Is it worth the wait?
is it ok to see your little cousin naked?
How to get my ex boyfriend back?
So i cheated on my boyfriend and we talked about it but he dont know what to do?
How do I tell her I am moving?
When is it the right time to Kiss a guy?
Is it OK to have sex when married, but before planning on having any kids?
is it moral/ethical for me to get massages?
I'm too shy to even look at him?!?
I'm sick of being the single friend I want someone too ?
Ladies do you think this is wrong or not?
Is this creepy? (GUYS!!)?
Having a big b**t makes you sexy.In other places being stick thin makes you hot.Why women tryin hard to fit in?
does he find me interesting?was he flirting?
Rustic Louisiana Wedding?
Always left out by my friends?
I'm crying. I don't know why.?
My dad is so mean right now.?
I really want to know what this girls name is?
Why did my girlfriend stop making out with me in public?
Does he like me back?! Best answer 10 points!!!?
I'm not psysical attracted to him but i'm fantasizing?
i just got dumpped and i can only drink giner ale and like coke a cola is this normal?
how do i let him know i want more then just sex, please read?
do guys get butterflies?
Told Scorpio Crush I'm Dating Others?
Should I let my boyfriends friend's bother me?
Still like my ex but not sure what to do?
Women - would you dress differently lounging around your house if you had guests at home?
What Should I do I'm a wreck??? should I continue to chase her.?
I think he's interested(signs)? but he's cooler than me?
How to get this guy to ask me out?
Do you think my boyfriend was turned on?
BOYS!! Is it alright if a girl asks you out? And how?
Why doesn't my brother like my boyfriend anymore?
I'm 13 should I do it like theming smoke..?
Is my friend's boyfriend controlling?
what are some reasons to start dating?
When is CPS going to come?
Dating older or younger women?
what are some reasons to start dating?
Men's Opinions: Is this top sexy yet classy?
Why can't I be over him....?
HOW DO U KISS???????
My Crush is mad at me? :'(?
Ladies: Wife may have threesome on vacation!?!?
Will i be okay? i wanna b okay :(?
Why is my ex suddenly talking to me again?
BOYS!! Is it alright if a girl asks you out? And how?
Y would a married man eye u up from hours . Hunt. U down and feel u and. Does he not love his wife?
Am I overreacting to this?
Whats the best way to a woman's heart?
Welcome back for my girlfriend?
Why do girls stare at me all the time?
So what do you do when your girlfriend hates having lil fan girls all over you?
Does he care for me?? And if it does in what way??
How do I become more confident with myself??
What is this person in relation to me?
Easy Question! Please help!?
Is this girl interested in me?
Are mathematics sexy?
Girls and guys - do you find that there are barely and good looking people on dating sites?
How Do I Stop Being Shy Around My Crush?
She wants a break. I want to know how to fix things between us?
He is already treating me like dirt! Wat should I do?
I like irish guys, ? Can i marry them? 10 points?
Long term relationship advice?
does having children with someone mean that you are in love with that person or no?
How do I talk to this boy I like?
What's going on with him?
Y would a married man eye u up from hours . Hunt. U down and feel u?
How could I put off coffee with a woman?
Guys answer only please....why would a guy do this?
Getting in too deep too quickly!?
Im in love with a celebrity what should i do?
who would win in a street fight, a guy or a girl?
Why do parents want there children to contact them even if there far away?.?
does virginity mean anythin (men)?
why does he do this to me ? :( plz help?
I'm the only person he Snapchats, could he Like me?
Why was she smiling at me?
My boyfriend's coming over soon help!?
It feels like he doesnt love me anymore?
I like a sixth grader and I am a seventh grade?
I thought I was pregnant, I was 20 days late, positive test?
How to overcome loss and be better for it ?
What should I do, boyfriend trouble?
Men: Do you appreciate virginity?
I messed up really bad! Need Advice?
I want to throw my friend a party when he gets is 10th girlfriend but I don't know what I should do?
i was sexually assaulted but enjoyed it...?
Should I leave my husband for his lack of motivation and selfishness?
my girlfriend not going to prom with me?
What to do about the guy my daughter is dating?
he ignores me how to get him back?
I have bad teeth, will my boyfriend dump me?!?
Should you be worried if your husband has a lock on the gallery folder on his smartphone?
Why does guys smacks girls but?
Why I feel so embarrassed or depressed abou still being single at 21?
Should I have sex with my bf (Cousins Account)?
American Parenting, is it too lose or completely fine.?
Hey everyone. I'm in a more-than-friends relationship, but should I make things official?
Ughh why did he do this?
My Amazing Boyfriend Buys Me Ugly Stuff?
How common is it for guys to still be virgins at age 18 in America?
My boyfriends parents talk bad about my mom?
Should I move in with my boyfriend & His family?
what does this mean? PLEASE ANSWER?
Give me some advice please,I dont like my boyfriend's sister?
I need some advice, my boyfriends co workers meddle too much in our business.?
Im 14 and I never had a boyfriend?
Is this normal??????????????
My crushes best friend teases us when he's around?
First date first involves a 55 minute car ride. Any tips?
i am 21 and he is 30?
He loves me everyday?
What to do about my friend? PLEASE HELP!?!?
He loves me everyday?
Are me and my 'bestfriend' not going to be friends for much longer?
My long distance boyfriend wants to kill himself?
what sortbof man cheats on his wife and kids?
Im having dating problems. PLEASE HELP. IM SO STRESSED.?
I feel different and just.. Sad..?
How to make a guys 25th birthday GREAT!!!?
How long do i wait to call....10 points?
would i be better off a monk?
Do guys like when girls talk about their boobs?
how is my relationship?
What to do when someone smiles at me?
whats with this girl?
can she possibly like me?
can she possibly like me?
I need a divorce but dont know where my ex is!?
my mom charges me for every thing ?
My friend is 14 and no longer a virgin?!?
Why did her feeling get hurt.?
Is there a chance for me and him?
With regards to marriage, is it realistic when?
What is the tallest height of a girl you would date?
How do I break up my friend's marriage?
I gave the popular guy a hard on?
should i add this guy?
Why would a friend I haven't seen for a while be rude?
10pts! She randomly stopped talking to me?
Does he like me because I want to talk to him if he does.?
What should I do with a bff that denies things?
My 14 year old boyfriend wants to pay for my dress for te dance?
12 year old brother abuses me?
My boyfriend is being an a**?
Should I tell this girl I can't walk with her after graduation?
drama in a small class?
Can somebody please help me?!? I'm desperate?
What if I never find the right girl ?
My boyfriends parents are moving away?
How long should I wait?
Ex flirting with people on Instagram after dumping me. Why is she doing that?
Would you marry someone who has told 13 lies in the space of 9 months? Mainly white lies.?
Have u girls ever had a guy swear it wouldn't?
How can i prepare myself for when/if she says no?
What's it mean if the guy I'm seeing says he likes a girl who does what she is told?
Why do woman treat guys badly and lead them on but call them crazy when he still loves her?
Does this guy like me?
How to dump a pushy guy?
Has this happened to someone else?
How can I enjoy phone conversations with my mother more?
Why don't guys hardly look at me?
Do women like men with cute and beautiful face BUT with muscle?
I don't know if my crush likes me?
I have been married to my husband F-ever .. Is it to loong.?
What do i do? plz answer?
Poll: is it normal to feel bad about yourself after being rejected?
GIRLS: please help!!!?
What can I do to better communicate and interact with my girlfriends' daughter?
Girls: Are you girls intimidated by my height?
So at school this girl said she would kill me?
Guys what should I buy my girlfriend for Christmas?
how DNA test work? a person I know us in crisis. ..?
None of my friends have watched Freaks and Geeks or the Breakfast Club?
Mature guy with not alot of sexual experience?
Why does my mum not understand me and never give me pocket money?
GIRLS: Does she know that I'm looking at her?
What should I do, my friend is 15 and he is 24?
Relationship issues: lying and cheating?
How should I ask my crush out?
What do guys look for in a girl?
Why do you think we fall in love with one person rather than another?
How to get over being uncomfortable around my boyfriends friends?
Mothers with daughters?
Why did my friend unfollow me on Instagram?
I have a question about Tunisian men, are they all scammers and is Tunisia safe?
How to get a guy alone to talk to him near his friends?????
We never go out anywhere?
I know we are meant to respect our mother but how?
Has anyone dealt with this before?
are there different types of feelings when meeting a soul mate?
I like this girl but shes out of my league...?
Please help what does this mean???? 10 points! Need help??
My wife has 2 children from a non married relationship in indonesia,how can she get a copy of his death certif?
How to know if someone is texting you from the heart. (from a boy/girl friendship) VERY SHORT?!?
My ex and his family wont leave me alone?
Girls: do you like a guy who talks or a quiet guy?
Why is he avoiding me? Short story please answer?
Why can't I make friends? I'm so depressed.?
How to convience my mom to take me out of the after school program?
Can 2 ex wives get the husbands pension?
Asking for a relationship or to be my gf?
My husband always annoys me, what do I do?
Should you date an ex who left you 6 years ago? If he claims he wants one date to explain everything.?
Ideas for a grouchy man bday gift?
he didn't introduce me as his gf...?
I need some advice (GUYS!!)?
Girls, do you find weaker guys unattractive.?
If I have a sex change will I still get menopause and go crazy like my mother?
How to tell my parents that i want to leave at 17?
how can i get my best friends dad to trust me with her?
Husband stayed out until after 1:30AM with no call?
If it's him why is he calling by unknown? HELP?
Have you ever been molested but were too young to realize it?
I'm always pissed off?
Why men screw up a relationship and kiss ass to come back?
Is it possible that she is attracted?
does this girl like me?
How do I stop being shy around my crush!?
Why do guys snub girls?
any advice? me and my husband both made mistakes and now no romance in the bedroom?
How to tell my dad I don't want to go on a foreign holiday?
My friend keeps flirting with everyone?
I had sex with my near boyfriends brother?
My old best friend, now enemy. Out of control or not?
Guys whyd he so this pleaseee help?
How can I clean my vagina so my boyfriend can \eat me out\ i do all I can..?
My mum doesn't trust anything I say.?
I'm scared to text him?
what are nice and sweet things to say to a guy I'm talking to?
I'm scared to text him?
First time threesome?
How to deal with a stubborn, know it all boyfriend?
Long Distance Relationship Question?
Guys that call girls ugly or fat?
I don't want to mess anything up with her, help!!?
If you were the opposite sex for a day what would you do?
How to tell if he is boyfriend material and husband material??
how long do you wait to have sex in a new relationship?
When to ask a girl to prom?
Why is it so hard to talk to her?
I don't know if he likes me ?
I want to drive my fiancé wild in bed??
Teenage love problem, please help? Need advice. Get too nervous?
Wedding etiquette in regards to step parents?
Teenage love problem, please help? Need advice. Get too nervous?
Why do geeks tend to be more faithful and committed when it comes to relationships?
Old best friend, now enemy. would you consider this Out of control?
At the end of my rope with my aunt?
Good singles bars for women over 30 in Rochester, NY?
Was what I did that bad?
Do guys like skinny girls with curves?
Y. Oh god y me!?????
My best friend's brother keeps touching me?
Girlfriend wants to pleasure me all the time?
What do I get my friend for her 15th birthday!!? 10 POINTS!!!!!?
My old best friend from high school. is this out of control?
Boy trouble scenario?
my boyfriend cheated on me 12 times in the five years we been together.?
I lied to my bf in the past because?
How do you make a move?!!!?
I love this girl, when do I propose?
She kissed me yesterday, What do I do next?
How to control Myself?
how can i get hard for sex in a hour?
Do you have a specific type of person you are looking for?
Why is virginity so important?
Is he using me or does he have feelings for me?
What should i do about my boyfriend?
Where can my boyfriend and I go on a date?
Does he seem like a guy w/ good intentions looking for a serious relationship?
Need Help Getting Her to Dump Me...?
My boyfriend gave me an engagement ring over the holidays and although I love it, I feel it's too large.?
Will my party theme cost too much?
Do i like him or am i just heartbroken?
What does 'on it' mean?
Gift Ideas For My Guy Friend?
Gift Ideas For My Guy Friend?
how to ask a girl to be your friends with benefits?
Girlfriend said she doesnt want to steal my time from my friends?
Did he lose interest already?
I don't know what to do! Please help!?
What does it mean truely miss someone?
how to ask a girl to be your friends with benefits?
Should I have bought her a tiffany necklace or is it weird?
Is he using me or does he have feelings for me?
I'm interested in someone how do I get his attention?
what does it mean if a guy likes your facebook picture?
help with crushes friends 20 points?
girls/guys should i do this?
GIRLS: clean shaven vs beard? pics!?
My girlfriend is depressed?
Would you ever take a guys phone number from a contact list of coworkers?
As a man in the modern world, are my expectations unrealistic?
Does he like me sexually?
Did your relationships in high school not involve sex?
Is it acceptable for a woman to ask a man out?
relationship advice? talking to my ex ?
I need help with my ex girlfriend Im really confused?
How to become more confident around girls if your shy and freeze also how to begin a conversation with a girl?
Girlfriend wants to pleasure me all the time?
What can I talk to girls about?
I have a friend who wants to starve himself. No matter what I say to him, he wont' listen to reason.?
friend is trying to steal my girl?
Am I in the wrong or is she ?
Why do this female friend never call me but she always call the other ladies?
What should I do (friendships)?
How to break up with my girlfriend?
Is this a minute red flag in this new guy I spoke to?
A guy on a dating site just told me I'm not his type cos I'm black !! :(?
My fiancé has an online dating profile?
I am staying with my parents and they are trying to control me?
Someone help me im confused?
How can I help my friend ?
What is going on with me?
Ex acting weird why tho? She's the one who ended it.?
I think this means something?
Why is he acting like this and has someone else?
Males please answer is he possibly waiting for me?
How can I convince my parents to let me go barefoot outside?
Someone answer, asked before and received no answers?
Many girls tell me i am Too formal? What do thy mean when they say that? Is it good or bad?
Guy looked at me creepily today?!?
Shy girl asked me out?
I feel like my best friend is bonding more with my friend, and im very jealouse of it. what should i do?
Girlfriend dresses like a guy?
How do I respond to this?
I need advice on how to get her to be with me or how to do it?
help! im jealous of my boyfriends female friend?
turn on for guys or not ?? pls answer?
Ladies, would you rather be called pretty or beautiful?
Is it weird that my boyfriend toled me this?
Girls, how would you like to be asked out?
How can I be fake at work...?!? ;)?
What is the best site to meet new friends online?
My brother - what to do?
I hear my par