Easiest way to cook chicken with only chicken, a pack of frozen mixed vegetables and chicken spice?
URGENT HELP CABBAGE 10 POINTS QUICK?
Whiskey mixed drink recipe?
Cream cheese recipes?
Remember hanging out at dive bars in the midwest?
Ravioli straight from the can?
What is the difference between Bisquik and All purpose flour when making biscuits?
Do u like coffee and/ or drink it?
How to stop binging at night?
When do baked goods expire?
Recipe using potatoes and mixed vegetables?
does grilled cheese require butter?
While making Chocolate, I've over sweetened, how to counter act?? Help?
Does mcguinness cherry whiskey taste good with Coca-Cola?
Poll - Do you ever like to share your food/drinks with any of your friends?
Do cinnamon toast crunch really eat each other?
How do you make fettuccine alfredo?
What is the best nightclub in Ibiza?
What are the pros and cons of drinking coffee?
What's a good ice cream flavor that is somewhat rare?
I like working out, but I get bored of it after a few weeks,,any advice...?
Is wrong of me to not want to cook meat for my family? How do I make them understand this is serious?
Has anyone tried putting a little vanilla extract and raisins and cinnamon in their oatmeal ?
Why do I get weird vibes when I go to the store??
Can I use any cake recipe for cake pops?
What is your favorite national pizza chain and why?
How many runt bananas do you usually get out of a 25c gumball machine?
I haven't eat anything since tueasday, jus drinking water!?
Is prawn curry healthly?
Is the lipton vanilla caramel tea caffeinated?
Do you have a favorite quiche recipe?
Cinnamon Roll recipe calls for \Active Dry Yeast\ and I have \Instant Dry Yeast\?
A great dessert will wipe away the memory?
What does Calamari taste like.?
Mountain Dew or Sprite?
How to make your own hot dog?
is a 24 oz soda bottle still good if it's frozen?
How do I read the expiration date?
Why do people like night clubs so much?
What is the size of most gumballs?
Anyone got a trend and tested chilli recipe?
Can you please help me on a recipe question?
Besides eating fresh durian, what else can you make from it?
How to make vietnamese spring rolls?
How to cook chinese restaurant stir fried green beans, still green and crunchy?
does truvia and purevia have the same sweetness per packet?
What the hell have they done to Cadburys Chocolate?
What do you frequently buy when grocery shopping?
what should i eat? and im at school.?
Why do we call it buffalo wings when it made from chicken?
How to improve my cake decoration?
Why do some people eat rare meat?
I just ate a whole can of peas?
twisties and twisties potato chips?
What is a step by step good way to make pizza dough?
What shops sell monin coffee syrup like the costa coffee?
Is pre packed frozen fruit good for you?
i just ate a big burger that my mum made but i'm still really hungry?(please answer quickly)?
What's it like drinking for the first time?
which setting should i use to bake a chicken pie?
What are good ways to make eggs?
How can people like Baileys and Kahlua?
Is there a difference between Microwave and Microwave oven?
Is strawberry cake delicious?
Favorite Types of Cookies!?
what is your favorite alcohol beverage and why?
Would it be bad to show up to somebodies house party with a keg?
Was Crystal Pepsi good?
Can i substitute frosting with toothpaste on a cake?
Can anyone help me \hide\ vegetables?
Triple Sec and peach schnaps cocktail?
What are the negative side effects of eating animal by-products after years of being vegan?
What can too much soda do to your body?
I want to become vegetarian but my family lives on a meat based diet?
Can tamales give you gas?
Why does snow taste like watermelon?
can you use half and half instead of milk to make pound cake?
I don't like (or eat) organ meats?
Where did I do wrong with my homemade biscuits?
At what temperature and for how long would be considered sauteeing?
Tips for a newly vegetarian lady?
Do they make a dingleberry flavor of pop tarts?
What's so great about mushroom soup?
What do French women eat for breakfast?
how many shots of brandy?
What Kosher Food(s) Taste Better to you then similar non Kosher Food(s)?
someone please answer been waiting. great chocolate chip pancake recipie and also a flaverful marinade recipie?
Is it good or bad to eat frozen peas?
I made a pound cake that called for 1 1/2 cups butter or...?
What are some popular American dishes/recipes?
What tastes like artificial grapes?
Is it ok to drink Alcohol before a deep tissue massage?
How much oil will I need to make donuts?
What are downsides and upsides of canned vegetables vs \fresh\?
Can i make tortillas with only flour and water and vegetable oil?
Grilled cheese or egg in a basket?
Pasta bar buffet ideas?
Food: What are the tastiest dry beans?
What happens if I leave cream cheese out too long? (homemade)?
What is a typical Hawaiian diet?
hope someone knows this recipe?
What can I use in place of cream soup?
What makes \Virgin\ oils virgin?
What is one pizza chain that you would not want to order from?
if alcohol kills u then why are there competitions for how much can u drink?
What Po'boy sandwhich do you like?
Have you ever done a liquid fast for 24 hours? And ...?
Do basic cookie recipes include egg? What is a basic cookie recipe?
Any unusual toast toppings?
can I ask the takeaway to put less msg in my chinese?
Would you play brandy with sea urchins for a million big ones?
Espresso machine; cleaning out crusted milk??
Will PEZ candy expire if it's in the package?
Cooker not working - Engineers advice..?
How can I make smores without a chocolate bar?
how to defrost some chicken?
1.4 litres of vodka in one nite/morning?
I love cheese too much?
Does this sound like a good chicken dinner?
is fruit bad for you?
How much does it takes to start a brewery in india?
Does Homemade cookies turn soft very quickly?
Why doesn't wine have vitamin C?
If fridge items has been put in the freezer by mistake?
Baking question: Will putting egg whites and baking powder together cause my cake to over-fluff or explode?
my cake burns from lower side, why?
Meatball batter is sticky and gooey what should I do ?
Why must we drink cow's milk instead of human milk?
Easy haggis style recipe..?
Colors for 60th birthday party?
I'm a vegan...Is that good?
Gel food colouring measurements..?
does drinking coffee make you stop growing?
Unopened yoplait yogurt? Month old?
What is your favourite meal on a cold winter night?
My friend is wasting my kush(weed)?
What is your favorite type of cake?
Is it okay to eat egg for women?
Is it healthy to pop popcorn in a brown paper bag?
Appetizers that represent Denver and Seattle?
Is parboiled rice unhealthy?
will water dry up in a 100% sealed bottle? why or why not?
Which do you prefer, Vanilla or Cookies & Cream Ice Cream?
Looking for baking classes?
Is it okay to freeze deli rotisserie chicken?
What is a good salad dressing or vinagrette to put on a garden salad?
Has anyone taken pure ether?
Is olive oil with the green pulpy stuff even better?
What are truffles and why are they so expensive?
Being the child of an alcoholic father, when I am 21, could I abuse wine?
How to get a list of unicue exotic antioxidants?
Honest Green Dragon tea or :P Orange Mango Tea?
What is the name of this candy?
Am I the only one who likes to drink straight buttermilk?
How can I make tasty french fries at home?
Is there an easy way to open oysters?
If you drink, why do you not also smoke weed if it's safer?
does distilled water need to be refrigerated after opening?
Is it okay to have breaded chicken if I run twice a day?
What's an easy and good recipe for milkfish/bangus?
What are some of your favorite feel good foods?
Are potato chips a healthier alternative to candy?
I am trying to make vegan cookies...I need some substitutes for eggs and butter...help!?
Why don't most girls like onions?
How can i get some food?
Do you think its possible for cattle, pigs and sheep to show affection towards humans?
WHERE CAN YOU FIND A M&M CAKE PAN?
What would you serve a raw vegan?
What is corn sweetener?
Favorite cookie recipe that uses minimal sugar?
Admiral Ron here: When will tartare sauce be available as a condiment in every cafe in the UK?
Birthday party problem?
How to make chewy bread.?
How can eating meat be justified?
Are you careful what you eat?
How much do you love your Tatter Tots?
Why are you a vegan/vegetarian?
Why can I no longer make my bacon crispy?
What type of Pasta have you had on Top of a Pizza?
What Is In Papa Johns Spicy Buffalo Sauce ???!?
You have invented a new juice?
Any tips on my vegan diet?
How to boil and egg to medium softness?
How to make nutella biscuits without brown sugar?
Is my obsession with jolly ranchers to much?
Bread dough won't rise?
Does pipe tobacco called Latakia color Meershaum pipes very quickly ?
Worth of Bud Light glasses?
What grape are people referring to when they say only \Pinot\ ?
what brand of can spaghetti & meatball has no pork?
Even without milk, coffee makes me sick. Why is that?
Why would someone make their pets vegetarian simply because they are?
I want a delicious pumpkin pie recipe?
Is there a way you can make ramen not stick to a pot?
What was the clear fluid came out before the Pepsi at weather spoons?
anyone know a great alfredo recipie?
What should I order for dinner?
what are the procedures of adding a new dish to the menu at a restaurant?
What do you guys think of the Double chocolate chip frappe?
How do I not taste something nasty?
How to get someone of the smoke?
what food tastes good with and without pepper? (more details inside)?
Was I really drunk or was i just kidding myself?
I just had some TASTY red potatoes, but what's the green specks in it? Parsely?
What are some unusual truffle flavours that I could try?
Meat Ball Soup Recipes?
have you ever had honey on toast...because i havent...im 59?
What are most popular local street vendors food?
Why street food vendors are so popular locally?
What are the signs someone has an eating disorder?
What can I do with a bottle of Peach Smirnoff?
Accidentally left frozen shrimp wonton soup in lunchbag for 4 hrs--ok to eat?
Help me find this chocolate cake recipe?
Can I marinate cooked chicken ?
Ice Cream Flavors for practical test?
Becoming a Vegan (UK)?
Are the calcium deposits in my teapot harmful?
what can i put in this homemade kind of bag?
What flowers make for the best honey in your opinion?
Is there something wrong with our oven?
Would a New Yorker use the term 'porridge' or 'gruel'?
How do I avoid Walmart refusing to sell me alcohol?
Chocolate Diet Soda Cake?
Is it okay to eat bread or is that too fatty?
Is it ok if I drink Monster drinks every other day?
When a blender has an ice crushing function can you assume it blend nuts and seeds?
What are some REAL organic foods?
Good cigarillo with a nice flavor?
Is it okay for my boyfriend and I to drink for fun?
Freezer Cooking Question: Baked Oatmeal?
Does raw organic cacao contains phytochemicals and phytoncides?
i need a conclusion on bottle water and tap water? something that brings both of them together!?
Cheese-wiz expires... Is it still fine if I eat it?
Need link for yahoo article of 1-18-14 re how to reheat leftovers?
How do I properly reheat a chicken wrap and fries?
Where can i find macaroons?
What are your favorite restraunts?
How do you like your burgers cooked?
What are the benfits of Biotin supplements?
Do you prefer to drink Soda? or Juice?
Are there any good men in local dive bars??10ptz?
Chicken Breast for Dinner and no pasta or rice....more?
how many drinks can a 130 pound woman drink?
Help me find this chocolate cake's recipe?
Best water youve ever tasted?
15th Birthday Garden Party for May :) >.<?
Why healthy food stores never advertise on TV?
What is a reasonably prized Sonona Valley wine?
What is Baked Alaska Cake?
What are the best recipes for Christmas that you know?
Where can I order TVP online?
What is a tasty and simple recipe for a fish pie?
honey soy pork adding apples cooking question?
I used a chicken knife to cut food by accident?
I'm hungryy. What should I eat?
Drinking coffee with a new lip piercing?
Do you wipe the tip of drinking straw especially in restaurants?
My girlfriend and her mom, immediately upon seated, will begin the ritual of wiping down from the table?
Does anyone think those disposal bamboo chopsticks are recycled too in those small noodles shops?
Gluten free?? Celiac......?
What's wrong with eating whale?
Do you also like eating just bread without anything on it because you can taste the good bread better?
Do you have any good recipes for horse meat?
Is Starbucks good for kids?(Ages 11 and up?)?
Best wine or sparkling wine with chocolate covered strawberries?
How should I season my chicken soup?
How do I make hot fudge sauce without butter?
Amateur opening bottle of wine?
I Think I May Becoming Dependant On Alcohol?
How do I stop the walnuts in my Banana Nut Bread from sinking to the bottom?
How much champaigne would I have to drink to get drunk?
vegans and becoming a vegetarian?
Should I add flour inside the apple juice bottle to attract wild yeast more easily?
sourdough bread problem. Here's what I'm doing, and the conditions...?
baked beans in nachos?
red wines that are good for cooking?
red wines that are good for cooking.?
I ate too many cookies?
What are some good simple ways to drink tequila for a first-timer? (Not myself, a friend I am having over)?
What goes good with Cornish game hen?
how many cookies do you usually eat at once?
What is your favorite Middle Eastern restaurant?
Can you buy japanese melon bread in asian stores like super king?
how often do you go to takeaway to buy chips ?rr?
Why don't alcholics stop drinking?
can alchahol make u sweat?
looking for a good fried chicken recipe?
What is a person who doesn't eat fish called?
What to do with our roaat chicken?
I want to go vegan, but have a few issues about it?
Do you eat or drink soup?
When making ice cream from snow, does the snow contain industrial pollutants condensed in it?
Hollandaise sauce too thick... what to do?
School master chef recipe ideas?
Is Artificial Sugar worse than Real Sugar?
Crockpot recipe/advice needed?
Is paper glue edible & does it dissolve in stomach?
Fish or chicken? What do you like more?
What will be on your playoffs menu for this afternoon?
Anyone Got a Recipe for Egg-Free Egg & Chips?
Could you realize if you are halucinating?
Would this make a nice soup?
Sunday night baking ideas?
Help! 16th Birthday party!?
New Ice-cream flavour ideas?
My mom is sick what type of food should I cook for her?
What are other good Thai foods besides Chicken Pad Thai?
Protein breakfast bar recipes?
Is RedBull energy drink halal?
What is your favourite Soda/Soft drink ?
what's so bad about red bull?
What is your favorite type of alcohol?
What kind of foods can I buy from the grocery store for under $25.00 that will stretch until next friday?
Has anyone here ever tried flavoring honey with spices?
what is your favorite dessert?
Why don't I like the taste of lager and what can I drink instead?
Where's the origin of French fries?
pitfalls of eating expired tins of fruit?
Homemade ramen flavour recipe?
Can someone tell me more about Protein shakes. ?
what liquor is better in your opinion sherry or brandy?
Can you keep oranges fresh in plastic containers?
can you preserve food forever by constantly boiling it?
What foods do you put ketchup on?
What kind of milk do you prefer to drink?
Do you prefer white rice or brown rice?
Stacking a two tier off centre cake?
I'm really hungry, nothing to eat?
Do you like cupcakes, or do you think they usually have too much frosting on them?
I need some good coffee?
What should I use to measure 1 tablespoon of things?
Does coffee stunt your growth if u have coffee 2 times a week?
Is Vodka's Good For Health???!?
Is it safe to eat??? Help! ?
How do you ground cashew?
how do you make those brownies with the cookies in the middle?
I need help for a vegan grocery list?
How many people have watched Earthings and still carried on eating meat?
How do I make myself vomit? (Over-ate)?
Would you eat this meal?
What can I do to make butter-flavored shortening?
How to replace gelatin with agar agar?
Why does humanity rely on animals for food,entertainment,furnishing and clothing?
Do you think processed foods should list all their ingredients?
Is scrambled eggs and spinach a good breakfast?
Which is worst for your teeth?
Should I buy bacon from the butcher at the megamart?
Is being a youtuber easy?
How to replace gelatin with agar agar?
My boyfriend broke up with me?
Can Water Actually Make you Fatter?
Can I make crisps/potato chips in a dehydrator?
Proper way to make chicken/Buffalo wings?
What do you feel about this story?
Should I buy new stainless steel pans or try to find some secondhand?
Are there any recipes for canned diced tomatoes?
Normally, I charcoal grille boneless pork ribs for at least 1.5 hours using indirect heat on my charcoal grill?
Dairy free cake recipies?
How many vegetaians wear animal skins?
Dinner for boyfriend?
Baked spaghetti question?
What Foods can Effect the SMELL of a persons BODY ODOR when Eaten a lot?
Do you believe animals have souls?
How healthy is spinach for you?
[10 points] what kind of pizza should i get? [10 points]?
Calorie conversion? Easy and short!?
What do you Prefer the Taste of in foods ONION or GARLIC?
how many calories in this roast dinner?
I need recipes! help?
If you want to make an apple pie from scratch?
I'm hungry as hell, what can I eat?!?
What is in the drink Sex On The Beach?
What are some of the common causes of alcohol addiction (alcoholism)?
If human milk was being sold, would you drink it instead of cow milk?
Would it be aright to eat this?
Which would you choose?
Can you use hot chocolate powder as a substitute cocoa powder?
can you pan sear chicken by using vegetable oil and butter not olive oil?
Can you take your children into the liquor store?
What can I make using leeks?
What would be some good party ideas?
Raspberry jelly instead of Strawberry jelly.?
14 year old girls party ideas?
Do you consider alcohol good always, bad always, or just good when done in moderation?
i dont have veg oil for waffle recipe?
In basic shortcrust pastry, what happens if I use wholemeal flour instead of white flour?
Is the number of people addicted to alcohol larger than the number of people that use drugs?
how to make mexican pastel de pollo?
Why should I (anyone) go vegan? --> Diet discussion, all opinions welcome!?
Does alcoholism affect your brain?
Can I get the Salted Caramel Mocha Frappuccino from Starbucks in January?
Commercial Food Policy?
Why do people avoid vegetables?
Have you found a good bubble tea recipe that the average American child likes?
Is there a unhealthy amount of Tea?
What is this bag of chips with pretzels, breadsticks and crips in?
Whats a really easy to make tasty home cooked meal?
Your idea of the perfect cup of coffee?
Do you freeze bread. If so how long does it take to totally freeze a large sliced loaf 800g.?
British tea drinkers?
I want to cook a meat and potato pie in my new slow cooker. will it be OK to put it on a high setting over 4hr?
How old do you have to be to go into a brothel in Australia?
How long can salad stay in the fridge and what are some good salads?
is it okay to eat most food with your hands?
What easy, quick dessert can I make in under an hour with Belgian chocolate?
What is this called? \food basket thingy\?
Do you prefer scotch, or bourbon?
Pros & Cons of green tea?
What can I make with these ingredients?
Does this recipe sound okay?
It ok to eat bacon that's 3 days past it's expiration date?
Can salt get hot enough that it will burn?
If yoohoo is milk,then why can it be sold in boxes not stored in the fridge?
how to have Alcohol without getting caught?
Is getting drunk once a week an alcoholic?
Would you say that you eat healthily?
Why is pork shoulder so inexpensive?
What can I use to thicken juices to make a clear glaze for fruit flans?
2 lbs of chuck roast for $2?
Do I have to use the same amount of unsweetened chocolate as of cocoa powder?(Making Chocolate Cake)?
I down six light beers like nothing?
What should I charge for my home made cakes?
mediterranean five course valentines meal?
Do I have to use the same amount of unsweetened chocolate as of cocoa powder?(Making Chocolate Cake)?
What vegetarian foods should U be careful not to over eat for the sake of good health ?
Is the cinnamon challenge dangerous?
Does tea still stain your teeth if you have milk with it?
Need help on brand of cigs?
Favorite Blizzard flavor?
how old do you have to be to legaly but wine cooler drinks?
Should i quit caffeine forever? Sick almost everytime after I consume it?
want to make something fast vegetarian?
What are the dangers of eating only healthy foods, such as;?
What is the most disgusting food you can think of?
HAS ANYONE TRIED MAKING CREME OF POTATOE SOUP WITH MINCE ONIONS?
You have learned you cannot scramble eggs in a toaster oven?
can you buy kimchi in stores?
I've got potatos,bacon and a little milk, can I make a soup?
how is coca cola made if no one knows the recipe?
how to make artificial banana cake?
Can you cook with the vines of tomatoes?
Do you prepare your coffee maker the night before so you don't have to deal with it in the morning (lol)?
How healthy is almond milk and is good for weight loss?
Did, or do, the Chinese eat shrimp?
Should we thank Obama for making it possible to eat After Eight before eight?
Can you freeze bananas?
can anyone help me find food that is..?
I'm Italian and have a question about red rice can someone help me!?
What can I mix with natural yogurt ?
What is the best meal plan for the family Christmas and Thanksgiving?
BIG MAC LOVERS! WHAT SHOULD I CALL MY IDEA FOR THE BIG MAC?
Is this ground beef 95%,97%,85%,80% lean ?
What is the best way to cook muskrat?
Why do I taste chlorine in everything?
What is the name of this recipe and is it complete?
Anyone? Please teach me how to make an onion juice?
Need a spinach dip recipe?
where to buy fish sauce in US stores?
Help I'm addicted to eating granola, raspberries, strawberries and organic vanilla yogurt?
Can ALL cookie doughs be *either* flattened & cut -or- cooked as tiny balls of dough?
What's a normal price for Louis Kemp imitation snow crabs?
is it okay to eat red meat?
can you list all the food i can make with an easy bake oven?
I want to make a chicken sandwich spread but I don't want to use meyo can I use salad dressing instead?
Pain in upper stomach and shoulders after drinking smoothies/juice?
I can't eat. Always full?
Can i make a recipe of whipping cream and vanilla for the filling of some mini tarts?
Iam Vegan(no eggs no milk). But my Dog need Meat.?
Can you use ground chicken for chicken nuggets?
Is Chai the Best Tea?
Recipes for Fish stew/soup?
Coffee made me tired, how do I get untired?
Can you substitute eggnog for milk in cereal?
Does Meadowlea margarine have to be stored in the fridge?
I'm a weird kind of drunk...is anyone else like this...please explain?
what does analyse the nutritional information on a loaf of bread or breakfast cereal mean???
Is there a difference between the CE4 e-shisha pen and the eGo CE4 e-shisha pen?
why do people drink alcohol or smoke?
What are some good games/activities for a 13 year olds birthday party?
Which bread has less gluten: white bread or whole wheat bread?
Why do some recipes call for a combination of crushed tomatoes and tomato sauce?
is it normal to act drunk after drinking an energydrink...?
I make tea and it tastes nothing.?
Vegetarian meals and recipe ideas?
Throwing a Valentine's Day dinner party for 8 and I'm looking for menu options?
Does the middle part of an apple contain any nutrients?
How is this restaurant called?
What good does Karela juice do?
are raw oats good for you?
are raw oats good for you?
course related to cooking?
When you cook, do you use the same spoon that you cook with to taste the food?
Why are the oat and banana cookies soggy?
Defrosted chicken in microwave.. is it safe to go back info fridge!?
What gift should I give to this girl at a dinner party?
Easy Malaysian food recipes?
Put unopened broth (chicken or beef) in the fridge?
Creamy bacon sour cream garlic buttery potato soup?
what culture has the best vegetarian food?
Cheapest organic sake in NYC?
Best friend's birthday is this month and i need ideas to make it a special day. Any ideas?
What does chicken broth smell like?
Which are healthier, fresh or dry herbs?
What is the proper terms for different smells?
Why do 7-11 convenience stores always smell like body odor?
How many cups are in 12 ounces of cheese?
who supplies macdonalds soft drinks?
I want to give some custom wine labels to my dad. what should they say?
How many people are having problems with pur pitcher filters.?
How to structure your night of drinking?
Best tea to keep throat healthy?
I am 18 but don't have an id, how can I buy dip?
As a busboy under the age of 18 can I clean a table with empty bottles and glasses?
Are there any protein bar products that are sugar free?
I would like know what is your favorite customized Starbucks drinks?
Are there any department stores that sell sugar free hazelnut spread?
My mother found my alcohol?
what is the nutritional content of bread, cooked meats and breakfast cereals?
what is a tonic gym card?
Whos drinking excessive amounts of alcohol right now?
how to use rose shaped cake mould?
Pizza Hut Will Start Selling by the Slice: Do You Prefer Pizza by the Slice or by the Box?
What other Malaysian food is good to eat?
How many variations Malaysian laksa have?
whats so bad about me dipping underaged?
What brand is really good for Keurig Vue cups?
What do you think about Heinz baked beans?
Substitute for Ramekins?
burger king recipes help?
how do i apply for a job at buffalo wild wings in laurel ms?
What will be good with Chicken Ramen?
Would orange juice mixed with white wine taste awful?
Everytime I cook steak it turns out wrong!?
Where can I shop for budget friendly grocery? Asda? Tesco? Sainsburys?
I'm hypocrite if I'm vegan but I feed my dog with meat?
I'm starting to eat organic foods - is this best for me?
Protein body associated with stroage of strach gain in spiro gyra is called?
bugrer king recipes help?
what are the drinks i can order in starbucks that are coffee based?Please give me the list...thank you?
a question about smoking cigarettes?
How to get familiarized with the cash register?
I want to eat a traditional American meal/staple diet Any recipes?
How long does it take to completely digest IN-N-OUT burgers?
What would item would you remove from a vending machine? With what would you replace it?
what is the best food preserver?
What are my different options for making a twelve ounce or larger, prefer 16 oz.coffee? Prefer it to be quick.?
I eat food strangely?
Should i smoke weed tonight?
Whey protein gain bodyweight?
good turkish recipes!?!?
What are some good cheap cigars?
Where can I find websites of Chinese fortune cookies factories?
what vegetables thicken, add flavour or add colour?
I have got some pork chops for tea. Looking for a new recipe idea. Any suggestions?
examples of fruit vegetables?
what kind of food do they have in turkey?
what vegetables have pulses?
What are some good recipes for Christmas Eve Dinner and Christmas Day?
Ideas for extra sweet ingredients for a muffin recipe?
Would a bottle of vodka start a house fire??????
I have homemade filo dough that I haven't rolled or stretched into sheets yet?
butter soft and spreadable AND COLD?
How to check that bread and fillings are fit for purpose?
which are the best snacks and soft drinks?
what should i try at my local chinese food take out restaurant?
If I drink 2 Beers Back to back (Fast) how many hours as a estimate will it take to leave my blood Stream?
is tobacco brownies possible?
Why do Americans like beef? I can't gnaw away it at all! Why can Americans' teeth do that?
Where can I find sushi and bento outlets in Dubai?
How many Sushi outlets exist in Dubai?
Ideas or suggestions for cake recipe?
Names of cake ingredients?
How good are bento restaurants in UAE?
What's your favourite food to cook?
Which are the best sushi bars in Dubai?
What is your favorite cookie flavor?
Which restaurants offer free delivery of sushi in UAE/Dubai?
how long will Alcohol be in my \BLOOD\ if i drink 1 beer?
Should I buy pepperoni from the deli at the grocery store? Or from a butcher shop?
Can anyone help in finding eateries that offer sushi takeaways?
Where are sushi restaurants located in Dubai?
I have 2 unopened bottles of creme de menthe bottled in France by garnier liqueurs.How can I find there value?
is drinking alcohol as bad as smoking and if so why is it not treated in the same way as smoking?
Will 2 bottles(1 litre) of wine get me drunk?
india basmati rice grains,are they not usually white?
What is tres leches cake supposed to taste like?
How much nicotine is in White Ox rolling tobacco?
what effect does pandan leaves have on food ?
Can you brew 1 gallon of kombucha in a 5 gallon glass container?
How do you know if you are alcoholic or not ?
How long should I cook this chili in a crock pot with canned beans?
reeses no bake dessert?
Reeses no bake dessert?
Tips or advice for first time drinkers and getting drunk?
What happens to a body that's usually consuming soda's if he quits drinking them for a month?
Why do we bake cookies yet cook bacon?
Have you tried the 'Terra' exotic potato blend?
What sound system to get for an ice cream parlour?
Some good foods to try?
Can I drink the Naked fruit juice a day later? Not refrigerated... But not opened...?
Is it true that you don't absorb as much nutrients when you eat finely chopped soup?
What is the difference between codiene and hydrocodiene?
Foods not in the U.S.?
In the kitchens of IHOP, Denny's, Perkins...?
what happens if you eat a dead clam?
Good juices/sodas to mix with high proof alcohol? (Bacardi 151)?
how do i know im eating healthy enought what shouldd i eat to be a healthy person?
Foods not found in the U.S.?
What is a recipe for skillet lasagna with shrimp?
how do I train myself to not drink soda/pop?
What else can I use alfredo sauce for besides for pasta and pizza?
Buck naked e cig won't charge?
i accidently put 2/3 instead of 1/3 oil?
what can I add or eat with beef jerky to make it more delicious ?
Difference between Indian vegetarianism and Western Vegetarianism?
Candy question. - 6+ years ago (candy you burn over a flame)?
Which argument do you agree with more?
Did Lemongrass Restaurant in San Bernardino CA close?
Please READ! My Kitchenaid Pasta set didn't come with a part?!?
Should I leave my recovering alcoholic boyfriend?
I want my cookies to spread just like Subway Cookies, what should I do?
On an episode of chopped, a chef made a dessert called \Dragon Balls\?
List of healthy foods to cook?
Which TV show would go best with...?
Why is yahoo hiding veganism? Look.?
Can you have strawberitas at beer only locations?
Could I open a cafe and have it be a hookah bar at night only?
what does 40% alcohol by volume mean?
How to keep awake after a all nighter?
Is vanilla extract necessary for making peanut butter fudge?
Why aren't there more vegan/vegetarian activist petitions?
I need help with a Hamilton Beach Coffee Maker?
Spices dream meaning?
17th birthday party suggestions?!?
What stores sell German food?
dog treats home made?
How do to cook a pork shoulder with a dry rub slow and low in the oven?
Is it harmful to drink urine?
Home made dog treats?
Home made dog treats?
why do drunk!!!!!! shots?
What your favorite thing to eat to make you feel better?
Help with a French dessert for my class?
Can I use all-purpose flour instead of self-raising flour?
Is Quorn healthy for you?
A good first alcoholic beverage?
What is your favorite and least favorite vegetable?
HELP SUPER EASY QUESTION~?
Tea is god for health or bad ??
Shots vs Coke and Alcohol?
Does anyone really prefer ground turkey to beef?
Am I safe to drink alcohol after having taken cough syrup a while ago?
Need advice please im scared?
Does anybody know the name of this grill?
what should i do when my cats turn away from their regular canned foods.They do eat science diet dry food .?
Is my brother stupid for spending 12 dollars on maple syrup?
i want a grill that turns around by its self but i dont know whats it called?
Can you make cookies out of Quaker Instant Oatmeal?
Creative Snack? 10 Points for Best Answer?
Why are drugs referred as high, and alcohol is referred as \drunk?
does weed not mix with me?
how to make a strong perfum?
True or False? You eaten Tuna Fish Sandwich for breakfast?
What's teas are safe to drink while pregnant?
Is it ok if I drink one soda a day?
Please help me! I need food?
what time do house parties usally start?
Can you refrigerate frozen vegetables after cooking them?
What's your favorite american food?
What's your favorite american food?
what soda should i drink?
If I loose my starbucks card will my stars be registered on my new one?
Can an alcoholic go sober after years of drinking without detox and hospitalization?
I didn't like the ice cream, what are other things I can do with it..?
Should an alcoholic be blamed for his/her problem or are they sick just like a diabetic or blind person?
How can I avoid eating to much on Christmas and Thanksgiving?
Do you think schools should make more effort to cater for vegetarins and vegans?
where can I buy Pink dreams cigarettes in the UK?
Commercial Home Astronaut Icecream maker?
marinated steak has white goop?
Why does Yahoo answers hide the \Vegetarian & Vegan\ section now?
Chefs/Great Cooks: can I use fruit leather in my recipe that calls for raisins? I am all out of raisins.?
what is a thin cut steak that begins with the letter b. i saw it in acme?
Advice! How do you tell somebody you don't want to go out or drink?
What are the simple methods of cooking rice ?
How to cook fish without baking?
How long does cocaine stay in your system?
how do lactic acid fermintation and alcoholic fermentation differ?
Does turkey wings cook the same as chicken wings?
14th birthday ideas ?
Is there LL Bean store in Singapore?
-poll- How funny is the beer commercial below?
How many people should i invite to a dance party?
Any good books for cocktail recopies? Links Please.?
Great simple meal ideas?
Do you have to boil Textured soy protein?
should a human drink milk meant for suckling piglets?
best all you can eat buffet in the south of UK?
Will wine look funny in the bottle if watered down a bit?
What do vegan members of PETA feed their dogs?
Why has iceberg turned tissue red?
Help please, this question is about cooking... Help?
I need a SUPER easy shepherd's pie recipe for at least 6 people. Help! Quick!?
Bought food and I need help.?
Whats your favorite coldstone combination?
Who ever said these were good?
Differences between Croatian and Russian cuisine?
How to show you are 21 when out clubbing?
Does hummus go bad overnight ?
what if i ate some pieces of raw chicken?:(?
What Foods are uniquely specific to the Area you Live In?
What is the best coffee?
What meal do you like more American Chop Suey or Chinese Pie ?
Need Help With 21st Birthday Ideas?
Why are burgers so unhealthy?
Why do people say humans are top of the food chain?
What is a quality but affordable humidor?
inbetween reciepe for dinner-not super fatty, but not healthy nut?
Does Sams Club or Costco sale cake mix?
what to do when you added to many hot spices and pepper?
How do I cook mini meatballs?
Im 54 200 pounds if I have 4 glasses of wine How Long will it take to get out of blood and urine ?
Question about lard in chips?
What is your favorite Thai food?
Can Chinese people drink tap water in the United States?
How does beer gets different colors?
Where can I find this kind of curry to go on fries in America?
Can you get the middle out of a stokers can lid like you can a Copenhagen lid?
Should the drink in age be lowered to 18?
where to buy everclear in new jersey?
How to get out of a party?
Do I need to increase time or temperature when cooking two 13 x 9 cakes together?
Does Coffee TRULY Stunt Growth? Medical Evidence Please?
recipe calls for tub of Knorr stock - but our stores do not carry it. What can be used in place of?
How to show you are 21 when out clubbing?
What is the ingredient in bottled smoothies that is so toxic?
how do you stop ants from being interested in climbing into the sugar container ?
Is this a good fish batter?
What chocolate chip dessert should I bake?
What is a cool product name for zucchini brownies?
I need your help! :(?
What would be a good potato chip flavor?
some cheap vegan recipes?
Which is closer to soft brown sugar?
what should i eat for lunch and dinner?
Does jello work just as good?
What's the best flavour for a fondant iced cake?
Is it best to separate cooked rice from sauce in a lunchbox?
can sniffing candy harm you in any way?
is it ok to drink half and half as a treat?
I drank a half bottle of white rum...didn't feel a thing?
How to make your own beer?
Should i drink apple juice or mtn dew?
Why do people hate custard doughnuts?
Converting whole wheat flour to white flour?
Has anyone tried using milk in a Ghiradelli brownie mix?
why do i feel like i got run over by a train?
URGENT!!! self-rasing flour and plain flour ?
How much shortening instead of canola?!?
A question to the all the cookers out there! Can you recommend me a recipe for green soup, I will be very than?
Anyone who works at Costa Coffee, how does booking days off work?
Birthday 'Party' Ideas for a 17 year old guy?
Hi this is on muffin recipes with apple sauce instead of sugar , please ~?
14 year old birthday party girl ideas? With lots of people so nothing can be expensive?
strawberry shortcake recipe?
Which culture comes to mind when you think of people eating weird foods?
How long does it take to make cupcakes?
Can you make lasagne with sprinkled grated cheese instead of cheese Sauce/ Answer quick please?
What are some reasons to go vegan?
What do snacks with gluten in them do to you?
What spices are these?
Does it have a smell? Does water have a flavour (pure water, not mineral water)?
Opinions about moderate drinking?
What do I do with a gallon of In 'n' Out real ice cream mix?
how much raw meat do I feed my st Bernard per day?
Are you good with pasta?
Can Zojirushi Bread Machine To Make Whole Wheat Bread?
What do fridge settings West, W, N, C mean and which is the coldest?
what is this african vegetable par something called?
How to cook raw poultry?
A woman is trying to make sweet tea, but she just can’t seem to get it sweet enough.?
What foods are high in saturated fat?
support alcohol or weed ? and why ?
Is there any difference between how the caffeine in coffee and tea are absorbed by the body?
have you ever tried peanut butter with scrambled eggs?
Can you suggest me some muffin flavors?
Hi, this is for muffin recipes please ,?
how much does a gallon of water weigh?
Can I eat out of date Quorn?
If you had to each chicken for 7 days, how would have it?
so vegans....? (20 characters)?
How long does Sweet Baby Ray Honey BBQ last in the fridge after opening?
Can I mix frosting in cookie dough batter?
Going vegan on a budget?
recipe of rice with goat we called matchubos?
What cigarette is beige/light brown?
Name of flower shaped butter cookies?
what is exactly is the Coca and pepsi cola war ?
What Do You Eat For Your Breakfast ??
How many grams are n a ounce of cocaine?
Can you use the myrtle tree berries to make pink gin?
Do food and drink labels have to say what sweeteners they contain?
Why is there so much prejudice against vegetarianism?
Why does coffee help my upset stomach?
Banana bread left uncovered overnight?
Why is the first bit of a pizza slice cold?
Need help with topping up?
how much for these items from morrisons?
Where do I buy crab roe (the ones used in california maki) in Cebu City?
Would a vegan eat cloned meat wgich involves no death of an animal?
Can a bottle of wine get u drunk? 12.5%?
Chicken breast crockpot recipes for a single person?
What are chappit tatties and mashed neeps?
simple chicken and sweetcorn recipe's?
what is your favorite food that is made with cheese?
What are the What are the derivativesbechamel sauce?
What are some good sauces to add to your salad to enhance the flavour?
have had surgery I have to have sugar free yogurts where can I buy then live in the south of England thanks?
Do cooked Hot Pockets get spoiled in 7 hours?
what do I wear to my dave and busters orientation?
Why is nesquik strawberry milk so addicting?
What is the weight in grams of 1/4 tsp salt? 0.7 g. or 1.5 g?
I'm starving. What can I make with this?
What do you want to buy in Thailand?
Creative name of sushi delivery?
Apple Cupcake Recipe?
What is the worst additive in monster energy drinks?
Used too much shortening in my batch of bread. What will happen?
Is it possible to bake bread without yeast?
Baskin Robbins age requirement - Australia?
What size round cakes would I need for this many people...?
How much bi-carb should i add to cabbage when boiling it?
Do a lot of people really drink Folgers?
Is this an unhealthy breakfast/lunch?
How long will a cosco cake last?
How old do you have to be to buy cigs in texas?
Is kitkat greentea japan halal?
why am I less hungover after eating before sleeping?
can you become addicted to monster energy drinks?
I have recipies for chicken that use the following measurements. 6 cups, 8oz 1 pound, 2 breasts?
What do you call that chicken in a sausage shape?
I was making pancakes?
Is THIS frowned upon?
Coffee pod machine with timer?
How do I make agar from scratch?(from dried seaweed)?
how bad are cigars for your cadio/stamina?
food service classification?
what do I do after I throw up from drinking?
what can i replace rice and potatoes with in meals?
How do you analyse the nutritional infrmation on each packet and compare it to the RDA?
What can you use bread and butter pickles for besides sandwiches?
Do eateries deliver sushi in Dubai?
best cheapest alcohol for getting you drunk?
How do you flip a pancake?
how many times a week do you cook from scratch?
How many & what restaurants deliver bento in Dubai?
How about orange fruits, pineapple and mango is this not allowed to eat for acidic ?
what is 25stones 3 and a quarter lbs minus 24stones 7and a half lbs?
What spices or vegan/gluten free foods are good with corn grits?
What spices or vegan/gluten free foods are good with corn grits?
What spices or vegan/gluten free foods are good with corn grits?
What spices or vegan/gluten free foods are good with corn grits?
Do restaurants offer bento in UAE?
Going to drink alcohol for the first time. $40. What would you recommend I drink?
the whole process of making processed cheese?
Where can one get good sushi in Dubai?
can i drive 4 hours after drinking 2 shots?
Difference between cabernet sauvio and siraz?
What can I make for a dessert with these ingredients?
Can i contnue drinking coca-cola? what is happen to me?
This OR That Food Survey?
why biscuit stored in cool and dry place?
Apple tart recipe request cooking apples halves slowly adding more slowly?
Vegan who does not care about animal rights??????
What are some stores that make cakes with pictures on them?
Stomach ache whenever I eat starch or fibre?
what wine will get you the most drunk??10ptzbest?
What should I do when I disagree with my chef/ don't want to do the thing he asks me to do, if I am a cook?
What's it like for you when you are half asleep?
When you eat chutney with cheese, do you put both on a cracker? Or what?
How long do I put a Pizza Hut medium pizza in the oven for?
How to make pancakes?
is cooking on a electric indoor Grill healthy?
need a theme for an extravagant 1st birthday party for a baby boy.?
Is this champagne still drinkable?
How much alcohol for a party?
where did this rumor of Red Lobster start?
What are some good reasons to be vegetarian?
spam masubi? What is the best sauce?
Milo's Tea, strange smell?
Does anyone know fruit cake recipe?
Can you use a silver teapot to boil water?
Good smoothie recipe?
comforting dinner for 1 under $15 that doesn't take long to prepare?
What is a simple dish from URUGUAY?
Keurig has a weak water stream when using reusable K-Cup?
How do you make a split in bread?
Do pre-cooked hot dogs have bacteria in them?
Honesty, what is the real difference between Grits, Hominy, and Polenta?
I'm buying an shisha hookah pen and I wanted to make sure of something.?
Making tea with loose leaves.?
Have I had a healthy day?
Sweet Sixteen Bonfire Party Ideas?
my yogurt sat out for 4 hours, will it be fine to eat?
Where can i find caffeine free Dr. Pepper?
How to get weed underage in Breckinridge colorado?
What kind of red wine would you recommend?
So I drink roughly about 50 redbulls a week. I have drink about 8 today and I'm sleepy. Why?
Can you make a beer without hops?
Where can I find the INGREDIENTS list for Starbucks drinks?
I need minced garlic but got chopped?
How do you make vegan chocolate?
How many calories in homemade whole wheat bread?
I'm going to cook for this girl but I need help?
is cooked onion good when cooked on stove would put it in the oven but doesnt work?
Do I have to refrigerate this homemade snack?
Easy non bake recipe?? :)?
What's the least amount of money you can spend on groceries per month and still eat great meals that you c?
How do you know when it's ok to use water instead of stock?
are there any waffle makers that make waffles like ego waffles?
What to do after eating cookie dough?
What are 3 most common methods used for mixing quick breads? I thought there was 1 muffin method?
How do I raise the pH of orange juice?
How to become more mellow and chilled?
Can you drink two instant carnations in a day?
Soy lecithin how does it work?
How to impress a girl at a dinner party?
._. Am I a hypocrite?
Whipped/ Heavy cream instead of egg white?
I drink 49 RedBull a week. What could happen to me?
Are already dead animals used for slaughter?
Vegans, what herbal/natural remedies do you suggest for an headache?
why is apple called apple?
Why do many people believe shellfish dont feel pain?
what store can I get oolong tea from?
homebrewing in secret?
What is a safe non-cruel company to by meat from?
How do you make edible brownies how much to use?
Where to buy Matcha/maccha green tea powder here in Manila? Someone help me please. :(?
My recipe calls for almond flour, can I replace it with All-purpose flour?
Safe to eat 5-7 day old salmon?
Good Cheap Meal for a Large Group?
Is it ok to drink out of a bottle when lay down on side?
why do people poke the steak?
How can I substitute for cheese flavored crackers in a recipe?
How many people that are requesting a burger would watch while the cow was slaughtered first?
If I mix glacier freeze and lemon lime gatorade together, what will happen?
im an alcoholic. how long does it take for my mind to clear?
Embarrassed won't eat.?
is white bread good for you?
What do you think about vegtables?
Are stock cubes poor quality?
Alcohol drinking and Mixing.?
What Condiment(s) don't you Like?
Kraft cheese had a container free when I bought a package of sliced cheese. Where can i find one now.?
What is the most commonly abused form of alcohol?
How much alcohol does a person drink per day for them to be an alcoholic?
Is alcohol or marijuana more dangerous?
Did I eat too much today?
Why do alcoholics deny they have a problem often?
Kraft cheese had a container free when you bought a package of sliced cheese. Where can i find one now?
Black and Mild cigarillos?
How to make hot chocolate without it tasting bitter?
Opinion on flavored cigars.?
no bake cheesecake refrigerate ?
Can anyone tell me some recipes for my food and nutrition practical?
what to or not to put in a microwave?
my buttermilk, when I buy it is lumpy?
What is a good menu for a dinner party?
Is it illegal to like Aunt Jemima syrup better than Log Cabin syrup?
Can you drink so much water that you become lactose intolerant?
Do you or would you work in a slaughterhouse?
BEST BEER YOU EVER HAD! AND ESTIMATED PRICE?
powerade cordial drinks?
Which Of The Following Drinks Do You Prefer?
What would you include in a childs vegan section of a magazine?
What are your favorite flavors of crisps?
could I make a pound cake out of classic white?
Alternative to edamame and black beans?
where do they still sell Haribo Happy Cola gummies ?
If you are an ex vegetarian or vegan can you answer this?
Cornstarch vs. vegetable oil?
Why do some foods have an unpleasant aftertaste after you eat them?
Can you help me make this healthy rice pudding recipe?
How to package beverages?
Why is it that animals can eat raw meat but humans cannot?
Can anyone tell me what kind of seasoning is on this shrimp?
QUICK: Pizza Hut or Dominoes?
Pink spots in cream cheese.?
is it okay if i take a acid reducer?
Why do people keep telling me that chicken doesn't cook in the microwave?
How much does coca cola cost in your city?
Is there a free site out there that will make a personal meal plan?
I want to make chili with hot curry in large crockpot how much to use from paste?
How to substitute for eggs?
How many people believe there is no alternative to animal protein?
Fun/ different baking ideas?
can u use a deep fryer with jiffy cornbread on chicken?
How is soft serve ice cream made?
What soups do you make ?
What would be a good alternative flour for tomato basil bread.?
looking for an easy recipe for no bake granola balls with oatmeal, no coconut?
can you freeze baked donuts?
Is this an okay meal?!?
What is it like to be high off of pot brownies?
Can I still use a quart of milk and package of chicken that I left out all night?
Can I use instant rice in this recipe?
would you eat sushi/anime?
Can I substitute sour cream with Greek yougurt in a cupcake recipe?
Vegans: How many times have you heard \ its unfair that you are forcing your children to be vegan\?
Do you think this pantry curry would work?
is having 2 drinks a day considered to be a problem drinker?
what is an alchoholic?
can someone help me with a baking substituion equation?
Do spiders and insects feel pain?
Different foods that you can use cooked chicken breasts in?
What spices / foods are good with corn grits?
Fruit and Veggies, what should I eat?
How do you make a Caramel Frappé at home?
What is your favorite vodka brand?
Corn chips vs potato chips?
Is there aromatic hand rolling tobacco in amsterdam ?
What is the cheapest way to get drunk/dizzy in Sweden? Which drink/alcohol is the cheapest per liter?
Is there any alcoholic drink that has NO sour or tart taste WHATSOEVER?
I looking to buy squid ink to use in cooking?
How would you cook a nice meal with turkey tails?
Protein shakes? harmful?
A tablespoon of yoghurt/porridge oats in grams?
How to moisten up pretzel dough?
What do you think about pall mall?
Can I eat prawn crackers I got as a takeaway on Monday night?
What kind of rice do chinese restaurants usually use?
Have I Got Caffeine Poisoning?
Can vegetarians eat fish? If not, who is able to?
How to use \day dots\ in a kitchen?
How far in advance can I make fondant cake decorations?
Tapioca seeds and pearls..confused?
What do you think of vegetarian food?
nicish cheap cigarettes that are sold in the uk?
Can homemade wine contain a harmful amount of methanol?
What's the best tasting coffee you can buy at the supermarket?
I spilt coke in the bottom of my bag, how do i get it to not be sticky?
How long can I keep cooked pasta in the fridge?
Foil wrapper caught on fire in the microwave?
Why are pizzas like sofas?
ive never had a pop tart?
Malted Wheat Berries For Beer?
How much are cokes in McDonalds in ireland?
can i be 13 and smoke a hookah?
chipotle how long for a call back and do they call from the number i left at the interview?
Hi, me and my girlfriend are looking for some British desserts could someone help me out please?
how do vegetarians feel about animals killing us and other animals?
whats an easy recipe for a no bake cheese cake?
How do you keep fried chicken warm if you plan to take it to the beach?
Baking question!! I need to know this now!?
Simple methods of how to season chicken and other meat?
Are baked sweet potato fries healthy?
Help with a vegetarian chili recipe?
give info on icing sugar please?
can I use all-purpose flour when the recipe calls for self - rising flour?
Which Alcoholic drink taste 'Sweet' ?
Any substitute ingredients?
Has my steak gone bad? If so, how could it have?
How to spice up beef flavored ramen?
what are the symptoms of off lamb?
Harlequin Biscuits Advice?
why do women on tv still pronounce the word quinoa keen Wa?
whats the cost of camel snus and skoal snus in PA?
What meals to eat on a hike?
What are some creative ingredients to put in a stir fry?
What fruits, veggies, or cheeses go well with salmon?
Milk out of a glass bottle?
Can you bottle up fresh tap water and keep it for months/years ?
What do Americans eat for lunch and dinner?
Need Ingredients help?
What is the best beer or cider for people who suffer from fructose absorption? Most refined beer is best?
What did the first pizza slice say to the other pizza slice so it would move?
Is drinking two beers every night problematic?
Are there any US online shopping websites that ship certain UK grocery items?
wholemeal bread bun or cereal?
Does anyone know any recipes with Light Brown Self-Raising Flour?
How do you make split pea soup? No ham included!?
What's in some spirits that make you horny .?
Can I make a lemon curd without a ballon whisk?
Can you use white cheese in a cheese pasty?
What problems do you have in the kitchen?
what to eat for dinner? homemade?
What problems do people have with hydration on the move, or problems with keeping hydrated during the day?
Where can I find alfajores Havanna in Toronto?
at what age did you start drinking alcohol?
what food do you eat a lot?
New pop tart flavors?
search for edible cupcake liners?
What foods should I buy? Since no one in my house cooks.?
300 person wedding cake for $300? Is it possible?
Why do I act like such a retard when I'm drunk?
Is kidney Suet, the soft sweet suet, different than regular beef suet used to feed birds?
Has anyone ever tried flavoring vinegar with nuts? Hazelnut vinegar?
what is mean of Coffee? i mean like, Wanna Coffee?
what is pure sheabutter?
How to cook like a professional chef with out going to school.?
What Should I Make for Breakfast?
Before I make a huge mess.?
Is this a healthy vegan diet plan?
Chocolate chip muffins with frosting?
does plastic cheese actually have plastice in it?
Do you think Nestle Nesquik will taste good or bad when frozen?
How much to charge for my cakes and muffins?
Do i have to make coffee with sugar or without sugar. i am making chocolate cake?
what are some goods and bads for the hamilton beach single serve blender?
what licence is needed for a small business?
What cream do they put in mushroom soup?
Am i the only one who takes candy?
easy buffalo sauce recipe? i live in italy, we don't have frank's and other special seasonings...?
can i really get a buzz off of nutmeg?
High carb and High or medium fat?
What to make with lemon juices?
What can I make from chickpeas?
what is the point of drinking decaf?
What do people have against PETA ?
How many calories in a black coffee latte?
What are the benefits of drinking hot water with honey in morning?
Am I an alcoholic or what.?
What to have with minted lamb chops?
Could I make alcoholic drink from bottled fruit juice and yeast?
i have a microwave with microwavem convection, bake buttons. Can i grill chicken in that ?
Do you like Sauerkraut?
Can someone make a good amount of money in the sesame oil business?
Smokers: Do you enjoy the habit and feel its worth the risk?
advantages of sauteing?
What is the national fruit of Bangladesh?
How to make hummus at home?
Is HFCS same as Liquid Glucose?
Where can I find honey mustard dipping sauce?
Is it possible to start fixing pasta ahead of time?
Re: Roasting a 2 lb preflattened, marinated flattened chicken?
Need any info on pescatarians?
What foods are easy to digest?
What's your favorite cuisine?
What do you prefer hot or cold foods?
When was the last time you ate mushrooms?
Who does the cooking in your house?
What Do You Drink in the Morning?
Are these gummy bears vegetarian?
Tuna question having to do with Japan's nuclear meltdown?
cooking pork shoulder ..is pink okay?
What's a good way to end a speech about cooking?
What Kind Of Tea Do I Drink To Have A Misscarriage ?
How long does it take for 1 standard drink to completely leave ur body?
Creative and vintage coffee shop names?
My friend just threw up all over my popcorn!!!!?
Is there a way a music venue can sell beer and still be all ages for certain nights?
everyone smokes weed except me?
Low-Carb Gluten-Free bread?
Some Healthy Meal ideas?
Just wondering how much water ya have to drink to kill yourself?
What is the least I should know about Turkish cuisine?
how can i punish my hungover girlfriend?
Do you like the name \Blue Wagon Grill\ for a food truck?
Vegan help Please!!!?
What are some natural diet sodas without aspartame?
Why do so much people think drinking young is bad?
Can I use bottle water to cook with?
Do you think this is good deal at a pizzeria for students that go to the college that's across the road?
Using Almond milk for pancakes.?
Decorations for a divergent party?
What causes the stove top enamel burn around stove elements?
converting ounces to lbs?
will bigelow tea make you pop on a piss test?
Have you made Curry Cauliflower in ready made sauce?
1 Cup of Coffee? Anything negative at all?
alcohol-drinking question?
what nuietrents are in radishes?
What's some fruity names?
Eating After Eight before eight is so fancy. Isn't it?
Why are hot dogs sold in packs of ten when hot dog buns are sold in packs of eight.?
3 lb. turkey half breast at 325 degree oven?
Easy deep fried mushroom batter?
is it normal to hate milk?
how much is .8oz bottle?
I'm a new vegetarian, and i have some questions?
Black things in raspberries?
Food: Chinese: What sauce can you make to pour over steamed pork ribs?
How long does it take to make weed butter?
Black things in raspberries?
Why has my pizzeria slowed down so much?
Do I need a stainless steel pot or skillet to cook alcohol on the stovetop?
What is your favorite Chinese take out order?
Where to buy a glass bong in a store?
what are some dinner ideas? longest answer will recieve ten points.?
Are there any vegetarians that will wear fur?
Chicken is still raw after 40 min in oven?
What all do vegetarians eat?
Does anyone know where i can buy \Moreos\?
what brand is Martha stewards oven on 'Martha bakes'?
I was making myself a ham sandwich and ended up with a shelf?? What do I do?
American snacks/candy to send to a friend in Japan?
How to get snake wine?
What kind of snacks can I make?
How many hits can I take with 1 g of weed?
Why doesn't my roast meat gravy ever turn out ok?
How long would you keep a leftover curry for in the fridge?
Ham or Cheese? which is your favorite out of the those two?
How long after drinking can I take ibuprofen?
Is it a good idea to eat weed brownies on the first day of school?
Healthy breakfast foods?
How would you fix a Small Roast Beef (1 person)?
help.. My fiance is an alcoholic?
I love beets and I need some recipes with beets and pasta?
Why do many people think vegetarians eat fish?
Is it bad to keep vodka in a plastic water bottle?
My mum is an alcoholic! am I deppresed because of it?
Questions about vegetarianism?
I know vegans would not wear pearls but-?
Will my tea and pills go bad in the cold?
Morning, eat small tomatoes it?
Where can I buy mead near Birmingham, AL?
Why isn't corn pasta more popular?
What are some simple snacks?
Has anyone done this kind of Coke vs. Pepsi taste test before?
21st Birthday Party help?
Does whiskey taste bitter or not?
True or False? You like Cold Pizza for breakfast?
Any help with buying things when going to stores in town?
can you cook pasta in the washing machine?
what candy bar is dry cow?
My hands are shaking?
Can I bake cookies without an oven?
Alternative to hoison sauce? Can I leave it out?
How long will stuffed peppers last in the fridge?
are bing cherries and black cherries the same thing?
What could be a substitute for this?
What are your top 3 favorite hot sauces?
what can i make for a party at the end of class?
Woud you buy, wear or use ivory, question to all?
Can you put Soda Stream mix in pre-packaged sparkling water?
How long can cake be in the fridge for?
Is Whiskey what kind of alcohol...?
What is your favorite Johnnie Walker LABEL/style to drink ?
Is compassion learned or inate?
What is your Favorite flavor of JAM?
Why aren't kids supposed to drink a lot of wine? Is my story normal?
Is there any cultural rejection on food trucks?
Is it okay to give my vegetarian girlfriend some meat?
A COTTAGE ROLL> HOW DO I I PREPARE THE PORK TO MAKE ONE ?
Tasty recipes for dieters?
Is there proof soy sauce go bad if you ignore the ´refrigerate after opening´ label?
By cutting vegetables and storing them, will they lose their nutrients?
what are the real reasons to add ham or bacon slices to beans and call it pork and beans?
King Hawaiian or Sourdough bread bowl?
Somebody offered to cook you dinner?
What is a good thing I could cook?
16th birthday party ideas?
How old is Dr Pepper the drink?
Isn't a chicken egg like a human egg?
What is your favorite FRUIT covered or combined with CHOCOLATE ?
What are the vegetarian 'rules '?
How do you feel whenever you bite into a York Peppermint Patty?
Does anyone here know how to make mustard oil? Do you use the seeds or powder?
How to handle mean/extremely uneducated meat eaters?
What is your favorite drink?
what is 21 minus 8 3/4?
How to make chicken in pan without it coming out dry?
What would happen if someone ate a chunk of wasabi?
What's the best Wine for the first time drinking Alcohol?
how long does 1 teaspoon of senna work? please helpppp?
How many people like Chesters flamin hot popcorn or hot fries?
my recipe calls for baking soda and baking powder I only have the baking soda?
how to make a chicken good?
What is the best way to sneak alcohol into a place where they don't have any?
As the western world eat too much protein where does all that excess protein go?
What are the foods that can make you taller?
Is this fish poop in the can of sardines I just opened?
A good cook book never gets out dated?
how long cane corsos be alone for?
What would be the right size for a zig zag rolling machine for joints?
Anemic! Can someone provide me with Anemia daily diet plan? recipes? like a monthly/weekly plan?
Anemic! Can someone provide me with Anemia daily diet plan? recipes? like a monthly/weekly plan?
Will this eggplant parm recipe help me lose weight?
How to become a Butcher?
need a list of salt free foods and low salt foods?
if you could eat one food for the rest of your life what would it be?
Not reveiving TIPs at work.?
What's your opinion?
Need some help with my baking ideas?
High on random plant???
Is white bread technically wheat bread?
How does the toxic waste candy from england or something taste like?
How can you drink with a \bad drunk\?
which cookies do you prefer. peanut butter or chocolate chip?
Does our diet affect us emotionally, spiritually and mentally?
What are the best known Vietnamese food?
Why do we drink more alcohol at Christmas then other times of the year?
where in the uk can i get bean boozled?
in order to make extremely strong and powerful cold brew coffee concentrate, would it be absolutely?
Does toasting bread affect the colorie count ?
what is the process of making bread?
Rose Wine before School?
opinions on thai food?
Tobacco in effects or mind relax in powder?
Tobacco in effects or mind relax in powder?
can you use a wilton 1m tip on a plastic disposable piping bag?
How come you never see Brown Ale on draught ?
How to make a Mocha Coffee ?
Question for Vegans about getting a flu vaccine?
how come a whole onion shrunk to a Tsp full in a stonewave dish?
What can I use besides ranch dressing?
recipe to make moisture barrier in food?
What do you consider tea?
TEEN(13-18): What is your favourite chocolate?
Is an egg the human equivalent of period/discharge?
besides color is there any differnce between brown and white chicken eggs?
What are some high carb paleo foods/recipes?
Why do I cough harshly when I drink very fizzy drinks?
Eating at 4pm is lunch or dinner?
is it ok to put cake batter in fridger?
Alcohol at 15 with friend?
how long after i stop taking antabuse can i drink?
Is Bhang available in Chennai?
How much grape juice does it take to fail a drug test for alcohol?
Why don't vegans eat eggs?
Does a diet high in meat consumption cause aggression?
why do mccoys crisps have less crisp in a packet im getting fed up i love mccoys but why is the pack half emty?
What is the best dip around?
Ideas for a starter but not soup???!!!?
whats the best way to avoid a soggy bottom .......?
Does Red Wine keep after the bottle has been opened?
Was My Drink Spiked on my Night Out?
How can I make a thick and creamy mac & cheese?
I have a bottle of Scotch. How do I sell it?
Small Shrimp dinner ideas?
Cake And Frosting Idea?
How to cook pickled pig trotters?
In asian families, new mothers are forbidded to eat salad, why.?
I need a reciepe for creamy scalloped potatoes for 25 to 50 people.?
Any special dish for new mothers and why different from usual food?
Why the chinese celebrate new mother with pig trotters soup?
My chinese coworker brought to work a pickled pig trotters dish. Apparently is their traditional dish?
Can I buy this piece for my blender?
Can i drink milk if i am vomiting?
How to cook pork jowl?
Where can I buy Sea Cucumber in the UK?
will pouring plain yogurt over simmered meat make a mess?
You have heard the phrase \ as strong as an ox\?
what's better for making garlic butter pasta garlic butter or garlic and butter?
People which one you like ?
Can you have a beer on unsupervised probation?
The most difficult food to find?
I have an aphobia to ketchup ?
Why do i always get hungry at about 2 am in the morning?
how many liters are in 1 gallon?
can you make pasties using a jus-rol puff pastry sheet?
What is the lowest calorie alcoholic drink?
Can you eat something two days after its posted expiration date?
what kind of whiskey did Gen.Grant drink?
can you telll me how i can prepare my c.v in the level of b.com?
Why can't I cut cheese?
Need advice about dealing with my co workers (meat-eaters)!?
is there a way to make tomato sauce that is less acidic?
Does anyone know about any smart-shop to buy magic mushrooms?
Where do i find these chocolate molds?
I am looking to buy a frying pan, any good reccommendations?
Why do i always get hungry during the night?
is there any blogs or websites that tell you herbs recipes to heal sickness and wonders?
whta is your favorite food to eat everyday?
Regretful things youve said under the influence to the opposite sex?
10 POINTS QUICK: help me out with these grammar mug shot sentences...?
Has anyone ever been to Joe's Crab Shack?
I recently acquired chickens from the biolgy part of my university. Can I feed it chicken nuggets?
How much is my coke bottle worth?
Which cola have better taste among cocacola and pepsi?
what is kokomo American food and vending phone number?
Is it OK to microwave a brown paper bag?
Can you get someone to buy cooking alcohol for you if you can't prove you're of legal drinking age?
Nail in my pizza. What should i do?
Can i use sweetened cocoa powder instead of unsweetened coca powder?
Coffee, Tea, or both?
My blood pressure reduces to normal from high after a glass of alcohol so does this mean alcohol is healthy?
I'm having a 13th beach party need help?
Can I melt chocolate in the microwave?
Easy recipes for Tyson Chicken tenderloins?
WHAT 'S YOUR CHICKEN RECIPE?(Chicken) Easy 10 ! FAST NEEDED.?
what is Lebrons favorite gum?
Does microwaving for 2 5 minutes same as 1 10 minutes?
how do you store hard boiled eggs?
can anyone tell taquilla shot quantity in ml at nightclubs in pune?
With OAMC, how do you know when to cook the meats and when you can freeze raw?
Is alcohol really the most physically destructive psychoactive drug?
Why do you think the box of pizza is square if the pizza is actually round?
best caterer name for our business?
How much to approx. charge for a 300 person wedding cake?
Do you know I still miss Mamma's Borscht.?
Is the tomato sauce used for pasta different in Italy compared to North America?
where to find candy from?
Quinoa Gravy, a viable recipe?
Can i put glass plate in oven ?
whats the alcohol percentage in TGI fridays mudslide bacardi mix?
How long does cocaine stay in your system?
Alcoholics/Former Alcoholics: Am I drinking too much?
Can wild ginger be used for ginger beer?
Using Mold Frying Pans?
how do they cook in Canada?
How long does cocaine stay in your urine?
How could I sell my spaghetti sauce in Quezon City, Philippines?
Bold Pick of the day at Starbucks?
I just bought a shot glass and..?
Help! A recipe for donuts gone wrong.... yet to fry?
How long does cocaine stay in your piss?
Should I eat another pot brownie?
do i need to use cinnamon when making fruity muffins?
My girlfriend doesn’t drink so I need a few alcoholic beverages that are well disguised?
What are some yummy things to eat with basic items at your home?
Is meat pie a junk food?
What foods/drinks do you hate?
why does it say \You need 4294967295 more stars to reach Green Level\ on My Starbucks Rewards?
Food QUESTION I need advice on cooking!!?
How to make e-juice(for vape pens) from whole leaf tobacco?
How many americans eat beef?
Why do people ask vegans and vegetarians where they get their protein?
A 40 oz of bud light?
im depressed what type of foods should i be eating?
What should I name my bong??
What different between bar phone & candybar phone?
question on making fudge?
How to make grape jelly with sweetened grape juice?
Is organic diluted juice bad for you?
What are some good main course Brazilian dishes for lunch?
which tastes better-souffle or lava cake?
Is soul food just country food?
How do you feel about eating meat?
Not getting high of pot brownies?
Where is your favourite Australian wine making region?
how to make passion fruit filling for cake? HELP!?
Please who knows what grocery store sells turkey parts, lamb, steak, goat and pork in Toronto?
Can i do a RSA/RCG course while on bail?
What is this drink called?
Are Flamin'Hot Cheetos addictive lol?
What is this Japanese pastry called?
Is Mazola Corn Oil healthier or Butter?
could I order a hookah pen this way?
HOW TO FERMENT FRUIT WITH OUT ALCOHOL?
FRENCH recipes without heat?
im in sanfrancisco for one night, what are really awesome bars to visit?
I would like to open a golden bowl restaurant, but I don't know who I should contact for help.?
Will putting dry ice in my cocktail make it the ultimate dry martini?
Why is it illegal to drink alcohol in the US under 21?
How do I make ONE cup of coffee with my 8-cup Bodum French Press?
Underage drinking? Getting caught?
Best smoothie recipes?
Good punch recipies for white wine?
Everyone says the LSD gives you brilliant ideas, insights, and epiphanies what epiphanies did LSD give you?
Can you buy Charlie's drinks in America?
What is the logic behind a burp?
What is the healthiest kind of meat to eat?
Basket full of onions sprouting ?
21+What's the drunkest you've ever been??10ptz?
Where can I buy strawberry white chocolate?
When should I pack my lunch?
How Long is Rescue detox ice affective?
I have powderd milk, coffee creamer powder, and milk, how do I make light cream out of what I have?
Is it normal for my Camomile tea to be bitter?
I froze my mushrooms, is it safe?
What is your favorite nonchocolate candy?
Food Engineer and Vegan?
how to make funnel cakes?
At what point does a heavy drinker become an alcoholic?
Can you reuse teabags?
i ate some terrible moldy jack links beef jerky... ITS SOLID WHITE!!!!?
What should I eat more of if I'm a vegetarian?
Are McDs hamburgers supposed to come with mustard?
How to be less than vegetarian?
What would be a good idea for dinner tomorrow out of these options?
Any ideas on what to do with a huge bag of thawed strawberries?
Sugarfree cupcake/cookie recipes?
Where is a Reese candy dog bed in a store and which store is that?
Is it ok to drink opened old wine?
I need advice on some new things to cook?
Starting a vegan diet?
Are these stock cubes any good?
Vegetarian... help please..?
WHAT ARE AUSTRALIAN FOODS?
Was it the alcohol? (Non stop throwing up)?
Is there a beer that tastes similar to Little Kings?
Just took 1300mg dxm hbr, what should I expect?
Is veganism the right choice?
What is your Favorite Homemade Salad Dressing?
Where can i buy tamarillos in salt lake city??? 10 points for just an answers?
What's cheaper? Ordering dominos pizza on sale or getting groceries every week?
Where can i buy tamarillos in salt lake city??? 10 points for just an answers?
Any ideas for a Sweet 16 Birthday party?
How addictive is aspartame and what are it's health effects?
my 20 pound dog ate a whole dark chocolate bar w/ 72% cacao. The bar is total 3.5oz. what should I do?
True or False. You like Eggplant Pizza?
What is the best beer or cider for people who suffer from fructose absorption? Most refined beer is best?
Ole Smoky Moonshine Cherries?
How to make easy chicken alfredo?
are Oreos chocolate flavor?
Across. 3. this mixing method is used for pastries and biscuits. w????i? 5. a common mixing method requires?
Cupcake/cookie recipes with these ingredients?
Could I put milk in the carafe of my programmable coffee maker?
Does this sounds like a really weird dinner?
how is it best to store ground roast coffee after opening? airtight glass jar/hermetic glass jar or?
can someone tell me what this is?
How much protein should I take?
I cant make myself stop eating any ideas to help?
What to put in my rice with shrimp?
I'm 14 and addicted to coffee...?
Creative name for Rock Candy for a dinosaur themed party??
What are some ways I can sneak vegetables into dishes for my husband?
Why am I so bitter all the time?
can you eat eggplant raw?
how do you fix a runny french macaroon mixture?
Which is best brown rice?
What is this little file thing on my filet knife case used for ?
What are some foods that are a complete waste of time to prepare?
What should I make for dinner?
doss the imperial hookah pen leave a smell?
Should I eat this ? lol (x?
Wich one is better for losing weight, green tea, black tea or wihte tea?
Can you dye junior mints pink?
I spilled boiling water on my hands?
What can I make with these ingredients?
What should I add to my rice to make it better?
birthday party ideas for a girl turning 17?
Are spray painted mugs safe?
What is the hindi name of CELERY?
Is my coconut oil normal and fresh?
What happens if I eat unsalted saltine crackers everyday?
Birthday party ideas for a girl turning 17?
Do you abide by the 5 second rule?
if i drink a 3 day old can of root beer (opened) will i die?
Coffee at 6 pm : Will it keep me awake?
Do home soda makers save people money?
Tips on making the perfect gravy?
How you can get Hennessey pure white?
why are my truffles not shiny after i dip in wiltons candy melts. i use very low heat and there is no moisture?
Could I have alcohol poisoning?
Pizza Poll: Do you prefer your pizza slices to be cut into triangles or squares?
how many pieces are in a small pizza?
What is the difference between boiling potatoes in whipping cream and water?
Does anyone love spam like I do? And I prefer eating it cold.?
Rechargeable E Hookah Pens?
Simple lemon butter recipe?
How can you be environmentally friendly when preparing, cooking and serving food?
How much would this cost?
is Heinz full cream chicken soup fattening?
Would putting alcohol in body midst make it stronger?
What do you get when you brew beer without hops or another bittering agent?
If i drunk a fizzy drink after wine will it make me more drunk?
Is Tuna & Sweetcorn Sandwiches from supermarkets good for you?
what country in the world can you get mineral water directly from your taps?
Feedback on this dumpling recipe please?
What makes a good drinking game ?
Went to eat at sonnys and I got my sandwich and fries in a metal pan. Looked like something You bake in or?
Is it bad to drink moderate amounts of alcohol when young?
is my certified rainforest alliance pineapple gmo?
21st birthday ideas like a stripper?
Is it possible to ping to pong and not pong the ping?
Excuses for not going to a party?
Was there rat urine on my soda can?
My water bottle smelled weird?!?
Can I order my coffee from Dunkin Donuts with half-n'-half instead of with cream?
best place to get ice cream?!?!?
Baja spicy fish tacos recipe wanted?
different British sweets & snacks?
WHAT IS SCOTCH BONNET? IN A FISH CHOWDER RECIPE......?
What does Pork, Bacon, Ham, Alcohol and Haribos taste like?
Poll: What is the fastest way to cook fresh beets?
Getting started on E Hookah Pens?
How many different flavors does Mayfield icecream have?
What should I do at my party?
Hand cut fries at home?
can you die from drinking old water?
Can you drink a soda 7 months after the date printed on the can?
Wondering if anyone knows the recipe for a cracker spread \PIPIAN\ from the DOMINICAN REPUBLIC.?
what does it mean to cook something francaise?
How do you cook a hedgehog?
This is on rice recipes,?
How long does frozen guacamole last?
Carrabba's tomato basil vingarette and lemon butter sauce recipe?
Can you eat sprouted oats if you have a gluten allergy?
can you get food poisoning from coffee?
Can you re-use broth/stock used to reconstitute dried mushrooms?
I dont drink a lot of fluids. What could happen?
What should I eat at Work ( Convenience Store)?
Can I use unsweetened evaporated milk in lemon butter sauce?
Is a Vegan diet the right choice to make for me? PLEASE ANSWER!!?
What is your favorite SUGAR FREE Hard Candy?
Is TOO MUCH veggies bad for you????
what are the basics to making a creamy sauce ??
What liquid will stay down?
Mixing Beer and Tomato Juice?
I am going grocery shopping, what can i buy to make my 7 month old?
How would you feel attending this type of party?
Baking Issues in Gas Oven?
what would I do as nigella Lawson's slave?
What is considered Greek seasoning ?
Is tropicana really a healthy drink?
Better homes and gardens new cookbook 1973 cookie recipe?
Vegetarian to Vegan transition, what to expect?
Why i'm drinking more than 7 letters of water a day what can cause this thing? Thanks?
Nestle Choco Bake ingredients?
Preparing for a night of heavy drinking!?
Whats a good wonton recipe?
Is it normal if I'm 16 and I get drunk maybe once a month (always on parties)?
Can I use strong white flour instead of plain flour to make toad in the hole base?
where can i buy smoking pipes in the defience area?
list four additions that a physician might want to make to a patients chart?
Whats your most favourite 80s song?
I need an easy ratatouille receipe?
when baking bread in a bread machine should I activate the yeast first?
Is a Community Supported Agriculture (CSA) the most cost effective way of getting organic vegetables and fruit?
How can I butt chug Brandy?
Can I cook a pizza from frozen when it only says cook from chilled? It says defrost before cooking?
can i still turkey baster my fry out of the main tank?
anyone used sweet and low instead of Splenda for baking?
What happens if I drink loads of water?
What to do with one avocado?
Can you die if you eat a rubber?
How can I make Kimchi?!?
Should I buy pre-colored fondant or is it safe to add food coloring and mix it myself?
Would you pay more money for a high Protein and Probiotic ice cream?
Good and healthy meal plans for vegan runners?
18th parties im fife scotland?
How to drink without puking?
Where can I buy Bavaria Premium Non-alcoholic Malt (0.0%) - 24 x 330ml bottles?
QUESTION ABOUT LUNCH MEAT!! help, suggestions...?
QUESTION ABOUT LUNCH MEAT!! help, suggestions...?
is eating dairy products abusive to animals?
Is modern street food making us unhealthy?
What good mixed strong alcohol drinks are there?
I would like to be supplier for super markets. The product I deal with is Cashew nuts od all grades.?
I have just started eating healthy :D please judge my smoothie recipe and am i overeating in the morning?
is it worth buying a food processor?? i have appliances for almost every job it gets done other than chopping?
what is the best recipe for making chicken croissant ?
For the Chick fil a breakfast meal, can you replace the coffee with a different drink?
Cant eat Spicy Food anymore?
How to order something without my parents seeing?
How old do you have to be to work at Bushs Chicken?
Where can I buy/order a mixed set of cocktail glasses from?
Can you list some good organic shops in Tamil Nadu?
What spices are good with corn grits?
Why is organic food costlier than conventional food?
Can i put a normal Coffee cup in the oven?
How to subsitute inverted sugar for ordinary sugar in ice cream?
What are biscuits called in America?
Is there a difference between organic and inorganic food?
why is New Orleans wedding cake always almond?
Fat Free cappuccino for the Keurig?
Fat Free cappuccino for the Keurig?
wings & pizza????????? the wings are missing?
I want to have a saints row themed birthday party?
what kind of coffe/milk do i need for latte?
If you've never been allergic to anything... is it safe to drink any wine you want?
Cook cookie dough left out overnight?
Why do chickens lay eggs?
Can I eat solid foods again.?
Eating healthy costs almost 2x as much?
is pure water diamagnetic?
internationalization of philippine ethnic food industry?
do people in belguim drink tea?
do dutch people drink tea?
How much alcohol should i inject to get the equiv. effect of 5 glases of wine?
What's the best part of an iced gem?
suggest a proper website for recipes ?
can i cook soup in the mircowave?
cooking mystery box items?
What are your favourite pickled products?
Anyone know how to make yummy sauce for orange beef or broccoli with chicken?
Never trust a skinny cook?
I want to plan a sleepover 'part'..?
which takeaway store makes the best hot chips?
how much a spoon of flax seed contain?
Milk with a corn smell?
I proposed to move to germany for some time from india. What kind of spices are not avaialble or cost in ger?
where can I buy a pickled herring in the Philippines?
Can you freeze cookie dough with alcohol in it?
What is your favorite dish to eat when smoking Medical Marijuana?
Yes applesauce toffee?
Where can i get melt chocolate body fondue in kolkata?
How do I colour chocolate without Flo-coat?
Am I gonna get food poising?
Agree or Disagree...?
Are there any experienced bakers that can help me solve my baking problem?
Is it dangerous to mix a can of vanilla starbucks coffee and opioids?
Good drinks at Starbucks Australia?
What does the Green Tea Frappuccino from Starbucks taste like?
is this normal if you drink beer?
Can someone help me please?
What is your favourite pancake filling?
Is it true that water, cheese, and spinach enhance the taste of cigarettes?
Teavana Question!?!?
how does potato eat ice?
Going vegetarian what to eat?
registering starbucks card?
Any fast food deliveries that accepts credit card as payment within manila? Pls name me some..?
Can I reheat pizza and breadsticks to warm temp?
What are the best cigarettes you have ever tasted?
What is your favorite cake filling?
What is the point of roasting celery, carrot, onion, and garlic with roast meat?
What is the point of roasting celery, carrot, onion, and garlic with roast meat?
Does beer make you blush or not ?
Arizona virgin piña colada?
Where can I me a case of beer?
Alternative Recipes for Mrs. Dash Salt Free Dip Mix?
Which would you rather have, chocolate cake or brownies?
Coffee Lovers please help?
What is the flavor to describe salt and vinegar chips?
What beverage is this?
Kids party in an apartment?
what to you is the worst tasting soda on the market?
What Ramen soup flavor do you like best?
What are the pros and cons of a vegetarian diet?
How can I get a glass handpipe (bowl) underaged?
What should I cook that goes with wine?
Is whiskey and rye the same thing as \rye whiskey\?
How soon can you make frittatas or Dutch Baby pancakes in a cast-iron skillet?
Want to drink more water but...?
How is honeycomb [the confectionery] made?
Unopened Feta Cheese left out for 6 hours?
is it better to store ground roast coffee in a plastic container or glass jar inside refrigerator?
Why do vegans object to honey?
I paid 80 dollars for a Shardinay T-Shirt?
Is this a stupid idea?
My cousin claims I'm an alcoholic?
I'm trying to create a new beverage to bring to the market, but don't know where to begin.?
If you were to become an animal what wold you be and why?
Where to get a food handler's license in Tempe Az?
If you ate nothing else, how long would it take you to eat 2 large pizzas?
Coffee has me going!?
How do I ask a girl to come to a dinner party?
Can I make Oatmeal cookies out of store bought oatmeal?
What is a meal you make often for your family?
can I put strawberries In my bong?
What is your favorite cookie to dunk in milk?
feeling miserable after 3 days of getting intoxicated!?
what would happen if I drank 6 bottles of this?
How unhealthy is drinking soda?
feeling miserable after 3 days of getting intoxicated!?
Why does PETA protest the eating of meat?
I was a very severe alcoholic from 20-24?
is it legal to eat carrots at a bus stop?
alchol make people do things (ex:talk stupid), what do it make you do?
What is your favourite home cook recipe?
What is best Manhattan mix?
are there any night clubs for people 17+ in Manhattan?
What is the right pH for tea?
How can I make The Special K Cereal Box look for kids?
what is this fruit called again?
How to keep mac and cheese creamy for party?
why can't people stop drinking alcohol?
Can you still drink alcohol if your stomach is really full?
does Worcestershire sauce has alcohol and how much do they cost and where to buy them?
Does cranberry juice realy help clean the system?
Will I get drunk from one entrie bottle of champagne?
What smoothies could I make?
is it possible to drown while drinking a milkshake?
Parents are so illogical?
Gnats got in my tequila?
Is waffle a girls name?
Is it healthy to only eat fruits, veggies, eggs, and beans?
Tea and coffee recommendations?
guacamole too spicey how can i make it less hot?
favorite flavor - go!?
are hookah pen dangerous?
How bad is coke to my littleboy?
If I drink green tea instead of milk will it have the same effect on my bones?
Best Gatorade/Powerade And Alcohol Mix?
Can I sue my food market for buying a expired soda pop and getting sick afterwards?
Food....outdated yogart...?
Alcohol poisoning? 40% alochol?
Are 5 hour energy drinks only for adults?
How to cook Lean Cuisine Traditional Pepporoni pizza in the oven?
is it possible to eat all the flavor out of gum?
What alcohol do you recommend?
Buying Non Alcoholic Beer in Wisconsin?
What is the difference between red and green apples besides their color?
Can you enter a bar at 20? I'm not trying to drink just going with friends?
Vegans and Shellac/Lac Resin?
Should your broil round steak?
Is it illegal to drink alcohol in public (in england)?
Which of these two types of oranges is more healthy and why?
Cigarettes (also check my question before this?)?
Will I live less long if I smoke one cigarette every month?
I mixed egg yolks to store deli cole slaw, good deviled eggs?
What is your favorite fruit and why?
Meat eater vs vegetarian?
anything to use as egg substitute?
Can you grease a pan with canola oil?
Cigarettes? Answers appreciated?
Raw cookie dough? good? or bad?
How come so many healthy vegans are O-blood type if \we cannot be vegans\ according to that theory?
Which one will get you drunk faster?
what is your favourite meal to make?
What scientist drank acid cocktails ?
would sweet peas go good with lemon pepper chicken and corn on the cob?
What are the benefits of drinking tea?
What are some sweet things to make in the microwave?
What is the difference between a Calzone and Stomboli?
Hi im going to uk next week and i was wondering what is the age limit to buy vodka in uk?
10 Pts. BA May someone help me with weighing chicken breast thawed, cooked, or raw?
Food preservatives that kill E.Coli?
whay kind of peanut butter can you eat on a clean diet?
Meatless recipes for a veggie/fruit hater?
Is mustard a healthy addition to food?
10 Pts BA. May someone help me with weighing chicken breast thawed, cooked, or frozen?
What did you fat americans eat for dinner last night?
10 Pts BA. May someone help me with weighing chicken breast thawed, cooked, or frozen?
Can minors drink non alcoholic wine?
What are good songs for a tea party?
How do you make the mashed potatoes in the \Idahoan Box\?
Should I eat a scotch egg?
What Foods do you like to eat Under Cooked?
Should I take the tea bag out when making green tea?
Best way to quickly relieve a hangover?
Butter in Brownie Recipes?
Should I drink Skim Milk or 2% Milk?
Why is it more acceptable and respected to be vegan for religious reasons rather than ethical reasons?
What does aluminum foil do for a potato when you bake it?
can u make a still out of a aluminum turkey fryer?
the tea calendar!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!?
This drinking game???
how to know if someone put weed in cookies?
What's the Carmel recipe for Carmel butter pecan tillamook icecream?
Is it possible to send rice cakes overseas?
Making alcohol out of lemonade?
What are china's food eating habits?
What is the BEST form in which to eat corn?
Can you buy beer at the gas station in Georgetown, ky?
What is the BEST sugar substitute?
which is healthier? pure orange juice (no sugar added) or green tea?
Why are my cookies like cakes 10 POINTS!!?
can i eat cooked egg while drinking glass of milk?
Home made protein..?
Making loose leaf tea. Warming the pot?
Refined oils are unrefined. What is the best to cook with and for high heat?
Buying an ecig online underage?
Can you smoke pineapple leaves?
50's party planning, sweet 16 suggestions needed!?
Does anyone have a good recipe using yello split peas?
Why are alcoholics often nicer when drunk then sober and why are others meaner when drunk then sober?
I found one maggot in a jar of pickles.?
Can I return cottage cheese to Whole Foods?
Can I use whipped cream cheese to make a cheesecake?
Why is my brother so ADDICTED to Monster Energy Drinks?
Im 14 and I never properly had a drink?
Can you smoke pineapple leaves??
How to set up a Milkshake shop?
could this challenge hurt my heart?
why has sour cream got a sell buy date?
Does anyone else do this or am I the only one?
I turn 21 in a month, and?
batch cooking - freezing, re cooking and then re heating again?
I'm making HONEY FRIED WALLEYE for dinner but have no canola oil. Can I use olive oil or butter instead?
Why Paleo Why Coke used cork in their bottle caps in the 60's for sure and maybe the 70's, that I know?
Making a 3 course meal, what shall I make for a starter?
What are some good spices to keep in the pantry?
Looking for an easy very tasty cod fish pie recipes?
can drinking 1 glass of a light beer be bad for a teen?
do drunk people say the true?
useing someone elses id to get in a club?
What to mix with cherry sours?
What's the best way to make vegetarian meat at home?
should i drink mineral water?
Jelly is halal and what is the meaning of k in the write of the jelly box?
Why Paleo Con Nation can't people read and answer the Q? It was what year did Coke stop using cork?
Should I make this meal for my girlfriend?
Fillet Steaks, what's a man to do ?
I bought chicken last week, they are frozen,expiration date was yesterday, are they still good for today?
What to send in our British parcel?
Which market is more expensive produce-wise? Vons or Trader Joes?
What year did Coke stop using cork in its bottle caps?
Which market is more expensive produce-wise? Vons or Trader Joes?
what year did Coke stop using cork in its bottle caps?
Why does the flaming hot Cheetos feel less spicy?
will i pass my etg test? help please. only answer if you have experience?
Why do I always feel sick after drinking hot chocolate?
What are black strawberries?
Where to receive choy san this year?
Craving for kueh talam. Any idea?
How to make mock vegetarian meat?
how to spout water just like david blaine?
Should I substitute shortening for more butter?
Why do people get drunk at night?
Do vegans live longer or non-vegans who eat dairy and meat products?
vegetarian meal ideas?
tips for gaining muscle as a vegetarian runner?
What spanish dishes are healthy?
thawed Cornish hens yesterday in cold water put back in fridge took out to cook today & it has smell?
thawed Cornish hens yesterday in cold water put back in fridge took out to cook today & it has smell?
what are sources of sodium low in protein?
What are the best tea companies to buy from?
Okay how do u eat a pomegranate fruit?
I'm looking for a specific picture of a cake..?
Im making potato soup and it calls for 4 cups of heavy whipping cream can I use something else?
How to make Starbucks caramel sauce?
Is rasberry Smirnoff strong?
Adding chocolate syrup to vitamin D milk?
Need homemade mock meat/vegetarian meat recipe?
what are sources of sodium high in protein?
how to drink water and then spit it out?
Best recipe for soft, fluffy pancakes?
how to bake pizza in convectional microwave?
Do I have food poisoning?
Cut lobster tail into 1 inch medallions want to bread and pan fry, how long on each side?
Tips for frosting a cake without the cake crumbling?
Can spicy brown mustard be sub for dijon in a recipe?
Where can I buy pure tobacco leaves? Either online or in person in uk?
How many pails of water does a beer barrel hold.?
why weren't my braised short ribs tender?
what time does mcdanolds serve lunch?
If chili arrived from Americas in 18th century, why spicy dishes are considered traditional Asian?
If I have a omlette for my tea with 2egg yolks and 4 egg whites?
I need best red wine?
menthol cigarettes smoking?
Where can I buy pure tobacco leaves? Either online or in person in uk?
What is your favorite fast breakfast to make in the morning?
Best web sites for reviewing Beer and Ale?
Does anyone know where i can buy Dorito chips that come in can?
What North American Beers are best?
I have some cooked chicken and mixed veg left over from today's lunch...?
What are some alternatives to animal milk that aren't soy-based?
I want to learn how to cook?
Fake alcohol drinking. How to pretend?
Fake drinking. How to pretend?
what is the average size of a spaghetti box?
can i make lasagne with these ingredients?
short of meal idea until next shop, I have eggs, milk,asia bread crumbs,4 slice bread ,butter and mixed herbs?
Any tea recommendations?
Does regular tea help with nausea?
good for the diabeted. if I eat less rice at night I can not take trazadon medecin.it make me fill hungry and?
Which is better? A masquerade ball or a Moulin Rouge party for my 16th Birthday?
Substitutes for meat?
is green tea an acquired taste?
how do i cook little smokies without a crock pot and can i use pasta sauce instead of bbq sauce?
I have boiled beetroot with the stalk attached, can I drink the water, and is it good for you? Thanks?
how do you know if someone put weed in cookies?
What to do for my 40th birthday?
Cheap Teabags -whats the danger?
Hey! What do you think of the vegan weight loss diet (link is in description)?
Is there anything wrong with the way i prepare my coffee. (health wise)?
How long do i steam a xmas pudding for?
What beans to use for a spicy/mexican bean stew?
Simple, yet tasty drinks?
4 whole sea bream fish, they weight 1.2 kilogram in total, how long should I bake them for? Thanks?
Why does my grown coffee beans have only a light taste of coffee to it?
Pancakes. What's the correct temperature for stovetop?
How much sugar should I eat per day?
Tips on becoming a Vegan runner? PLEASE ANSWER!?
What does it mean when a recipe says 3 2/3 cups of flour 4 example, is it askin 4 3x that amount ?!?
What are some typical tea brands British folks drink?
How to make a laxative tea using things from around the house?
How do I go vegan without seitan or soy?
What is \Control\ Rice?
What are some things to eat and drink after vomiting?
What would be a good name for a chocolate box?
What is your favorite food to have for dessert?
If you microwave Nutella, (chocolate spread), if it burns and goes a bit blackish, is it edible?
Can I use metal utensils in the convection mode of the microwave convection oven?
TEEN(13-18): What is your favourite chocolate?
How can I make blueberry pancakes?
Where can I buy Jack Link's Beef Jerky in Singapore?
Where can I buy Jack Link's Beef Jerky in Singapore?
Where can I buy Jack Link's Beef Jerky in Singapore?
If i simmer my beef to make it tender in the morning, and keep it until i cook in in the evening?
Disadvantages of eating breakfast?
Do you remember the hotdogs called \Snap Wieners\?
Why does Evian taste better than all other bottled waters?
Would putting soda on a burn get it infected?
lettuce variety that doesn't taste bitter?
Where can I buy fettuccini style pasta?
Why do people always complain about eating meat?
Vegans, am I going overboard? What do you think? What do you guys do?
I hardly eat anything the past month or two I'm 15.?
is/ are there any use(s) of the husk from the peanut ? from the nuts themselves ?
How come when i eat some vegetables then drink water i start feeling want to spew?
what class(es) of food ( proteins, fats , starch) is / are present in peanut ?
What's a good tool for making stuffed burgers?
how to get indian coc?
Marlboro cigarette pack?
warm water and lime is useful in early morning but can we take with honey?
need information to help friend out?
what is the speciality of oriental dwarf kingfisher in detail?
Healthy recipes, no white sugar or flour, using vanilla beans, any ideas?
Do Fishes helps in sound sleeping?
Iam planning to open a new shop of chocolates and dry fruit so i need a good name for my shop?
Would'nt you rather have a V-8?
im looking for non-alcoholic root beer brands?
When becoming vegan....?
Can I store ginger tea in the fridge?
When becoming vegan....?
Why can't I stop eating peanut butter and nuts?
Drinking straight whiskey with water for the first time (Choosing Best Answer Tonight)?
From 1 to 10 what is your rating for cookies of any kind at breakfast?
From 1 to 10 what is your rating for pancakes at breakfast?
What's the best way to make stuffed burgers on a picnic?
How long can alcohol stay in your urine?
need help with discontinued canned soup?
Are little debbie donuts Baked or Fried?
Why can't a cake have a celebrity's face on it?
What is your favorite sweet bread to eat?
pong pong tree seeds or fruit? poision?
Can I cook whipped egg whites on a skillet with oil?
What happens when you drink 4-loko, red bull, and 5-hour energy along with NyQuil? Does it balance out?
how long does weed stay in your system?
Which method is the best for mousse ASAP ! ?
My mom will be drinking for the first time?
sweet 16 birthday party ideas?
Who loves orange soda????
Birthday parties (boy and girls) for 12 year olds?
2 cocktails in 1 hour and blew 0.00 breathalyzer.. Can someone please explain?
Vegans - Stop complaining?
Need help with MONKEY BREAD!!!! ASAP?
Vegetarians: please answer. Help avoiding cravings?
why doesn't my rolls rise the second time around?
I want to become a vegetarian but I'm scared?
Brown stuff floating in homemade wine?
Are duocal, ensure, and carnation breakfast unhealthy?
Is there any reason for meat to disgust someone?
How to remove and put back a sealed cap for a Kahlua bottle!!!?
Eating onions everyday clear your skin?
What's your favorite ethnic food?
What is your personal way of getting rid of a hangover?
Has anyone heard of an apple pear?
Where can I find a pint glass like the one in the angry orchard commercials?
Is grocery store pub cheese made with alcohol?
want to make stuffed peppers for the first time. .. need help?
Camelbak making me nauseated?
What is your favorite food to prepare in a crockpot?
What's the differen'ts of wine and brandy?
Is it okay to eat expired potato chips?
Is there an app that tells you what food can be made with the ingredients we have?
How do I do this? Needed nhelp?
I feel sick when I eat meat?
why am i so tired i slept for 7 hours?
is that silk almond milk good?
Where can I buy chocolate covered gummy bears online?
What is your favorite olive to eat? What do you like it on?
Can I make okonomiyaki without nagaimo?
what makes cigars flavored, is it the tobacco or the wrapper?
What is corn flour supposed to smell like when moistened?
what dose rsvp mean on a birthday card?
Alcohol peer pressure. How to deal?
Where can I buy bulk TVP?
Nutrition of a 4x4 inch slice of pizza?
What is the difference between Spanish and Mexican cuisine?
What can I cook thats fast for dinner every night? And not frozen things?
Trying to find a old past time favorite food?
What is vodka on the rocks?
E-cigs - What kind of hookah is this? I'm wanting something that will produce the most vapor.?
how can I start liking coffee?
17th birthday theme ideas????? Help me plan my party!?
Is there a coleslaw dressing recipe that's just juice and milk?
What should I add to refried beans to spice them up?
Drinking for the first time?
What to do at my 17th Birthday Party?
Fruit smoothie - post workout?
how to make rice cripies cereal?
I forgot to put enough eggs in a donut recipe, what do I do?
how long do I cook a tri tip in the oven? what temp?
Is this brown butter burned?
Do oiled peppers need to be refrigerated?
Can I leave food in a crockpot overnight on low?
LOOKING TO MAKE HOMEMADE EDIBLE BODY SPRAY/PERFUME! WONDERING IF I COULD USE CANDY OILS?
Unique and different chocolate recipes/ideas?
vegans who ride motorcycles?
How many cups are 250 grams?
Pad thai? How many calories?
Caribou or deer? I am thinking deer.?
I live near a Whole Foods where they sell moonshine distilled by a local \artisan\ distillery ..?
what other kind of french fried food is there?
Where can I but unprocessed Sea Salt in Manhattan? Trader Joes doesnt carry it.?
long term effects of stevia?
CAN YOU BAKE A CAKE IN A SLOW COOKER?
How much vodka can I drink?
Is it safe to consume sprouting chia seeds?
How does Icelandic Coca Cola and Pepsi taste compared to the American and Mexican editions?
What causes alcoholism to form in people?
what organic food should I buy?
Why are Pringles so addictive?
is coffee bad for you?
What`s your favorite fruit?
Which is better? Straberry milk or chocolate?
I accidentally mixed flours?!?
Can someone explain what a food processor does?
Never thirsty and never dehydrated?
Is it bad to eat raw dark green leafy veggis everyday?
What is the Worst Meal that your Mom Cooks?
What Food taste better Cooked in a Microwave Oven then cooked in a Conventional Oven?
Can I make vegetarian burgers and sausages myself?
How much money is a bottle of beer?
how many ounces of vodka for 3 people?
Substitute for artificial sweetener?
what is the best way to eat your ice cream?
What is your favorite wrapped candy?
What is measurement equivalent to 1 red chilies pepper?
What are some recipes using Nacho cheese?
peanut butter with pepper?
Why does cuisinart.co.uk only have 3 food processors?
what thermos keeps liquids hot the longest?
Does cooking eggs weaken the chelators in the whites?
what is a famous dish in congo?
Will Alcohol go bad if stored in a Gatorade/Powerade bottle?
Sweet 16 party ideas/themes?
Where can I order a custom cake pan/mold?
What should we do for a birthday party?
Is there hidden cameras in toilets? (link below)?
What two food the you like?
Is pepperment green tea the same as green tea?
how long can I leave live lobster in fridge before cooking?
How to prevent a hang over? Don't judge?
Why do I feel sick after drinking soda?
What should I make for my boyfriend's birthday dinner?
What sauce can be used as a substitute for worcestershire sauce?
What are some ways to cook Fresh water bass?
What are some foods you can eat when dining out that don't make you fat?
My little sister is 12 and drinks two cups of coffee everyday?
How can i spice up potato soup?
Can you put too much coffee grounds in a coffee pot?
Where could I hire glass jars for sweets in the UK?
Which food rots quicker: cheese, bread, oranges, or tomatoes?
Why do women only use one slice of meat on a sandwich?
Can you buy beer with an Alternative ID?
Juristic rule of istihlak: How long does a non-muslim have to cook a dish with wine until its halal?
Is It Normal to Eat the Orange Peel?
Does drinking alochol make you look old?
Can you substitute cream with half and half in mushroom soup?
Calling all vegans please I need answers!?
Recipe for lentil soup without vinegar?
what is.a challenge that doesnt involve food?
Can a 14 year old drink red bull?
Filipino Food in Syracuse, NY?
how can i stop my dad from being an alcoholic?
How much milk is 3.25 gallons?
Why are people so quick to boycotting food because they don't serve certain food at the place they eat?
Can i get in trouble if i go to a party that has underage drinking but not drink?
Fun graduation party ideas?
I want to eat pizza and drink vodka?
I am trying to find the value of a N G Woods pewter cocktail shaker # 474?
Is it possible to go to the pub just for food without drinking? will I be laughed at?
Is homebrewing for personal consumption illegal in India?
17th birthday party for lots of people?
Are pop tarts a breakfast food?
whats the best ciggarette to have in the uk?
Question about an Italian food.?
How to avoid constipation while eating 20+ grams of fiber a day?
Why do some people get crazy when they drink?
Eaten loads today but still starving.?
How do you become a fruitarian?
avocado yet again. enhancing avocado taste?
Private dinner for two?
Why do people eat soil?
What is the most dangerous part of binge drinking?
What's the difference between Hong Kong style and Peking style Chinese dishes?
Is the starbucks Sakura drink real in america?
how can i have a good house party without alcohol??
Is drinking two beers every night problematic?
Is Kraft Macaroni & Cheese dinner kosher?
What's the basic procedure to start a hotpot?
Poll - What's the most exotic food you've ever tried?
Poll - What are some foods you can eat with only your hands?
Poll - Have you ever dipped your french fries in maple syrup?
Are frozen chopped onions any good?
What is your favorite soda?
How to make fermented cabbage?
Why shouldn't people eat chocolate during lent and how long does Lent last?
What should i learn to cook next?
Which food(s) makes your body feel really good?
Jesus served raw fish and bread on a hot day?
Can I use cooking lemon juice for my face?
Any ideas for a midnight snack?
Exam what to eat? To make my brain work faster n smarter!?
Where can I buy cool whip whip cream?
Expired soda is it safe to drink?
Overall which is worse, smoking or drinking?
ey i have a pizza problem i need help?
Can you heat oil in a nonstick pan?
coffee creamer and hot tea?
coffee creamer and hot tea?
What are some cheap, easy but tasty meals to make? (im a student)?
what type of chili for chili cheese fries?
is boiled mung beans safe for eating rather than sprouting & eating..?
How much vodka to put in a glass 3 by 9 inches long?
question about chocolate pudding?
What kind of soda mixed with liquor gets you really wasted?
Isn't it a good idea to live on uncooked or less cooked vegan food?
How do you cook pork neck bones?
What was the last thing you ate?
My avatar is beautiful asked about the lost five-o energy drink. anybody know anything else?
Was this a good Breakfast/Lunch?
How many mikes hard lemonades should i drink to get drunk?
Hi I made a fondant cake for a party today but the party is next Saturday how Long can I store the cake?
I accidentally ate pasta with meat left out overnight will I be alright?
something easy to fix for supper that's feeds fifteen people?
does SoBe Lifewater really have powdered bugs in it?
What are the types of conflict (territorial, ethnic, etc)?
I have a 32 cup bowl and the lid will not stay on the bowl, does anyone know how to make the lid on?
dinner ideas for my mums birthday?
dinner ideas for my mums birthday?
convenience store selling expired items and refuse to move them!!?
HELP ATE FULL JALAPEÑOS!?
NEED.....an Easy tomato juice, beef no bone, vegetable soup w/ cabbage?
Vegetarians: Do you know about the slaughter of fluffy bunny wabbits for you?
what is wrong with a canolpe when it tastes very chemicaly?
Substitute foe honey in baking?
What is better Blendtec total Blender or Vitamix 5200?
How do you decaffeinate a beverage?
How to sell a lot of Girl Scout cookies?
Hi, Everyone!! I need to know what church supper is?
Easiest ways to carry alcohol without bottles or backpacks?
Why don't my adzuki beans get softer after boiling for hours ?
Is this a good mixed drink?
guys what are the proper table mannerisma? could u plz list them here....!!!!?
Will it get me drunk?
What is the best thing to put in strangers trolley in a supermarket?
how to bake pizza or cake in convectional microwave?
how to make this cake?
in 2006 there was a Starburst brand drink. The drink was sold in stores in bottles that resembled the candy.?
Is malt liquor the same thing as hard liquor?
I want to become vegan, but I live with meateaters! advice?
white chocolate frosting?
What issues in the kitchen could be solved by a non-electrical utensil or gadget?
Tea with the most health benefits?
Health threats and benefits of soy products?
At what moment in the baking process does dough become bread?
What does \3 in 1\ in a coffee means?
Is it possible to preserve pre-mixed cocktails?
Tastiest meat to try for the first time?
Party Ideas & tips for a 17 year old.?
Why did Montgomery County public schools ban strawberry milk?
what is the easiest way to make home made wine?
Turning 14 , what should I do for a party ?
Would I have gotten these marks in my food exam?
16th Birthday Party Ideas?
what is golden icing sugar?
Which are sodium foods ?
How does Teff bread taste like?
taco on bread covered in koala sauce?
when we are fasting for shivaratri, can we eat oreo cookie ?
What flavor would you make an energy drink?
Outback Steakhouse diablo sauce recipe?
What fish species are the tastiest in your opinion?
How do I buy products from companies against animal testing?
what meat sustitute has the texture of meat?
Have you ever had a butter chicken pie?
Alcohol has NEVER made me puke?
Japanese crackers/cookies with dried peas?
what is the most fasinating place you've eaten at?
time required for fermentation of carrot juice?
What does cheese curds taste like?
Has anyone noticed that 'Thirsty Planet' water tastes sweet?
I drank a Milkshake and now I have a stomach pain?!?
What is the Best Way to Learn New Recipes?
Simple drinks with no more than 22% alcohol?
Is it bad to start eating meat again???
Is fish really that bad?
what is it in kimchi that makes it ferment?
Need help on fondant figures and icing cake!!!?
vegetarian with eggs?
What else can I do for my kids birthday party?
FRIENDS.PLS TELL MINIMUM PRICE OF TOMATO SAUCE AND SOY(SOYA) SAUCE &BREAD CRUMBS IN INDIA?
Kettle makes the water taste like plastic?
What is the worst meal you've ever eaten?
Will my parents notice the watered down tequila?!? I'm freaking out!?
can I freeze seafood?
How long does a tobacco bag keep?
Any ideas on how to party underage?
Can grits be used as the 'breading' or in the bread crumb mixture while making chicken fingers?
Are herring bones safe to eat ?
Problem with Quitting Soda?
How many chickens and eggs are used in Australia in one year?
How much alcohol in a shot?
what is your favorite brand of tea of coffee?
Which do you prefer now, this very minute: coffee, tea, or a cold drink?
What is your top 10 favorite Fruits?
Please help. I have a question about vanilla extract?
Hey guys and gals I think I got a poptart addiction?
How come when i drink something cold in the morning like juice or milk i get a tummyache then have to poo?
Help!!! Bridal shower tea party ft worth tx.?
focus t25 workout nutrition guide, can I eat other foods?
How can I have a balanced vegan diet?
Do Pop-Tarts help your memory?
If you dropped an ice cream you had just bought, what would you do?
What is the long term medical effects of heavy marijuana usage?
where is complain center for medley foods in jaipur?
Help on our bake sale?
What dressing should I use for this salad?
Where to get Natty light 30 pack?
Is it humane to expedite the expiration of boring animals?
What should I name this drink?
how to get weed out your system asap?
How do I make juicing taste better?
If you leave a glass of white wine sitting out?
Which foods are rich in vitamin B6?
How much salt to add to flour of my fried chicken recipe?
Where's cheaper to buy liquor?
What should I eat, I'm hungry?
does hair of the dog work?
What are some tips to making a moist, soft, flavorful oatmeal cookie?
copycat recipe for Bahama Breeze quesadilla?
Pizza dough help - dough doesn't cook right?
What's the trick to drinking alcohol?
Do you like rhubarb pie? Do you like it better plain without the strawberries?
How much wine is enough to get average drunken?
How much healthier would I be if I become vegetarian vs pescetarian?
Where to buy Shea butter?
Where to buy Shea butter?
Is it ok to eat expired slim Jim?
what is a great brand marijuana detoxifier?
Legal drinking age in Florence?
Is Greenlandic Coca Cola existent in Greenland or is Danish Coca Cola sold in Greenland?
Asda company policy regard pictures of alcohol?
Discounted snack? It looked like a circus peanut but crispy with peanutbutter center?
I want to know if I can make a corn and green bean casserole in a crock-pot?
how much coffee do i need to drink to kill myself?
What's the difference?
What's the difference?
Angel Food Cake Mix Recipe?
Breakfast question? Please answer!?
Do glass water bottles break easily?
Golden Corral hiding food from inspection?
Overnight oats for breakfast?
vegan and cane sugar at restaurants?
when it says beer batter does it mean it has beer in it?
URGENT OPINION NEEDED consumed large amount of energy drink?
Where the hell do I find Tonkotsu Ramen ingredients?!?
what is the fastest way too deyox from cocaine?
True or False? You dislike Apples?
Tips on how to become a vegan?
What is this restaurant called?
Has any of you read this book (feel free to do it now if you want)?
Can you put one box cake mix into one cake pan?
Recipe for banana mugcake?
what are the ingredients in an AUTHENTIC Chinese sesame chicken dish?
What happened to Chow Ciao?
Why does my cake have no flavor?
What restaurants or frozen pizza companies have the best BLT pizza?
Sweeter roti bread not made in restaurant.?
French Toast? Blueberry Pancakes? Or Bagel with Peanut Butter & Jelly for breakfast?
How do you not burn popcorn?
Help! Just ate 400g of butter & 1400g of ham!?
is it bad for you to eat out dated foods?
ingredients in kebabs? Full points to best answer?
ingredients in kebabs? Full points to best answer?
why do some brands of milk resists curdling or souring after a few weeks?
Mashed potatoes w gravy and macaroni with chicken, good combination?
Having a hard time finding bud?
Do you simply not care or does it actually taste different?
What are some recipes for making cornish game hen (has to be gluten free)?
Where can I buy FAILTE VODKA - The World's Best Tasting Vodka?
Please Help! WalMart Bakery Discontinued Cake Question?
What do you like to Drink when your Eating Pizza?
Can you store bananas in the fridge?
What is the part of alcohol that is so addictive to alcoholics?
How do I make a really good gluten free mac and cheese sauce without using velveeta?
Are E hookah pens bad?
a losers guacamole recipe for chips and dip and football games?
Skinny PEOPLE! What are your favorite foods?
Should I stop before I become addicted?
Is an alcohol free wedding reception tacky?
How may strawbs are there in a haribo giant strawb packet?
My reaction to eating gluten has changed. Why?
How many grams is in a haribo 120 piece giant strawb box?
if i smoke smoke should i drink a lot of water??
Are canned beets good for you?
Early 70's recipe question?
How often should I cook for my boyfriend? Any help please?
Is this an okay prank for my neighbor?
Which cookies are better chocolate chip or white chocolate chip?
Which cookies are better chocolate chip or white chocolate chip?
Can drinking 4 litres of water a day kill you?
Can you bake canned pumpkin by itself?
Traveled with frozen food for 4 hours?
Which Winghouse wings should I get?
What main spices do you need to make currys and in what proportions?
Where is \cassava\ grown?
Where is \cassava\ grown?
Where is the \cassava\ grown?
Any wine experts that can help?
What coffee to get at Costa for a non coffee drinker?
what do you have at weddings besides beer, wine, champagne, and mixed drinks?
Where should I go for my birthday dinner?
Healthy, low calorie foods for acid reflux and lactose intolerance?
10 Pts BA. May someone help me with weighing chicken breast thawed, cooked, or frozen?
10 Pts BA. May someone help me with weighing chicken breast thawed, frozen, or cooked?
What is one food that you crave?
10 Pts BA. May anyone help me on weighing chicken breast thawed, cooked, or frozen?
going to a Mexican theme party what unusual things can I wear bring eat etc?
Will Fruit Make Wine Go Bad?
Feeling guilty eating animals?!?
Vegetarian diet plan, please help!?
Sourpuss safe to drink?
Is it possible to make condensed or evapourated milk with soy or almond milk?
Tomorrow im getting drunk with my friends please help?
How to make muffins less fattening?
how to make flavour concentrates?
Is this a good deal on espresso maker?
Where can i buy a really big jar of jelly?
Original baileys liquer/baileys with a hint of caramel?
Original baileys liquer/baileys with a hint of caramel?
good dining in southern michigan?
how important is it to seasona tajine before using it?
How could I make a layer cake like the ones in Masterchef Junior?
Why do home grown pecans taste SO much better?
Ginger infused green tea calories ?
Healthy meal plans for overweight male teen?
Cracked Hard Boiled Egg?
how many shots of 80 proof can i drink in 5 hours and then drive?
Is eating chocolates with liquor in them if you are under 21 in michigan? They have 0.8% alcohol?
Bleaching teeth. Is it ok to drink red wine right away after whitening?
What are the red bits in Mac and Cheese Loaf?
idea for a mature twelve year old party?
How can we plan a wedding on a budget?
I ate all this chocolate now I'm doing a mean poo why?
Cooked Chicken in Heated Crockpot?
Scenario that could happen to anyone on a drunk night,what do you do?
where can i buy camucamu?
Why has \pulled pork\ appeared on menus everywhere in the last year?
Why is a leg of lamb £25 these days?
Where can I find these Sea Salt and Lemon Pistachios?
Transitioning from veganism to vegetarianism?
How long for alcohal to get out of system?
How old is my pepsi cola bottle?
ALL Cherry starbursts?
Should I keep using this leather case?
Any good recipe using rattle snake or rat ?
Best vodka drink to order at the bar?
What to make with spaghetti macaroni and chicken breasts?
TINS & TEPL Fake institutes?
my triglycerides are 610 is splenda a good choice to help lower them I drink a lot of tea with reg suger?
What kind of dessert can I make with these( flour, cocoa powder , sugar , cream, milk and biscuits)?
why does my keurig machine taste like plastic every time I brew something?
What are some Asian dishes containing cheese?
Vegan food suggestions during university?
what could be the best mix for fundador?
Whats worse lots of sugar or lots of artificial sugar (Aspartame)?
I want to know some meals? 10 points?
I want to know some meals? 10 points?
Where can I find a 32 Oz ceramic coffee mug with the Texas A and M Logo on it?
Is it a good idea to substitute milk with goats milk for Annie's Macaroni and Cheese?
Is it ok to eat 1 sugary thing every day?
Why does redbull cost so much more than other energy drinks?
cheese keeps leaking from my cheese ham toasties, any ideas to stop this?
Interesting dishes to cook?
is it okay to drink more than 2 litres of water a day?
How to make Cuban rice?
My recipe calls for 3 extra large eggs and i only have large eggs?
Where can I find this product?
Captain Morgan will make your husband distrust you?
What happens if you drink off milk on an empty stomach?
Starting Healthy Eating?
how to have fun at a no-drinking party?
Can I gain weight if I drink a cup of coffee a day?
what are some easy and healthy meals for lunch?
food tampering fobia?
How to cook panner(Indian cheese)?
do you all types of cakes?
If I wanted to boil a chicken thigh and potato and then chop it up, what would I add to make it taste good?
I've got chicken that expires today, is it still safe to eat?
Corned beef Recipe help?
how to use cooked leftover salmon fillets?
Asking the cook to wear gloves or wash hands without offending him?
What recipes can you do with a bar of chocolate that's not chocolate chip cookies?
scientific name for the corn flour and water mix?
I loved eating this delicious veggie burger...till I realised there was meat in it?
are my pork chops ok to eat?
what is Chuckles candy slogan?
Is it possible for a shot girl to earn $1000 in a night by just serving shots?
What are the chances of getting drunk, til you pass out and die?
When a recipe says 1 cup?
How to know if the corn sold in Walmart is GMO or not?
I have a brinkman gas grill and the ignitor thing isnt making a spark?
Where can I find Raw Organic cocoa butter in Dubai?
what's the difference between a liquid cocaine drink and a liquid heroine drink?
HELP?! What can i make my tofu in?
Will baked potato taste good with cheese and tuna together?
How do you smoke a cigar? I heard that you are not supposed to \inhale\.?
Can I buy coca-cola online?
Is Kopi Luwak available for K-Cup Keurigs?
What is the White stuff inside of Oreo's?
Trying to locate this special Giant Beer glass?
Does Holton Buggs drink Kangen Water?
I would like to know how a case of beer I bought today is expired as of 17 sept 2013?
What is the best brand of water to use in a Keurig Single Cup maker?
Do you know which (brand) fish fillet that is available in singapore grocery market that are nice & healthy?
Going vegetarian for boxing......?
I want to know your best recipes!?
is this normal for a hangover?
What can I make with these ingredients?
Dewar's laboratory flask has no lid,why?
What would be the perfect 17th birthday party?
What is the meaning of horse-de-overs? and what can i keep in party for horse-de-overs?
What's your favorite recipe?
does warming food with microwave had side effects.?
Is it bad for me to drink redbull?
I don't drink a lot of regular water but love flavor water?
If you were to eat a baked good (pies, cakes) how big would you like it to be?
Please can anyone tell me ,What is a pineapple called in bengali ?Please any bengali's??
Hello I have own flour mill can any one help me for good slogan and I want to start pasta in packaging?
does organic spinach lose its colour when washed?
What is effect of adding salt to the dough?
Hello I have own flour mill can any one help me for good slogan and I want to start pasta in packaging?
a slogan for sweet corn?
About cookie please help?
How to make several pancakes at a time without the first ones getting cold?
Birthday party .. what should I take with me !?
Looking for a food book I saw awhile back written by an Archaeologist?
how much protein in a duck egg?
How to live on uncooked vegan?
where can i find lollies for a party?
Is Balsamic vinegar unhealthy or healthy?
Is chicken and turkey from the same animals?
Why does drinking alcohol make me sick?
Is wine good for health?does it improve skin tone?
i want to start owen cashew factory?
Good Recipes to Help Me Not Be Sleep So Much?
I need 3/8 of 20 ounces of ground meat; how much is that?
A better way to fill 2 ML essential oil bottles?
tasty, tasty, they, re very tasty \?
biggest buzz from cigarettes?
Any nice,easy vegan recipes?
I want to start hotel suggest the name that start with alfhabet t?
Is prep cook desirable in the USA?
How to make a cup of coffee?
Baking recipes that I can purchase and make it mine?
Which countries do you think has the best cuisine?
Is hunting ever kind?
Where can i buy good quality virgin coconut oil from in Australia?
Where can I buy interesting alternatives to meat in Dublin, Ireland?
why did my sense of taste increase?
Needing the help of cake makers, bakers?
Can I refrigerate food that has been thawed?
I accidentally ate a bulb of garlic, how do I get rid of the smell?
I'm not a redhead; am I allowed to drink GINGER ALE ?
Can a UNOPENED beer go bad if it get warm just for one night?
What kind of tea do you like?
What goes well with a Breakfast Sausage-Cheese Muffin?
Have you ever had DINNER in bed?
How do you like your eggs?
Which mixers better (kenwood)?
Should you ever put ketchup on a hot dog?
coconut water benifits?
Vote: Raw-men or Ray-men?
I m 20year old so can I use this panderm plus cream.?
blood test and alcohol?
What foods have omega 3 in them other than fish?
i had used normal sugar for caster sugar!!?
i had used normal sugar for caster sugar!!?
What to eat after surgery?
16th birthday party ideas?
Is there a similar product to NutriBullet or the Magic Bullet?
Can vegetarians eat animal crackers?
what foods have omega 3 in them?
Would water taste okay in cereal?
what is a red rip apple?
Why do unhealthy foods taste so much better than healthy foods ?
How to make fake coke?
Does anyone know where I can order a 10 pound box/bag of beef jerky online for fairly cheap?
What States around PA Actually sells Everclear 190?
Are e cigarettes fun?
is hard alcohol worse?
What type of whiskey should I try next?
i left water in my canteen and it molded?
getting my food handlers license?
The edible part of the cashew nut is?
Why am I still hungry even after eating a plenty of protein ?
Getting my food handlers license?
What is the difference btw cardamon seed vs pod?
What kind of food should I bring to have a lunch picnic?
What is good popular music to play for our small town school prom?
How do you make toffee from an already opened can of condensed milk?
I have a few questions about Dairy Cow milk?
What are some super cheap meals for one person only? Renting a room so I can't cook too much.?
Question about nutrition and boiling veggies?
Vegetarian or meat eater?
What kind of candy would have the same effect as sleeping pills?
what is the secret formula in a krabby patty?
what entree to pair with this dessert?
what entree to pair with this dessert?
Secret Cold Drink Stash? HELPP!?
why do I puke mostly everytime I get drunk?
ruffles chips but no dip!?
Scared if what I just ate!!!!!!!!!?
what would be a good name for this recipe?
41/2gallons= Quart 12pints= gallons?
cooking for 3 hours at 275?
Can someone give me a daily vegetarian food plan?
How to increase the strength of a sourdough starter?
How long would uncooked chicken legs and ground turkey last in the refrigerator if still packaged?
What's the difference between almond oil and sweet almond oil?
How to become a raw vegan?
what dishes can you make to go with sausages?
why do chinese rice taste diffrent?
Will alcohol show In urine after 6 days?
Can you heat crystal light ice tea?
my party is in two days I'm needing more ideas please!?
How do you make Reddish Rosettes?
Is eating 2-3 eggs every day for breakfast OK ?
where, in orlando florida, can i find everclear alcohol?
Drinking age in Ontario?
What is the value of a 2002 Mickey and Minnie cookie jar?
Can you use i cant believe its not butter instead of pam?
Am I the only one who hates potatoes?
Drinking age in Ontario?
Baking: Macaron question!?
Poll: Oikos Greek yogurt, or regular Yoplait yogurt?
Fridge drinks separators?
i substituted shortening for butter.. too thick?
Which is better peanut butter or chocolate hazelnut spread?
is rump roast better for pulled beef than chuck roast?
I need some flavours and ingredients help?
True or False? You like Grilled Chicken Salad?
What else can I make with chicken?
How to speed up the cooking process of precooked frozen meals?
If I pour my cheesecake mix into little bowls will they set faster?
Help! Birthday party decoration ideas?
How do i unbake a cake?
why should schools NOT ban junk food?
My grandfather has a honey business , how do I get a brand name to buy me out?
How do i make a hamburger patty?
Do you like green eggs and ham?
What's your favorite thing to buy at Starbucks?
Can you use a wok on a ceramic glass cooktop?
healthy chicken recipes?
i was eating chicken noodle soup and i was almost done and i noticed a green thing on my carrot?
Do the sign posted \alcohol only for 21 and up\ give everybody immunity from police bust the party?
Why do cooked carrots taste so bad? :)?
Deciding between these 2 stand mixers? Is the Kitchenaid REALLY better quality?
Should I go get whiskey now or not?
Has drinking too much alcohol ever made you regret things you did?
Can you imagine spending your whole life in a cage?
Cooking frozen Spanakopita on stove?
How should I re-heat already-cooked Pork chops so they will not dry?
Is drinking bottled water that has potassium choride in it bad for me?
How should I re-heat alreday-cooked Pork chops so it will not dry?
How is it possible for a vegan to get enough nutrition?
What are some traditional dinners in Thailand?
what is the carb count for a Tropical Sunrise Margarita at Chilis?
Vegans, what fun t-shirt woud you design?
Slow cooker beef stew recipes?
I want alcohol but I can't get to a store?
I want to become a raw vegan HELP PLEASE?
does anyone have the Slimming world recipe for salt and chilli chicken?
Why does Pepperoini Pizza make you very thirsty sometimes?
Water bottle pass in school?
Can I drink this wine now? Does the cellaring recommendation mean 4 years from now or 4 years from 2010?
Why is alcohol banned for all people under 21 in the USA rather then being legal at 18?
Can I have alcoholism or other addiction even if I choose not to drink?
can i use neon pink food coloring to get a dark red?
pro baking for a small business?
Frosting and icing on the cake that aren't sweet?
whats your favorite food ?
question about milk, cream and 1/2&1/2 for a soup recipe?
Kid friendly ground beef recipes?
Which puffed grain is better?
How do I layer a cake?
Is McDonald's a Scottish cuisine restaurant?
where should i have my sweet 16?
Do you agree that animals have the same emotion and feelings as humans?
When eating Grilled Cheese Sandwich do you like any Condiment(s) on your Grilled Cheese Sandwich?
I WAS EATING A CAN OF CHICKEN NOODLE SOUP AND DISCOVERED A BONE IN MY MOUTH. WHAT SHOULD I DO?
what are your thoughts and opinions on vegetarians and vegans?
i was eating chicken noodle soup and i was almost done and i noticed a green thing on my carrot?
wha't to cook for dinner?
how long and what temp do i cook a pork tenderloin for?
how do i open a pack of oreos silently?
What is better Chocolate or Bacon ?
Afternoon tea help for catering?
Where do i buy hot cheeto chili powder?
how do you know if someone put weed in cookies?
Q#3151 - POLL - flaky biscuits or southern style biscuits?
i need a name for a chocolate bar that grows back when bitten from?
What is the minimum amount of time you boil cubed meat?
Can you ever use none dairy creamer as a substitute for?
why are grape fruits so bitter?
My brother is drinking and smokes a lot how can i help?
I need a glaze with no milk for pumpkin cookies!?
My brother is drinking and smokes a lot how can i help?
What is something (inexpensive) that I can do for my 16th birthday?
Tech N9ne's lyrics really tell you how to make Caribou Lou?
Can you drink kerosine and be alright.?
Morning glory seed high??
What does a Strawberry and crème frap taste ?
have you had a large shrimp boil before? for like 20 plus?
Are buffalo wings unhealthy?
What protein should i use?
I've never smoked weed before?
eating shrooms without that dirty taste?
How do I know if my chicken breast was cooked thoroughly?
Is this enough nutrition for my daily needs?
Advice for my sushi date?
Recipes for fruit smoothies?
Different types of Flours from The Wheat Grain?
Baking a cake ! need help?
Can you eat brussel sprouts raw?
Is it bad for children to eat raw vegan?
What does the term Animal Rights mean to you?
do americans only eat mashed potatoes? itseems like it in movies/ tv shows, what about boiled, roasted, jacket?
Ideas for a 10 year old girl birthday?
Good recipes for roast and ground venison?
What are the significant differences between traditional Yorkshire tea and Yorkshire gold tea?
How much calories do tea have?
does squirt goes good with southern comfort?
what places deliver beer and cigarettes to your home in grove city ohio?
What US foods are hard to find in Australia?
How much does a handle of jim beam cost, and how much does a handle of southern comfort cost?
Why are Lindt chocolates so irresistible? :(?
What pots and pans to buy?
which camel cigarettes?
Vegetarians/Vegans: What foods do you eat everyday?
recipes for large turnip?
What should I make for my family for dinner?
What's your favorite food?
21st birthday party ideas London?
How does Remy Martin XO compare to Louis XIII?
What is a good desert to make?
Do packages usually stay together?
do i need to line a silicone cake mould?
I am having an 21+ themed party. This month the theme that was chosen is the letter J.... HELP?!?
what are the key ingredients for a saucy lasagna?
How do I cook noodles just with a kettle?
tuscan soup or pasta e fagioli at Olive Garden?
What does scotch taste like?
Where can I order Soma tea online?
What effect does a water filter have on urine?
hey everyone. my party is in two days. we're watching movies and stuff but I need more ideas.?
is 18 too young to hire someone behind a bar?
how much fruit is in greek yogurt with fruit? does it count as a fruit serving?
since lead was found in tapatio has anyone found a good alternative hot sauce?
Are you addicted to chicken?
Which is more? (2) 750ml bottles or (1)1.75 liter bottle?
Do you know any good healthy recipes?
why was i so sweating drinking a straw ber rita on new years eve?
oops! i swallowed a whole sour skittle! how will this effect me?
Spices that go well with beef and pork?
How many marshmallows are there in a 300g pack?
Pricing for tres leches Cupcakes?
Stuffed Mushrooms & Sweet Peppers, advice needed?
I'm only 7months pregnant what can cause drinking soda pops?
My vanilla flavoring syrup froze overnight when I left it in the car, will it be okay to use once thawed out?
Can I eat nut butters while following a Mediterranean diet?
Chocolate fondue and strawberries!?
Bucket list ideas anyone?
what's the fat content for Hardee's 5 pc chicken tenders?
Is this chicken still good?
what kind of chicken stock do you usually use in cooking?
Can I use salted or dry roasted peanuts to make peanut butter?
What do I do with my fear of alcohol when my roommates both drink?
I had about 25 shots of vodka within a 4 hour period. Will I be safe taking an etg urine test 72 hours later?
How do you make dauphinoise potatoes without the garlic?
Can I use salted or dry roasted peanuts to make peanut butter?
How much is a handle of jim beam in virginia?
15 year old girl party ideas?
How to i use a fondant mold?
What is the best fondant?
TEEN(13-18): What is your favourite chocolate?
Can I use oak chips in 94% alcohol?
Game ideas for 21st birthday party?
Where can I find umeboshi paste (pickled plum purée) in galveston county?
Doesn't Asiago cheese need refrigeration?
What is your favourite food and why?
Really fatty milkshake recipe?
Is there anyway to make gelatin set at room temperature?
Is tap water healthy? even though its polluted?
Are kebabs unhealthy?
What temperature does a slow cooker (crockpot) cook at.?
Where to buy Mon Cheri ?
What is the purpose of the little white plastic cap/cover inside a liquor bottle?
Ben and jerry's vermonster challenge?
Candy/mints that taste like Vicks VapoDrops Menthol?
Does anyone know pls what this is inside this bottle? tia?
it is safe to eat raw egg if not then why?
which stores in the uk sell A&W root beer?
is non stick tava is harmful?
Ready to roll icing advice/ baking?
Best Ben&Jerry's icecream flavor? Go!:)?
Why is salt used in preparation of sweet biscuits?
Is it worth giving up alcohol?
Name for my rose jam line?
Name for my new rose jam line?
What to have for tea?
Why do you put this poison in your body?
Is the stuff at the bottom of the Crunchy But bag cereal unhealthy?
If somebody asked would you like a bourbon or Scotch, which would you choose?
What is coffee mate and how do I use it?
Does anyone have John Besh chocolate chip cookie recipe?
What base would you use to hold a cake made entirely of sweets?
What is the growth phase of bacteria used in food?
can you use pool salt on your fish and chips as its so cheap?
Why is eating animal lung banned from the U.S.?
gravies and curries related question.?
no sandwiches packed lunch ideas?
Have you ever used the \hair of dog\ method?
How do you like the taste of wheat grass juice?
Have you heard about the benefits of Kale?
Remove that taste from celery , recipes?
can someone cook with any kind of pot on induction cooker?
My friend's first time smoking weed. Do you think it's important to have a spotter to guide him?
Sweet 16 theme ideas ?
how is parma ham used in cooking?
i have cashews in my poop?
What is your favorite candy/Chocolate?
Where can i buy noodles flavoring powder?
Is it possible to become addicted to a vaporizer without nicotine.?
Why do I rock back and forth when high?
How would i go without startibg to eat raw meats?
Left my ham out for about 5 hours, will it be okay?
Are dairy products fattening?
Can you brew beer in an open pot?
what is your favorite soft drink?
what did you or are you having for dinner?
Something easy to cook!?
Who can give me some tips on purchasing Puerh Tea?
Where can I find Calpico? A Japanese product?
What can I do at my birthday party?!?!?!?
Is there sugar free sugar?
do many people use drink coasters anymore?
What is an alternative to chicken noodle soup?
How much of a difference is 4.2% ABV beer and 6.8% ABV beer?
Why does label like for example green tea I see it does not contain vitamins e?
Where r all teh burger??
whats a good simple clam chowder recipe?
What types of alcohol are served at high school parties?
what should i get for dinner at the Thai restaurant - tonight?
Bartending School, is it worth it?
Can an addict trying to stop still hang out and drink with drug friends?
How to find methy alchohal from ammonium accetate?
How are string beans cooked on a string ?
Can combining alcohol make 100% abv?
Does vero mango candy make you gain wieght ?
What does a high-quality bourbon taste like?
Can I be on a diet with only $25 a week? Please help!?
Where can i buy goldfish crackers online that will ship to australia, or within australia?
Tamil nadu traditional food?
how can i extract nicotine from tobacco?
I am almost 21 but look young, how can I get carded when I go out with friends?
21st! What should be my first drink?
Why does everyone seem to love chunky salsa?
How much should I estimate for alcoholic consumption for event?
Who are some companies/ people against the meat industry?
Any good chocolate chip cookie recipes :p?
how to talk to your friends parents while drunk?
How to cook mi curry?
Is it tacky if I ask my guest not to bring gifts to my salsa birthday party?
Why do you have to be 18 to serve drinks, but 21 to pour them?
I dont like water but want to eat healthy?
where to go on an anniversary date?
What does fresh ground peanut butter and yogurt taste like when you add Stevia.?
what is the best green tea?
Does anyone have a good vegetarian diet?
What are the best foods to eat on a diabetic diet?
What do i have to bring on my first day of work at hungry jacks australia?
Spinach Omelette - Should I saute spinach first or not?
Can i use a travel mug with a Keurig K-Cup K10 mini brewer?
What is your favourite dish to cook during Summer and why?
Why does coffee make me feel so good?
What do the Winchells Donut shop use for their coffee!?
how do i make this into soup?
What is a good Starbucks drink that can wake me up?
What is a savoy truffles (the chocolate)?
Where can I find Starbuck's hot cocoa classic copycat recipe?
Binge eating disorder question?? Advice needed! Please!?
funfetti original frosting??
how much is to much.?
What are the best dishes to freeze leftovers?
Why do people get so annoyed when I explain we do NOT need any B12 supplements?
where can i buy a large container (gallon of larger) of 91% isopropyl alcohol. Preferrably online. Thanks?
Help! Chocolate Addiction!?
Where does water from water bottles come from?
What Can I Bake My Mom For Her Birthday?
Is tio nacho a good detox shampoo?
Who likes to eat sloppy Joe's more between guys and girls?
How much can one make as a busser?
Is african peanut butter candy a food in Africa?
I still hate the taste of alcochol. Any help?
Cinnamon Rolls? Sausage & Egg Burrito? Or a Bowl of Fruit Salad for breakfast?
Is crab meat in a can good or not worth eating?
Has anyone tried the coffee beans at sprouts grocery store?
Do you eat crabs and lobsters?
I keep losing weight. i want to eat and cant how have an appetite?
How many teaspoons equal a tablespoon?
Would you eat ketchup/mustard/mayo that had been in a fridge without power for 48 hours?
What's best for dessert: cake, cookies, or donuts?
Help!!! Im nervous to go to school tomorrow now-__-?
i ate too many skittles...?
What are good crêpe fillings?
How can you call yourself an animal lover?
Ok Dippers I need to ask y'all a? Tobacco?
is chocolate good for teens skin?
how do i make Carmel candy Apple's?
Can liquid soy lecithin be totally blended into water?
whats the best cigaretter that gives feeling?
what is a great authentic russian recipe?
where can I buy the square pizza from school?
Reese's Peanut Butter M&Ms or Jolly Ranchers?
When you thaw out hamburger meat and there is blood in it, is it best to drain the blood or cook with it?
How are people motivated to overcome alcoholism when they are alcoholics?
how long does humus last in frig after making it?
What is alcoholic cirrhosis?
how do i get my steak?
I don't know how to cook?
i can't get drunk help?
What is your favorite wine to drink?
Does buying fruits and vegetables for the nutribullet get expensive? Glowing green smoothie?
Would this be considered a \drinking problem?\?
Does buying fruits and vegetables for the nutribullet get expensive? Glowing green smoothie?
Baking chicken: What am I doing wrong?
I left an unopened trader joe's burrito unrefrigerated overnight on accident. Is it safe to eat?
Party Ideas/Games For 15th Birthday Parties?
Where can you buy Starbucks ice cream in Louisiana?
What are the benefits of eating fruit?
How much does it cost you to buy groceries to prepare one week's worth of food?
What does coriander taste like compared to cilantro?
Refrigerate or freeze or leave out chocolate loli pops?
will baby bettas eat frozen glassworms?
Is Ramune soda healthy or unhealthy?
How do i make cheese dip in microwave?
When you walk by a field of cows, do you feel tempted to stop for a snack?
Are e-cigs bad for you when your a teenager?
The frozen beef tips I bough don't seem to be browning. What's going on here?
What's the last thing you ate?
My special blend tea bag broke from boiling the tea too much?
so i ate expired salad dressing..?
Does chocolate sauce harden in the fridge?
What should I do with a day to myself?
Fun for people over 21 too?
Can malibu be used as coconut liqueur in cocktail recipes?
What is your top 5 favorite food?
What sort of hypocracy is this?
how to make avocados taste good?
Some rat advice would be nice (no rhyme intended)?
Is 780 of sodium a lot in 7ounzes?
How fattening would chocolate milk be?
What is the best recipe for oatmeal cookies?
Is there a snack or candy that will ease my appetite for an hour or two?
Does anyone know a good recipe to make cheesecake style pud without cream, gelatin or evaporated milk etc in?
Vegans, how to you get your vitamin b12?
Please confirm What is alcohol?...?
how is lobster processed for market?
At what age should children learn the truth about where their meat comes from?
Will beer show up in blood test?
Why haven't I been eating well?
People when will you realise that animals are not an ingredient?
What would it be like to be ridiculously drunk and stoned at the same time?
does anyone know how to make applebee's fiesta chicken chopped salad?
Does anyone know why Carlton Draught is the king of the beers?
I was wondering what is 2 lbs of pecans in cup??
Anyone know of good party games for teens????
Drinking beer question?
What are some simple snack ideas?
How to become a Hooter Girl?
What is the average weight of a Hooter girl?
what herbs/seasoning to use in a chicken Casserole?
Hunters: Would you date a vegetarian?
recipe for cookies calls for instant pudding can i use cook pudding?
Can I eat a beef roast two days past its sell by date?
Will angel hair pasta work with ramen season?
I need Sweet Sixteen birthday party ideas!!?
Why do people eat meat?
How fast do you need to drink to get drunk?
How much did a 16-ounce Coca-Cola cost in 1914?
Does eating a lot of crispy or crunchy food make it hurt when you poop?
Can you use waffle mix as a cupcake/muffin/cake mix?
is all fruit 0pp on weight watchers?
is it possible to slip someone enough benedryl to make them unconscious?
What is the best ice-cream shop?
what do Italians eat on La Befana?
I drank a rotten juice...Can something happen to me?
Swiss Cheese Crock Pot recipe change, no stuffing?
Is it true that when you first start drinking wine, your pallet goes naturally to sweet wine and as you drink?
Fish with low mercury levels? (UK)?
Where can I buy royal riviera pears?
how to make one serving of iced tea?
Corn syrup-free alternatives to Mrs. Butterworth?
Do companies have to say what meat gelatin they are using?
Where can I get Andy Capps Hot Fries in Europe?
Did I not eat enough before drinking?
What happens if you don't use egg in pasta?
What flavour crisp packet makes the best condom?
When I menstruate I crave whiskey. Is this normal?
Can you drink if your taking Co-amoxiclav?
How can I get my knives sharpened?
Girls sweet 16 party ideas?
what should i have for dinner?
Im from england does anyone from america want to do a candy swap ive never done it before?
looking for some healthy but yummy food ideas!?
Sleepover Drinking Help?
What are those paper thin things you often find as cake decorations?
Bought a Saveloy (Sausage) from fish/chip shop. It was partly GREY Inside, I ate half of it.?
What's your weakness when it comes to snacking?
How do I make a great sandwich?
which fruit is better for you, an apple or grapes?
pineapple use by date and storage help.?
Bought a Saveloy (Sausage) from fish/chip shop. It was partly GREY Inside, I ate half of it. I am scared.?
What is considered as a binge? How much and what foods would a binge include?
Bought a Saveloy (Sausage) from fish/chip shop. It was party GREY Inside. WHAT IS THIS?
Difference in beating eggs....?
what causes some food to have more fibre then others?
Describe what would be all included in one binge setion.?
Rolling rock or Pabst, which is your prefered beer?
Cancun Summer Party: what do I need?
are cheetos twists discontinued?
Shisha pen any flavours recommended?
What are some good sides to have with this dish?
How much does one slice of bread cost?
What's your favorite indian dish?
How much does one serving of meatloaf cost?
howany calories in a cup of spaghetti?
How do you make those snack pepperoni sandwiches?
does milk really expire?
Nice shisha combo and flavours to try?
Vegans I need your answers right here, please!!?
How much whey protein should I take after workout and till how much time?
is 1 serving of creamed of wheat 1/2 cup cooked cereal?
Must PETA employees be vegetarian or vegan?
What kind of strawberry ice cream has a lot of strawberry chunks in it?
what is strawberry nesquik powder plus?
My sister just ate out of date chocolate. Will she get sick?
Who made the George Foreman grill?
Doughnuts please help?
POLL: What are you having for dinner, and what country are you in?
How to summarize and introduce a cooking video?
What food did they eat in China?(Mughal Dynasty or earlier)?
Where Did the Apple Go?
How much coffee should i put in?
just got a job as a Pepsi merchandiser. do they get random drug tested?
Which of the two - beer and carbohydrates,leaves the stomach earlier and why?
Why do many people say we need meat to be health?
a good chicken pot pie recipe?
I want to share my family recipes on internet? how to do this?
where are root beers sold in the uk?
Define and differentiate between Micro-operation and Micro-instruction.?
How long can a person be drunk before it kills him?
Do vegetarians ever return to meat?
Does anyone know dbz ut cheats?
Quick cheap healthy meals to cook (vegeterian)?
What is the difference between Apricots and Peaches?
I have a 3-crock slow cooker, i want to make bone-in porkchops. Anyone know of any easy recipes?
Chewy's strawberry daiquiri recipe?!?
Dunhill Lighter advice needed?
are there any good Spanish dishes taste actually taste nice?
Red-beans and rice left out over night in a cold house?
how long does red beans take to harvest?
POLL: Regular eggs or Egg Beaters Egg Substitute?
What colour is Lucozade Original flavour?
Is Americas tap water the cleanest?!?
what colour is Lucozade Original flavour?
What is the best type of food to cook?
I pre-baked a frozen store-bought pie crust for pudding pie and crust tasted weird. Why?
i kept throwing more then 3+ times.What can i eat for breakfast?
do you really have to sign for alcohol if you order it..how will they know whats in the package?
is it possible to die by eating a lot of food?
What's so bad about Gluten?
Are pigs a kind of fruit?khkhkhkh?
I eat dal and rice daily, is it good diet?
Ingrediants for Bento Box?
What is the expiration date for this expiration code? (3156A)?
Lebanese moghrabieh fattening? Whats its calories?
How to make a perfect cup of green tea?
want recipe ideas for cooking dinner?
Eggless icing recipe / tricks /tips?
Will my chicken spoil by tomorrow morning?
Don't you just hate Cauliflower?
Vegan food reviews, tumblr or Wordpress?
Why does it seem alcohol helps?
What is the price of raw cashew?
Just found a huge Spider in a salad I just ate a whole heap of, should I throw it up now?
Is Boneless chicken good amount of proteine for?
is drinking alcohol at 15 Bad?
what is your favourite food?
how long will urine stay good refrigerated?
What are some good, cheap, healthy vegan meal ideas?
Question for vegetarians: Do you eat gelatine and/or jelly?
Yesterday i got a Blu E-Cig starter pack...?
4 gm Imodium = ? teaspoons?
When i make paneer there is sour smell in it what to do?
will they know i put water in my piss test?
What is your favorite meal to have on your Birthday?
Why do hazelnuts taste so different when I eat them in the US compared to when I eat them in Turkey?
Which way is better to eat sweets?
what is best electric steamer or pan steamer , iv never used any?
I have 60 proof alcohol in my house that sat around could i still get drunk from it.?
What's one food you could never get sick of eating?
How MUCH is 3 slices of ginger?
Someone please explain to me what I need to eat, and what's healthy?!?
Does Pho contain egg?
Nose Runs Whenever I'm Enjoying My Food?
What whiskey should I get next weekend?
Over the top 16th birthday party for girl?
Is it true eating chilli with the stem can avoid us from diarrhea after eating chilli?
How much water should I drink a day?
I ate 50 Reese's pieces I want to eat the whole box should I?
How long is my Nutriblast going to last for to be fresh?
Are these good for you?
How long does cooked vegetables last for in the freezer or fridge?
How long does it take alcohol to leave the system?
Why am I eating so much so randomly?
Poll: What is your favorite flavor of yogurt? greek or not?
What state or city has the cheapest beer?
Do I loooooove my GF Grill I got for Christmas?
Hops-free beer recipes?
Would you allowed to drink juice during coffee break?
Does anyone have good recipes for fava beans?
eating fresh oysters?
Good pipe to try pipe smoking for first time?
Wat can i do to get my taste and smell back while having a cold?
What happens if I eat dry ice?
drinking water with lemon im the morning is tjat gpod for you?
Should I serve pepperoni pizza at my party, as a vegetarian?
Can someone with lactose intolerance eat chocolate peanut butter pop-tarts?
Nutrients label says 0 grams of sugar but the ingredients includes sugar? What?
Where can I find low sodium foods and/or recipes?
What wine would go best with Nutella?
Fried Chicken, Breaded or Battered? and Why?
I need some ideas for healthy breakfasts, lunches, dinners, and snacks?
2 caps of magic mushroom/shrooms?
eating too much yogurt a bad idea?
What some of foods do you like in your burrito?
Will beer show up in a doctors blood test?
Poll: Pot roast or chicken and dumplings?
I heard baby carrots are full of chemicals and dyes and are bad for you, is that true?
Does octopus taste good?
Does anyone know what kind of Octopus style ate?
Is mixing starches and proteins dangerous?
What happens if you bake bread with a clear soda like Sprite?
starbucks reward, free birthday drink?
can i get a refill on a iced vanilla latte?
Where to find Flying Dog Raging Bitch IPA Beer?
Best Beer for the Wisest Wizard? Wizard-themed beer?
whats this sandwhich filling called?
Can you drink expired beer and old opened whiskey?
How many shots of Jack Daniels will get me decently drunk but not ridiculous drunk?
do they make water bottles out of pure silver?
How do I roll dough or cut veggies or meat to a specific thickness without a ruler?
Why do I get gas from drinking milk?
Yay or Nay for spinach souffle'?
Why don't I crave chocolate/sweets/junk food anymore?
Coupon Noob: Help with doubling/stacking coupons, can you double manufacturer coupons?
How much weed do i need to make 8x8 brownies?
Where in Australia can i buy Creamy Lancashire Cheese?
Healthy non stock vegetarian soup recipie ideas?
Delicious vegetarian soup recipes?
How do you prepare nachos and cheese?
First time drinking questions?
How is Pork and Beans when they are blended to the point of almost being liquids?
Is this normal to have to use so much charocal for a smoker?
Can someone help me find Celestial Seasonings Chamomile Green Tea?
how long does weed stay in my system ?
Hookah bar age in phonix AZ?
Can you help me with my birthday cake design?
Party holiday destinations march ?
My stomach hurts cause i ate a bunch of expired candy help !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!?
Can I get a Dirty Chai Latte in my Starbucks January Tumbler?
Absinthe: Why put sugar on a spoon rather than in the cup?
Should i avoid mixing marijuana and rum?
Legal age to drink(NOT BUY) alcohol on an Indian Reservation?
Is banana a fruit or a nut?
Has anyone ever heard of Solana Tequila?
What type of wine would you suggest?
Old milk left in car?
Do you prefer Scotch whiskey, or bourbon whiskey?
if i drink alot of water will i be sick?
Why does milk give people gas?
What are some all natural baking alternatives?
why doesn't coffee smell like it used to?
How many times can u freeze cooked turkey?
if i bake a pizza on a silicone mat, will it get crispy?
Do you have to glaze a ham?
can you drink wine while taking Ciprofloxacin?
looking for some quick and easy dessert recipes?
looking for new recipes to try pasta, noodles or stirfry only.?
Would coconut oil act as a stabilizer for homemade nut butter?
Can you cook a smoked ham in a roaster?
I need theme ideas for my 13th birthday party!?
So i just wanted to ask what Samuel Adams bottle cap saying international award winner means.?
Can someone tell me foods that are easy to purge?
Accidentally juiced 10 apples with the sticker on them. Can I still drink it?
what percentage of drinkers are problem drinkers?
Ideal baking temperature for cakes?
Can alcohol leave the system in just 2 days?
what flavour cupcakes would you like to see in a bakery?
How do you like your eggs?
So im planning a 90's themed party for march..?
At what temperature does beer freeze?
How to get rid of smell after drinking?
When should my pot roast be done, been in the crock pot since 11am?
what happened to my baked beans?
What are the differences between cheap wines and expensive wines , besides the price .?
how to cook fish filets?
what is the best root beer in uk and where is it sold?
What is a Tardis Cake?
I have a question to Experienced Alcohol users?
Really Need help please... Thai Seafood...?
Are you more of a wine drinker or beer ?
Is it normal to NOT like chocolate?
How long can you keep vodka and coke for?
Can you reheat rice one time after it been cooked?
Doesa nutrition Whole Food Brewers Yeast ferment sugars to alcohol?
What is the best and cheapest beer on the market?
Betty crocker snicker doodle cookie recipe?
What times what equals 21?
What alcoholic drinks shouldn't you mix?
WHAT IS THE BEST TEMPTURE TO BAKE BREAD?
How much and how often should I eat?
Have I eaten too much today?
Best food to serve in a pub?
am I the only one who eats waffles and applesauce together?
how do you make bread last longer?
what are the best vapourisers for cannabis?
How do I make brown stew chicken?
Do all fast food places use syrup in their fountain drinks?
Have you tried that twist and burn exercise?
best soup recipe? something simple.?
I ate pickles and drank diet pepsi and now my stomach is feeling bad...?
Do I need to change any of this crockpot work?
what good job can i get if i smoke weed?
Why does the tornado oven cost $10,000?
I accidentally ate paper? Mia it something to worry about?
Will my parents notice I took a bottle of vodka?
If start taking diet pills can I still drink alcoholic beverages?
What can I cook??????
How long will a Subway sandwich last if stored in the freezer?
How to make lasagna with soaked cashews?
What is your opinion on Daiya Cheese?
Hello vegans, healthy eaters, Vegetarians help me out.?
How to use a wooden tofu press?
IM SO ADDICTIED TO GUM!?
habesh girls (Ethiopian' ertrean vs somali girls?
I melted some of plastic spoon in with peanut brittle can I still eat the brittle?
What are those red cups that American 20-somethings drink from on TV?
places to buy party stuff?
Does GMO free also mean pesticide free?
Does this make me a \lightweight\?
I can only drink from a bottle?
Can I give a body shot with a different drink than alcohol?
So you not suppose to mix Hennessy?
Other regular drinkers; is there a type of teeth guard that can be worn to protect the teeth from alcohol?
What has more caffeine in it,tea or nescafe?
what are some good sides to serve with tilapia?
What does it mean if I crave junk food but when I eat the junk food I end up feeling sick?
What to add to lipton onion soup?
New at home brewing. I did a batch of beer and a couple of \inmate wines\ from youtube.?
is there a microwave oven with a lower-side grill heaters?
Desided to try vegan, need some questions answering?
What part of the grocery is pesto in?
How much is large raw shrimp selling for?
What part of the grocery is pesto in?
Where are the best whole food markets, and what are there names?
What is the best Asian Fusion Food?
Has anyone taken a Mr Smiley euphoria shot?
What are the best types of Sushi to eat, and what should I combine the meal with?
Can I use dried beans instead of rice to keep moisture out of sugar?
Will I get sick now? I ate some chicken flavored instant noodles that expired over 2 years ago?
how to make grill chicken breast juicy ?
what are some plain milk recipes ?
What's your best slow cooker recipe?
what shall i do for my 14th joint birthday party with 20 people?
Would you say that I got a good bargain for my sushi?
How much beetroot juice do I need in ML?
How long can ham be kept in the refrigerator?
Daphne Oz recipe for Chicken Paillard (sp?) from The Chew today?
i have a bottle of veuve clicquot ponsardin la grande dame 1985 in the box and i have a few questions?
what is the full form of PEPSI?
Will I ever drink again?
Mexican Wedges; Deep fry or oven? 10 points!!?
My moonshine is coming out weak, see additional details.?
Cooked Dungeness Crab?
How Long Does A Cup Of Coffee Take To Wear Off?
Aero white choc is cumin in the shops in march ..?
My report say, the blood contained 0.0941 gram percent W/V of ethyl alcohol, what dose it mean ?
oh my god. plzzzz help me my birthday is near i need suggestion. be fast?
What's this runny slime in the freezer?
Can you put honey in a blunt to help smoke better?
Can you put weed in the freezer overnight?
Put seafood in straight away in PAELLA?
Why spaces appears in bread after its formation?
Why yeast is used in fermentation?
What makes restaurant toast so superior?
What can I do with about 1/2 lb of leftover pork roast?
Any idea for recipe with Wiener Wurst?
Step to open mamak restaurant?
Favourite dairy alternative milk?
Meals for a family celebration, any ideas?
Is it okay to drink a lot of coke and lucozade a day?
Do more people eat fish or drink Coca-Cola around the world?
Can you describe with one word the way you eat?
Birthday Party Ideas!?
what is cheesiest pizza called?
Which tea detox is better?
Cheap all you can eat in L.A?
Who's is Greek yoghurt better?
Can I use multivites gummy vitamin for my diet meal ?
Will 3 quarts(750mls) of beer get me drunk?
Nutella or Peanut butter? Which one is better?
What is the yellow fruit with red seeds inside ?
My oven is broken, what should I eat?
egg less cake without baking soda or baking powder??
What meat did you have the hardest time giving up when becoming vegetarians?
What is actually \Nestle's Dessert Cream\?
I have a bread machine.I have the ingredients for white bread. What can I do with left over?
best of davidoff cigarettes?
What made you decide to become a vegetarian or vegan?
Food has defrosted, do I have to throw it away?
when are they going to make dreweys beer again?
Gluten free school lunches?
where can I apply to pepsi?
FRIENDS.PLS TELL ME THE PRICE OF TOMATO SAUCE &SOYA SAUCE IN INDIA?
what kind of healthy foods should I put on my juice bar's menus?
How to reheat frozen and defrosted roast dinner?
What are easy and yummy things to eat?
What kinds of things do you love to do with soup?
Why is my instant yeast dead? I keep it in the fridge and it expires next year.?
Should restaurants serve coffee only on Mondays?
when you sniff cocaine/coke...?
Can anyone suggest a good cheese fondue recipe?
Does a small bread dough need lesser time to rise OR does it need the same amount of time as 5 cups dough?
Does a small bread dough need less time to rise?
Can chicken be frozen on the use by date?
A cake is made in microwave mode or convection mode?
Is tamarind good for pregnant women?
How to open doughnuts shop?
Pizza Patron vegan ingredients?
does anybody here drink 1st thing in the morning like i do?
Can I use grey pumpkin for soup?
Best Pod Coffee Machine for a beginner?
Making a latte without it going cold?
fridge and freezer temperature?
Fairy tails is it boring or good?
How can I make Lasagna?
food dishes to make boyfriend?
My brownies always come out like cake! Why!?
which is the best cake recipe in \the essential cake boss\?
Which is the popular sweet in India/Pak?
what is the target market for chocolate biscuits in Australia?
what can i make sweet with these ingredients?
how much macaroni is too much?
How do you make a cake in a cup without vanilla extract?
Is brandy better served warm?
What is the purpose of in-store tasting?
All I do is think about food...?
Result of mixing calciam & redoxide?
how to be able to drink captain morgan rum?
is hookah considered smoking?
What blender is better nutribullet from magic bullet or the Bella rocket blender?
there are 2 liters of fluid, of which 75%wine and the remaining 25%water.determine how many cubicmeters of win?
What can I make with bonito flakes (fish flakes)?
How fast will these bottles of water freeze?
I drank a half ounce of Shrooms tonight?
Can I freeze a cooked cheesecake?
What food do you refuse to eat even if starving?
What other vegetables (or fruits)will I like?
mushrooms are an acquired taste?
Please list the 10 best sandwiches in the world?
is there a real good chance that I'm going to have drinking problems?
how to make your own pot for smoking weed which can be joined with a bong?????
How much is LemonWater bottle?
Looking for Ana friend. Someone who is 5\4 please.?
what are some recipes for the 2in 1 skillet?
What happens to almond milk when it expires?
I'm vegetarian so should I eat the ingredient, gelatine flavour?
Is it bad to eat old watermelon?
How many ounces equal a cup?
Do traditional English scones have egg in them? Most recipes don't but I do find some that do.?
How much alcohol in a shot?
how to make coffee for a 0.5L flask?
granola bar ? is it good or ?
How to make Brisket in a bonfire?
what is the shelf life of honey?
Do you have to cook with herbs or stir them in at the end?
Can coconut oil or olive oil work?
Can and should Asian Carp be considered for a cheap commercial food source?
Where to buy Heinz Sweet Relish in Australia?
If you eat a meat analog does Heaven count it as meat?
I need a mixologist to help me create my drink chasser .?
Brita water filter.. help?
Changed the temperature on my fridge and it just popped off. Help?
Where can I buy mini wine bottles for wedding shower favors?
I feel like I ate so much food?
I'm an ovo-lacto vegetarian, If I drink milk do you think I'm directly supporting the veal industry?
Can vitamin c be used along with vitamin a?
I want to be a vegetarian but I only like raw vegetables?
Do they sell Scampi in NZ?
How much cocaine can a person snort?
Mixing wine with sprite?
How do you get your B12 on a vegan diet?
how can I buy a knife that will cut rutabegus?
How does Chipotle keep their quacamole green?
what can i do for my sweet 16 birthday party?
Need ideas for a 9 yr. and 2 yr. old girl birthday party.?
Kabocha Squash nutritional data?
Made chicken but it didn't cook properly. Can I just put it back on stove?
How can I get cigarettes?
do you like butter?can you eat it without feeling guilty?
Why does the loaf of bread get hard on the bottom only?
Is there 'SWEET & SPICY BBQ' SunChips in Canada?
Do you enjoy eating chicken divan? How could you improve on the recipe?
Would lemon iced tea taste good with rootbeer?
Can I buy a hookah pipe/vase online from amazon if I'm under 18 in California?
How do you cook sauerkraut? With heat ?
Which would you choose?
Are there any chicken wrap/stuffed pita recipes with apple?
Is red meat good for dancers and weightloss?
how many days will beef vegetable soup keep in the refrigerator?
How long will a packet of jelly snakes last?
Should I get drunk tonight?
9\ cake recipe for 2 6\cake?
dont you know the facts?
Can one brand of bottled water taste better than another?
Vegetarian for 10 years craving meat?
Wine tour First time for 21 Birthday?
Need to avoid sweet snacks, what do I eat instead?
How to make breakfast smoothies more filling?
what is the classiest alcoholic drink?
Two questions Hookah Vs. Bong and Smoking weed out of a hookah?
Having mini fridge problems,pleass help?
What is to much drinking?
Do baked beans & macaroni & cheese go together? Are they both carbohydrates?
anyone ever seen that budlight speaker box commercial?
can a cooked top of a can ruin your food?
Really good recipes for snacks?
What food is the most addicting for you?
how to brew black tea?
Which junk food you can't live without?
How to tell how much salt to add if you can't taste the difference?
what can I mix with fireball?
Where can I buy gum base?
How do tea companies like Teavana, and Adagio dry their ingredients for their tea?
Do they have yoohoo chocolate drink at marathon gas stations?
Where to start with cake decorating?
dry coffee creamer help?
Does the common bar in Edmonton do face scans?
I love to cook. Which Recipes?
Adding cheese to potato soup...?
How long should a beef and red wine stew simmer for?
How long can I leave a whataburger hamburger sitting out for and still be safe to eat it?
Healthy high calorie foods?
Healthy high calorie foods?
im making jambalaya but I can't find Tasso Ham ,any good substitutes?
I stole oranges from the supermarket. Should I have not done it?
I hate beer but what else should I try?
Does plain cream of wheat/farina expire?
what do u think of buttercream fondant?
Where can I buy blood balls bubble gum?
I accidentally ate meat!?
Is it safe to eat a few cups of sand over the course of a day?
its a Problem of the day question on food.?
What are some Meals/Foods you never Order at a Restaurant?
Why does water in new york taste so bad?
For smokers: Rolling tobacco healthier than cigarettes?
what is best cigarette camel turkish gold, silver, or royal?
Healthy good Meal Ideas ?
what is better camel turkish silver or camel turkish gold?
How do I change my previous starbucks gift card o a new one on the starbucks app.?
Food questionnaire for a project!?
For people who have switched to organic tobacco?
can i use county time lemonade in my kcup keruig?
Any good Egyptian recipes?
I have stopped consuming fizzy beverages?
Poll: Which food are you better at making from scratch, Italian or Mexican?
Is Cold Milk healthier Than Hot Milk or are they the same?
Is silk good for men, I bought almond milk and it contains silk?
How long do you microwave a potatoe for?
Which will aid in weightloss?
What can I do with a kilogram of milk chocolate?
how long do you put chcken breasts in a crock pot?
how long do you put chcken breasts in a crock pot?
What size of Camel cigarettes did they smoke in the 50's?
What was the best, Russian, Georgian wine circa World War 2?
Sweet 16 Party Themes. HELP?!?!?!?
Im bringing sliced garlic or bruschetta bread to a game party. What's a good side/tip to go with it?
Im bringing sliced garlic or bruschetta bread to a game party. What's a good side/tip to go with it?
new bottle of water is not being suckup to the tank?
Does cream soda actually have any cream, or products of cream in it?
I bought a frozen crab.?
Is a Caramel Macchiato a hot coffee, or an iced coffee?
how long can a cooked chicken breast stay at room temperature before it's no good to eat?
What ingredients are needed to make a brownie?
Do you know a vegetarian food that makes you feel full for many hours?
Recipes for London Broil that's easy for dinner tomorrow?
how long can can greek yougurt last unrefrigerated?
Has anyone tried condensed milk in their cereal?
what is a basic (plain) large muffin recipe?
Recipie for mocha cookie crumble frappuccino from starbucks?
Is it bad to replace meals with coffee?
What if all the food in the world was dessert?
party for 13 year old?
Bar in the french quarter of new orleans?
Recipe for Ruby Tuesdays Chicken & Mushroom Alfredo?
What can I mix easily with vodka at parties?
How do I make a blue cheese sauce?
I'm started out with icing sugar and want to make up colours to store away for decorating.?
I'm planning on buying some beer soon, suggestions?
Can I use water as a base for alcohol?
Name some cheap dinner ideas?
Cooking a Meal your Style, I would like...?
How much does one filet of Atlantic Salmon cost?
Does cheese contain Iron?
What are some Tasty fruity Vodkas for women?
Ok so basically if you drink a whole bottle of soy sauce you die but like why do you die like how?
are energy drinks really bad(monster/redbull) for you?
When you want spicy food, how spicy do you like it, on a scale of 1-5?
where can i buy ready made waffles in bulk in the uk?
Cooking directions \cooked and crumbled\ means what?
How long does tiramisu stay in the fridge?
is it ok to drink cranberry juice if it's expired from 2 years ago?
Can you put food in a travel mug?
STARBUCKS QUESTIONNNN!!!?
How to icing black rum cake?
Know any free sample websites?
How to get free things by mail?
How much alcohol will it take to get me tipsy?
what is the bar in toledo ohio that everything is $2?
when baking with flax, there is sometimes a fishy taste. Is there a way to cover or correct this taste ?
best oatmeal rasin cookies recipe?
What food to throw out after a 4-day power outage?
How long does tiramisu need to be in the fridge for?
What food do whites like?
If I eat 3 meals a day but don't drink can I be dehydrated?
I'm only eating one meal a day and energy drinks?
How can i stop my mum from drinking and smoking?
How has European countries had an impact on British food in the last 2 years?
Help! We had chili last night and my sister cooked it and now she is sick!?
How to cook frozen cabbage rolls?
What is the price of dungeness crab per pound at your market and where are you?
I want to start Birth control but I occasionally smoke weed and drink?
Would it be obvious if I watered down a bottle of alcohol?
Is weed an upper or downer ?
Yeast Bulk measure to Packets?
Chinese egg tart? Does it have to be reheated?
When can I have cold/iced drinks again...?
Why is it that cooking oil does not burn under room temperature but it tends to be combustible when hot?
What is a good recipe for a goat pie?
Do you know about eggs?
Is a Red Eye the same as coffee with 1 shot of espresso?
Cheap, easy and quick vegetarian foods that can be cooked on the stove of microwave/eaten raw?
what are good cuts of meat that can be cooked in a dutch oven?
I made biscuits with bread flour instead of plain flour and they have gone very wrong?!?
Is this a weight loss friendly meal plan?
Divide this recipe by 1/3?
how many points on weight watchers is a half cup of mashed potatoes?
I tried oven canning dried beans and ended up with moisture under the lids. what could i have done wrong?
For my 13th birthday coming up, I would like a kpop themed birthday party. What are some ideas I can use?
Using a siblings ID in pubs? Please help easy 10 points?
What are your favorite ways to use leftover baked ham?
How to detect if a walnut is safe to consume or not?
Is it still possible to purchase regular (not diet) lime coca-cola?
I live in limerick and cannot find Japanese rice for sushi... Anyone have an idea where I can get it?
Is beer a good cologne ???
Healthy clean meal ideas for students?
Which of these kitchen utensils are most essential?
Help need party theme for 13 party?
Canning jalapenos peppers/safety?
how to make snow ice cream?
How do you cook ham in crock pot?
what's the best sponge to clean a cast iron skillet or dutch oven?
Cooked hamburger meat when I add water this white substance appears?
How Long Will Marijuana Be In Your System?
Is lobster in italy better than nova scotia?
Yummy, easy breakfast ideas?
Has anyone ever tried this trick with burping after drinking soda?
Cheese rolls with puff pastry (help)!?
can i subsituite jagermister for rum in german chocolet cake?
Can you drink fizzy drinks if you have tonsillitis?
Can my food go bad if i dont cook it first?
How do you keep organic bananas fresh longer?
what type of alcohol should i drink?
I got a large bottle of liquor Galliano the bottle is a soldier, it its sealed with the box where can I sell i?
jadi jan why you put question mark on the salt ?i m asking which thing i use to made in the structur of sodium?
How long after the \Best By\ date is ground coffee that is packaged well still good?
What are some easy, quick, and healthy breakfasts for a college student? What are some things I can make?
Sugar substitutes for tea?
biscotti recipe with only once baking too lazy to do twice?
How to make espresso shots at home without a machine?
What finger foods should i serve at my daughter's first birthday?
From where can i get truffles home grow kit?
article on yong drunk and rash?
FAST, how to cook tortellini?
What does IV IV XIII mean?
Where do american candy stores get their products from?
How long dose it take for lentil soup too cook?
What's name of the dessert ?
Please answer me immediately...Can we refrigerate mixed fruit jam?
I soy bad for you or good for you?
safe to eat? frozen but 6 months out of date ciabatta?
Is pickled garlic as much as beneficial as raw garlic?
Bavaria Premium Non-alcoholic Malt (0.0%) - 24 x 330ml bottles?
Baking experts..help please?
Are thorntons chocolates halal?
Which oven should I buy?
Looking for a large container?
What's the best tasting, domestic inexpensive beer?
What makes you become vegetarian/vegan?
What Do You Drink And Eat If Your Pretending To Be A Vampire?
How to open Doughnut shop in India?
My 16th Birthday is coming up! :) Any party ideas?? Am I too old for a party? HELP?
Why are marranitos (pan dulce, also called cochinos or puerquitos) shaped like pigs?
can you eat raw red meat?
Are peppers (capsicum) best cooked as little as possible?
Which do you prefer: Tea or Coffee?
Raspberry Ketone Fresh Website?
Party ideas pweassee?
is it ok to eat meat when the fridge is broken?
what is the difference between phulka and kulcha ?and give me the best recipes for both ?
I have Coffee Ground Vomit?
What vegetable is this?
Why can't I eat healthily ?
how can you get rid of a chocolate headache?
Which is more toxic? 500 mg dextromethorphan hbr or 120 ml. of ethanol content(300ml , 40%)?
Is it against the law to return for exchange unopened bottles of wine to the store in Florida?
do bartender have to pay liquor shortages?
How to open a bottle of wine?
Which OTG with Rotisserie is best..?
Is it healthier to take Eggplant(Brinjal) with Cow Milk?
How come liquor can't be delivered?
Is mixing pills and tequila really dangerous ?
I have some very thick virginal discharge,it look like whit grated cheese ,what could that realy be?
Drunk in school today-?
what foods contain Adiponectin ?
Can I make a low calorie cake with greek yogurt?
I want to prepare nice dishes from different parts of the world?
Soy sauce I'm supposed to use has white bits?
I ate a jellybean :(?
Do you need soluble or insoluble fiber if you have very sticky (and somehow watery) stool?
Tomatoes and how to store them?
How do I make sauce for soba noodles?
sick from wine i need help?
What some of the better Irish beers?
15th birthday in winter ideas?!?!?
I ate some Gammaxine powder by mistake is it safe?
I need to make a fruit platter for Saturday to cater for 200?
Which is the best fresh or frozen fruit for freezing ?
Florida herbal pharmacy, marshmallow leaf c/s, 4oz ??????
List of easy and affordable cocktails?
How do I make sauce for soba noodles?
Are there any tea stores in long beach?
Are there any tea stores NOT tea rooms , in Long Beach Ca?
Ideas for White Elephant!?
Is there a good substitute for pink peppercorns?
bc-b is creamy layer or non creamy layer?
How come when you drink all the liquid in a bottle, there is always more liquid in the bottle?
Which is the best juicer for greens?
Are there any age requirements to buying red bull?
Miracle whip mayo been in fridge since October is it still good?
what is your favourite fruit and vegetable?
what would happen if i got caught with 190 proof alcohol in florida?
Can I take a sleeping pill with alcohol?
how long will white zinfandel wine last unopened?
Good recipes for beginner cooks?
I just started juicing; is this a good recipe?
texture differences between flour and cornstarch?
please how to stop growling and pooping?
Is it bad to drink Brita Filtration Bottle without replacing filter?
Do you like to eat soup beans and cornbread?
Healthy foods that fill you up?
16-year-old and Monster Energy?
I'm a vegetarian but all of my friends say that not eating meat causes early death. Is this true?
How long should guacamole keep for?
Which country does the best coffee come from?
Cute bento box recipies?
What are the healthiest foods to eat ?
What is your favorite cupcake and topping?
Is there a difference between skim milk and fat free milk?
Is there an alternative cheese extremely similar to Colby that doesn't contain milk?
What are some cake decorating store?
How to make moist chocolate mud cake?
Egg white reduce bodyweight?
is it okay to eat eggs and bread toast everyday?
My E CIG LIQUID NOT TASTING THE SAME AS FIRST TIME BOUGHT??
Oreo Cheesecake or Lemon Cheesecake? Which one u prefer and why?
What can I substitute for oil in a coffee cake?
vegetarians, why did you decide 2 be a vegetarian?
Recipe for vegetarians?
If I took tylonol cold then had quareter of a cup of wine would I be okay?
Are pickles swimming in vinegar or drowning in vinegar?
How much alcohol should I buy for my party? its about 100 people.?
How long will a salad stay after being made/or ways to preserve it longer?
Was this dank weed or spice? stoners help?
Is it bad if i put alchool from a bottle water i finished from yesterday?
What to do for a 15th birthday party?
Does UK Coca cola contain high fructose corn syrup or cane sugar? A reference would be fab.?
So who else is drinking alone tonight?
Can you get a joint out your system within 16 days by drinking water or is there a different way or you cant ?
I am Muslim, don't drink. I have heard you can inhale alcohol. Would it still be against my religion?
Why am I so hungry after eating?
Can you make sushi rolls with brown rice?
why would my glass chip for no reason?
Why is pimento cheese spread so expensive?
Is Smuckers hot fudge topping good still after 6 months past best used by date?
Is it possible for an alcoholic to drink responsibly?
Any non-greasy pizza?
How does this sandwich sound?
how to make tastey coucous????
What kind of bowl is safe to put ON a toaster oven?
What kind of melon is this?
I hate alcohol and don't get it, why do people actually like this stuff?
Can you order chinese food online with a debit card?
i'm looking for a moderately priced rum that i can buy and age for about 10 years and then drink.?
What things have you found in your refrigerator?
How long is a pack of gum supposed to last?
I need a FAST deep fried chicken thigh recipe !Please help!?
what will a 25oz of bud ice do to me?
What year did Miller Lite change from the 'classic' white logo or can to the blue?
Can you drink red wine and eat kiwi together?
kitchen aid Bowl lift mixer accessories?
Peanut Butter toast healthy?
Halal butcher shop vs non-halal butcher shop?
I need help finding this chocolate ganache cake recipe?
Why is it unsafe to thaw meat, then refreeze part of it?
What's your breakfast?
What is the best Scotch?
I need a good excuse not to go a 21 st?
Oatmeal with fruit expired August 2013, is it still good?
What food can i make for a 3 course meal from 60-39 BC Egypt?
Vegans/vegetarians: did any of you switch as a child, and if so, what age?
How old were you when you went vegan/vegetarian?
Want would be a good side for a grill out?
whats the best red wine under $40 a bottle? a Cab or Zin?
Does anyone know how to make egg soup?
I'm looking for string cheese for kids made from whole milk, not skim. What brands are there?
does the type of yeast affect the baking in a bread machine?
Difference between a whiskey and bourbon glass?
How do I make a pie chart?
What is your favourite meat? (Cattle)?
Have you noticed there's a wave of children choosing to be more ethical, and go vegetarian/vegan naturally?
What happens when you don't eat protein?
Can you mix caramel Baileys and Vodka?
why is alcohol a solution for me?
To the vegetarians...?
miracle whip or mayonnaise?
How come nutritional informational labels don't always add up?
how much wine would make me drunk?
themes for 13 year old b day party?
How to make the driest martini?
Ground beef sitting out for 3 days?
how to prevent overdosing on prescribed pills?
Is Holten Meat in Sauget closed tomorrow?
Bringing your own Starbucks Tumbler?
Do cigarettes go bad?
What is better cookware Stainless Steel or Hard Anodized?
What vape pen allows you to get the most from the flavor of the ejuice?
who loves frozen crushed watermelon?
I don't eat fruits or veggies?
Question about my Autumn Amber brew kit from Midwest supplies?
oh my poor pan!!! please help..?
Can i substitute whole wheat flour for all-purpose flour?
Would I feel any health benefits if I did dry January?
How much should i weigh?
My boyfriend binge drinks, to the extent that...?
How much do you spend a week on food?
how does it help becoming a fruitarian ?
what does ''Drak figure'' means??
What are some good protein rich foods?
Champagne and Red wine. Can that mix make you sick, or ....?
How do you make rose hip tea with dried rose hips?
What's a party girl body?
Drunk Guy Threw Up On My Couch,....?
Sweet 16... plz answer?
Pizza lunchables cheese is green?
What nutrient loss do smoothies undergo during the blending process?
anyone know of an easy, healthy stir fry sauce recipe?
Does going gluten free (Dr.'s orders) make you gain weight?
Is important for eggs to be room tempture?
Is there an American equivalent for Richmond sausages?
What happens to two week old spoiled sour cream?
party themes for 13 b day HELP !!!!!!!?
What are some of the best natural foods for losing weight?
Recipe calls for \1 egg white\, can I use liquid egg whites?
How long will 2 shots last me ?
Poll: If you could go to Taco Bell right now, what would you order?
Where can I get my proteins from on a Daniels fast?
dinner help we are snowed in and dont have much ingredients?
What is better copenhagen wintergreen pouches or grizzly wintergreen pouches?
How much are LARGE Frappuccino's at Starbucks UK?
Is my brother going to die from eating too much turkey dinosaurs and baked beans?
Does anybody know low-carb recipes?
Brown Spots on Nestle smarties?
is it bad that I can't cook?
Can vegans consume honey?
How to make yummy chocolate chip cookies?
What to put on chicken burger?
what are the properties of alcohols that make it useful as a fuel?
Who made the vertically layered chocolate cake that you used to be able to buy?
What steps should I take to become a vegan?
whats sausage made out of? its been bothering me ..?
does it hurt when you smoke out of your bong while ice is in it?
Can you put unpeeled fruits (like oranges) in a breville juicer?
Foamed up pop on my ice cubes.?
why my throat sticky when i ate sweets and chili foods?
Why do sausages always roll off the bread when you pick them up a your sandwhich?
Will 100mL of 100 proof vodka get me drunk ?
What are these called in chex mix?
whats the difference between table cream and heavy cream?
can spam with mayonaisse and relish in it be frozen?
Is Cadbury still British? Does the factory in Birmingham still make chocolate?
Do you avoid GMO foods?
What is the disadvantages of tea?
Stomic ach from alchohal please read?
Merrill's Shoe vegan?
I want a name suggestion for my tea cafe.?
looking to know how to making the dough for fritters?
How to get my boyfriend to plan a surprise party for me?
What are some suggestions of soft foods that an adult can eat after having an appendectomy and colectomy?
sick and i hardly drunk much alcohol?
looking for a recipe website?
Where to buy humane eggs/cheese/milk?
Melt candy melts and pour over rice Krispy treats?
What are blueberries supposed to taste like?
Who makes Marsala wine?
Which is better See's candy or Russel Stover candy?
I don't drink alcohol a lot of the time but when i'm drunk i shake and go cold, why is this?
Can you eat green beans while raking warfarin?
If your birth sign is horse, what effect does it have?
Why is fung suai so important?
2014 is the year of the horse, which other animal signs will be affected and to be cautious too?
Do you celebrate chinese new year, what are some traditional things you do?
what is the difference between coating and linning ?
What age did you start drinking at?
How to get to like the taste of beer?
my stomach keep making noise at school please desperate help?
Is it ok to drink coffee without chicory?
Red wine sold at Co-Op UK, beautiful bird symbol on bottle, but what brand is it?
What does a patron burrito have in it?
ideas to celebrate your 21st bithday in chicago?
Refreshing smoothies/shakes?
17th birthday party ideas?
Is turkey bacon made out of pig?
What is your favourite Indian sweet?
How to make \cookie balls\?
a question about oil?
Hi does anyone here work at Tescos?
What are good breakfast recipes?
What is the right portion size of spaghetti for one person?
is vegtable oil safe for hamsters?
What is your favorite recipe for mimosa?
Natural supplements for vegetarians? (lack of energy)?
Recipe for Vegetarian fried rice but without any vegetables?
I'm 15 is it too early for me to start drinking?
Why do Walls sausages smell sour?
I left a bottle if Mtn Dew in the freezer?
dessert recipe for someone with hyperinsulinism?
Food Safety Score Categories and Interpretation, can anyone give me a web link, thanks?
I need help planning my 18th birthday party!!?
17th Birthday Party PRIZE ideas????
What is the shelf life for opened shredded red cabbage in a jar?
how do you cook frozen chicken breasts in a oven?
Cooking for one, healthy and minimal ingredients?
What is a good theme for a sweet 16 birthday party?
What amount of triethalamine and water should be added to get 100 liter alcohol?
how do i get my dad to buy me dip tobacco?
How long would I need to bake steelhead trout for and what would be a good combination with the stuff i have?
How do i store honey biscuits to maintain its crispiness l?
whats a good dish to make with black olives?
Recipes worthy of going in my recipe box? :)?
cold chicken korma and egg fried rice?
Can we drink super mass gainer directly after finished serious mass?
How long does a fresh baked cookie last in the fridge?
Can regular Folgers coffee be used to make espresso?
Top 10 indian recipes?
I need to make a romantic meal but no to expensive?
Is this just a bad hangover?
My friends sometimes lie and say something's vegan when it isn't?
whats the national food of thailand?
What would happen if you used flaxseed oil to cook ?
what would be a good name for a caribbean jerk sauce?
What do you cook with pork loin steaks?
My stomach keeps making noises in school?
I drank half a pint of greygoose vodka and then re-sealed it but didnt re-frigerate it, is it still safe to?
I don't like coffee,help?
Can you drink from a coconut?
How do i cook a pork loin in the crock pot?
how do they get salt inside a pistachio?
What is the best K-cup coffee maker on the market?
Yacon syrup diet racommended by dr oz where to buy?
What kind of chocolate do you use for a chocolate fountain?
my beer was born on april 2013, bud light cans and sat in a garage for 8 months, is it still good?
Tea drinkers, I ask of you, what are your traits?
Why does sprite taste different at high altitudes?
Lunchbox ideas??????
cooking for 25 people?
i have a craving for weird stuff?
How to attract more customers to my bakery?
do all cocktails taste the same served as a martini instead? such as at a bar on the menu?
Advice for drinking alcohol for the first time?
Does anyone know the recipe for Chiquitos Hot Cheese Bake?
where can i buy graviola fruit around hereford tx?
What are good high calorie foods?
how many oz. in 1.75 ml.?
how much does a vegan spend on food in London per week?
How much is 21 ounces (oz) in grams (g)?
i consumed a part of rubber from a Red wine ! ( The bottleneck stopper or rubber)?
What are some foods that will help burn fats and what to avoid?
Do you like North Indian food and Mexican food?
gettinh enough vitamin B12 with sheep or goats cheese?
Making Copi Luwak coffee. Is it alright to?
what are the constituents of coffee?
Recipe says to leave dough to rise for 1 hour is it okay to leave it for 4 hours?
can you make chocolate chip cookies withought vanilla extract?
Can you put butter and nutella on the same bread?
Where can a 15 year old get a hookah pen?
hot chocolate in a coffee machine?
What is good cheap whiskey?
Which part of beef can I use for oil fondue?
Can I eat mince left out overnight?
What else can i cook in this egg cooker?
Is there a way to make alcohol taste better? Or tasteless?
dont know what to eat?
What would happen if you diced up an apple and put in in a hookah plain and smoked it?
Toughan glass enquary?
A Multi Cooker Question?
18th birthday party ideas for a girl? :)?
How many cups of water is safe to drink a day?
Chocolate bad or g???
13th Birthday Party Ideas?
I accidentally drank a swig of week old malt liquour/beer. Should I worry?
Dolcett Theme Bday Party Idea Opinions?
if i eat only soup everyday will that make me lose weight?
Birthday gathering ideas?
How do you cook steak?
i have a food problem help?,?
What is your national dish in your country?
What time do you usually eat lunch?
Why do I see more American food products in Canadian Store then Canadian food?
What can I do with tea bags I don't want?
Poll:Tea or Coffee...?
stop eating fiber to stop stomach growling?
What's the easiest way to cook a lamb shank and (separately) a Saratoga lamb chop for one?
betty crocker cake mix taste like eggs?
What brand of soy sauce is the best?
can i microwave my cake?
Alcohol problem. Need help!?
Alcohol problem. Need help!?
is a lil bit bubba kush and lil bit sour diesel better than hybrid?
What is the best brand of espresso machines, Delonghi ECO310 or GAGGIA color new espresso?
Where can I buy sweet lemons (citrus limetta) in Melbourne, Australia?
I need help with diet on a budget!!?
When was the last time you enjoyed a sweet treat that you made in your own kitchen ?
Can 8 oz. of champagne get someone drunk?
I have a clear liquor that starts with the letter L what could it be?
If I order food online and ask for carryout and I don't show up what will happen?
Is the tea going to be okay?
i have a German Shepherd dog. you not eat Food well so please eating well tips for me.?
how to make beans torborgee?
Is water okay to drink if its old?
If I pour 35% alcohol into a bottle of 40% alcohol what would that do to the overall percentage ?
am i a cereal killer if i eat cereal?
Tea Lovers, whats the name of these teas?
Eating the same day everyday not that good?
So now telling the uncomfortable truth is preaching?
am i still a vegetarian if i eat seafood?
what happens if ate a hot cheese pizza did we get blisters in back side of mouth roof?
Why do I like salty foods so much?
How do I stop my banana?
How to make a \cigarette\ that only produces water vapor?
Anyone got a recipe for fluffy whole wheat biscuits? Mine are like hard knots you make in the wilderness.?
vitamins and minerals in raw fruit?
How much wine before I get drunk...?
what is resume for banquet server look like?any advice?
I am making Shrimp Fondue. Need help!?
Do animal crackers have animal DNA?
Is there a way to create the pop rocks crackling effect in an alcoholic cocktail drink?
What is the name of the food press I just saw an infomercial for?
What drink should I get at gas station?
do you think I would like rare steak?
is .5% alcohol wine safe for kids?
Gluten Free Questions?! Please help!?
Have you tried the kind of tea that blooms into flowers?
Would you enjoy eating this? How could you improve on this recipe?
Swedish Pancakes with or without whipped cream?
How difficult would it be for someone to make a high-end bakery quality Napoleon style cake?
whats more expensive? ice cream or shake?
Can I eat those slippery grayish-white stuff in fish?
Hookah flavor help please?
Blender for smoothies?
Normal for white of candy canes to be yellow?
How do you know if ur buzzed?
A Club Soda drink? Help me?
What do you think of Guinness Draught beer?
Why is vinegar so inexpensive?
Sweet 16 birthday party games?
how do i stop getting the munchies?
Help me I'm addicted to bean sprouts??!!!!?
Food challenge question?
where can I find red oranges?
What should be the ideal breakfast?
Went for sushi today and thought this was really weird?
Helppp mee im fussssy?
Can i make a cow drink its own milk and make it energized ?
I want to switch to electronic cigarettes more, but can't get them?? (help)?
what are some good songs to play at a party?
What did you eat today?
Is it bad if I drink coconut water after it expired?
Making choclate chip muffins and...?
I started drinking vodka every day for about 2 months, Will i become an alcoholic?
Is an orange yellow or orange???! HELP ME PLEASE?
Cake help on website or blogging site!?
Can I colour my fondant icing with normal food colouring?
Birthday Ideas for 15 yr old girl?
I have. A recipe for iced coffee?
Why, when one asks a question for VEGANS, meat-eaters always interfere like parasites?
If I make fresh orange juice with blender and strainer, what are good things to do with extra pulp?
How to explain to parents about drinking?
Is pasta soup drinkable?
Who came up with umami?
shaped cake tin keeps burning cake?
whats a healthy/easy way to cook chicken breast?
What is happening to my buttercream?
Which foods will get rid of fat on thighs only?
Nice foods that dont contain sugar?
Is it tacky to ask neighbors for beers?
Why can't you take Raspberry Leaf Tea while on anti-depressants?
Any recipe ideas containing the followng items?
is haggis good for you?
How big is a typical \professional\ still for a distillery?
where sells alcohol to 14/15 year olds in coventry?
How many beers can I have before being drunk?
Does nissin cup noodles have pork gelitine?
If I engrave a message into the dough of a biscuit before it's put in the oven...?
Which foods help humans digest red meat?
Advice on using caffeine?
is out of date beer ok?
What would happen to the Lucky Charms Leprechaun if he ate Lucky Charms?
Is Distilling illegal in the US?
does anyone know any simple Doughnut recpies?
can I give my 3week puppies water?
Copycat recipe for On the Border's black beans?
How does Holy Spirits feel like when I get it?
Is there a certain food that you only eat during the holidays?
How much alcohol does Bud Light contain?
What is the best kind of spoon for extreme hot sauce?
How long will Jell-O shots in syringes last in the fridge?
does italian bread at subway have wheat?
Why is alcoholism more common in Scandinavian and Russian people?
What Vegetables are Unhealthy to Eat or can become Unhealthy to Eat?
Can i take an ibuprofen amd hour before drinking alcohol?
Why is tempeh bacon so good?
Healthy food ideas for my son?
Where should I go eat?
Healthy food ideas for my son?
What are some Savory Dishes that has Chocolate as a ingredient?
How many ingredients are in the MOLE SAUCE you make?
Vegans do you even know what they use for fertalizer for your precious plants?
Were we just buzzed or drunk?
I want to make healthy 'green' smoothies but don't know what kind of blender I need?
Why do beans, when I cook them myself, give me diarrhoea, yet canned beans do not?
I did a quick soak for pinto beans and the water turned yellow, is this normal?
A question for anyone who is/was alcoholic?
Which is worse for you; Coke or Mountain Dew?
Vegans: how would you reply to these stupid \survival of the fittest\ comments?
Will I lose weight on this vegetarian diet?
how long do i boil the chicken for chicken & dumplings?
Games like cafe world but bartending?
is it safe to drink apple juice after its past the expiration date?
Can you use rice noodles to make ramen?
What does eggnog taste like?
How do you like Mashed Potatoes completely Smooth or a little Lumpy?
Which white, or otherwise, starchy vegetables are comparable to the Potatoes, the Yams, and the Breadfruits?
Is pork red or white meat?
Do I drink too much? Am I an alcoholic?
What do you think of these whiskeys I'm going to drink tonight? (pic)?
What food(s) Diet version Taste just like the Original version ?
can you get addicted to hookah as much as you could cigarettes?
Costume party...please help!?
When a recipe calls for whole wheat flour is that self raising or plain?
How much poop equals 1 serving?
Should I use the syrup?
What is a Pescetarianism?
how to make quick yummy mashed potatoes?
what is someone who eats chicken Turkey and fish called?
Why is Nutella so overrated?
Are you a p*ssy if you throw up after 7 shots?
How does tea affect your health?
does beer contain palm oil?
What Should be served with steak?
What could happen to me?
how do you pass level 181on candy crush?
how long do i slow cook beef brisket?
Should I get an analog candy/oil thermometer or a digital one?
Best alcoholic drink to sip?
Why many restaurants have dented salt and pepper shakers?
Whats the difference between icing sugar and royal icing (outcome)??
Any good Korean foods you can buy in England help please help?
Are green potatoes good to cook?
what kind of mushroom is this?
How many cups is 7oz of crushed chips?
do outlaw double barrel rum cigars have nicotine?
Help thirteenth birthday . HELPPPP?
Am I the only teen that doesn't smoke, go to parties or drink alcohol/energy drinks here?
im trying to become vegan?
Will a two tier cake (9inch and 6inch) be too big for a family party?
Some Good Delicious Recipes?!?
What to do with extra peppermint tea?
do you think milkshakes taste nice?
What can I cook with coconut?
does starfruit ripen on a counter or in a fridge like bananas?
Can I ship bacon outside of the US?
Is it wierd to drink rum and coke at a highschool party?
does the application of blood of blue pigeons cure paralysis?
Opinions on a coffee/tea bridal shower idea.?
Steak for a family of 5?
Does milk hurt my voice?
how to make the best gobi paranthas ?
Should I go vegetarian?
how do I make a stew do I put the stewing steak in cold water first to stew then add veg plz help?
what's your favorite brand of \sriracha\ sauce?
When hosting dinner for another couple, and the host husband is pouring wine, whose wineglass should he?
Can I substitute dry white wine with Moscato in a lemon chicken breast recipe?
Harry Potter Birthday Party Goody Bags?
Foods that help you remember things you've learned?
What to use instead of vegetable oil?
Which would be nicer for my dinner?
is this a lot of alcohol for a girl?
Good cookbook ideas anyone?
Have you ever tried the Gay-Man-Goo. It's better than Lo Mein?
Is dextrose banned anywhere?
How to get rid of Tipsy ness ?
Is tomato soup a fruit smoothie?
She said \my people don't eat yabbies\?
Does marijuana give a major high or just a little buzz like having a few beers?
is drinking alone wrong?
I have just found a large bag of macaroni pasta in the cupboard anyone have a recipe? Other than with cheese!?
can I fry stewing steak and if so how do I fry it?
aluminum foil cookies?
Confused about firm and silken tofu??
Can I use apple cider vinegar instead of white vinegar?!?
Combination microwave . . . . confused . com!!!?
what's the difference between a Mr. coffee keurig and keurig Machine?
can you make pabst blye ribbon beer taste better?
A recipe for homemade pasta that is vegan friendly?
I just ate refrigerated eggs 7 months past expiration date?
Is this a good way to make sweet tea?
What are some New World producers of Sauvignon Blanc with very little grapefruit and no tropical flavors ?
Left uncooked polenta out overnight, is it okay to eat?
Good recipes that include sour cream?
can I reuse coffee grounds?
What was the weed laced with?
Why does an alcoholic need more beer to get drunk over time then they needed at an earlier time?
Can you make delicious meat pies with Phyllo dough in the Sunbeam pie maker?
What's the recipe for outback Steakhouse's white russian?
where can i find easy and simple dinner recipes?
Why does Starbucks retail stores do not include pump with Syrup bottles, website says its included.?
How does Spanish spaghetti differ from Italian spaghetti?
Having a rave themed sweet 16, help!?
how many people does a 6-inch, double layer serve?
how many people does a 9-inch, double layer cake serve?
How can I make Gluten Free Hamburger/Hotdog Buns?
Does anyone know where I can get a NON-ENAMEL cast iron shallow casserole,ie, one that is purely iron?
How much is 1 1/4 cup of heavy cream in ml?
My pie crust shrank! What do I do now?
How do I throw a Super Bowl Party?
what are effects of manual brewing opaque beer?
Please answer i need help!?
Why is tomato juice put in steel cans instead of paper or plastic containers like orange juice or milk?
My pot roast keeps coming out tough?
Would you eat chocolate covered bacon?
How many ounces of vodka will get me drunk?
what drink to order at an open bar?
What is the legal drinking age for non alcohol beer?
Does it not annoy you that you're paying extra for water in food products?
Ethical vegans: Would you agree to go to a restaurant with people who will buy non-vegan food?
How to make good tea?
Sweet 16 ideas, no party!?
What happens if one puts espresso grounds with coffee grounds?
How can I make quesadillas that look as good as this? Picture Included!?
Good ideas for teen party?
Moscato wine at Olive Garden where can i buy it live something something similar to that in Reading PA?
using a mini chopper destroys vegetables nutrients?
what happened to SQUIRT gum brand?
Where can I get Shock Top beer in the UK?
How to tell if my beer is still good or not?
Why did they make pepsi raw?
How do Americans usually eat their lunches?
How to season a chicken fajita?
Anyone know what brand of coffee they serve at I-Hop restaurants?
What is the best site to find the best gourmet cooking?
I hate that my dad eats my food how could i stop this!?
Is my beer still good? Or is it bad?
Why do Asians like sponge cakes?
Could you recommend any good AA meetings in the?
apprentice has any one ever done one before especially muslims or Asians and did u study first?
What does a typical Italian eat for breakfast, lunch, and dinner?
Is it normal to still feel sick four days after getting drunk?
Drank 4 first time last night please help?
What foods help to stop growing?
Is a British passport a valid ID in a California bar?
Asian soup called? I want to try it?
Whenever I eat something I instantly want to drink water?
What chocolate sauce brand can i use for mocha instead of hershey?
What chocolate sauce brand can i use for mocha instead of hershey?
Why do more men go out than women?
Is this refined or unrefined?
are biscotti supposed to have hard centers?
anyone knows a good chicken pizza recipe ?
how to become a reputed chef after completing 12th?
What are the #best stores to buy name brand coffee?
What are the best types of appetizers and desserts to serve at a dinner party?
Soya dangerous?? Someone claims the same?
Party advice - food, drinks and decor?
how do you make tater tots at home? is egg necessary?
does anyone know how to make crispy potato bites that can be had as a snack?
What is the best #tea on the market?
What is the best organic food to buy?
what variety of food will you include to get omega3 and why?
name a food item that gives us omega 3?
What is the best coffee to buy?
What is the best name brand coffee to buy #BestNameBrandCoffee?
If something ferments does that mean it's alcoholic?
I left beer gas on accidentally?
What should I do with this wine?
Teenager party ideas?
Three reasons why chicken dishes are so popular?
How to make porridge?
i want to know my pan number?
Cheap easy to make good tasting foods?
is there any type of special food u have to eat?
Shipping alcohol to New Zealand?
When blackening fish, is there a way to cut down on the smoke?
Any really good flapjack recipes?
can we build house near beverage industry?
I wanna buy voli lyte vodka....i live in navi mumbai and looking for a local dealer or any importer?
Teas that taste like juice/fruity?
Why is Hardee's an unpopular food chain?
my bf smokes weed and I drink?
Can you cook instant soup by pouring hot water on it in a bowl?
I am a vegan and travelling to Vietnam and Idonesia. What can I eat while I am overseas that is vegan?
who do people who are against abortion still hunt and eat meat?
How to give chicken an indian twist? easy!?
my son like chicken very much and I will put it into lasagna, How to cook easy chicken lasagna recipe?
I like lasagna very much but I am on diet now, How can I get low fat lasagna?
I hear a lot of good testimonial about lasagna recipe yummly, and I will try it for my family's dinner?
I am looking for a perfect solution for my children favourite food, they love lasagna very much.?
I like to create an easy authentic italian meal for my whole family and I am sure they will enjoy it?
ice cream shop name is Sweet n Cream. any slogan ideas?
Health conscious eaters...?
are there any companies that dont test on animals?!?
Cow's Milk alternatives?
What are easy to make traditional russian food that i can make for my class?
ice cream shop name ideas?
all those vegan townies out there! try this takeaway?
Natural milk alternatives?
any big companies that test on animals?
Can I buy Strawberry Kitkat in Singapore?
I purchased sel gri course sea salt. can I put it in a food processor to make it a little finer?
whats a butter and oil substitute?
Which cereals are rich in soluble fiber?
What foods should you eat while trying to losse wiegth?
Why do my cookies don't stay crunchy?
Why do my cookies don't stay crunchy?
How do I substitute liquid soy milk for powder?
What is your favourite breakfast treat?
Which cereal are rich in \whole grain\ or \whole wheat\?
I'm a horrible drunk?
Question about \Non-Alcoholic\ beers.?
Could you smoke tazo awake black tea?
Could a 40oz of budlight cause me alcohol poisoning?
frozen pizza left out, safe to eat?
Can you tell me about Camel Cigarettes?
I'm hungry ... and I wanna eat, what should I eat , easy stuff though !?
So my friend and i tried to get a lady to buy us alcohol outside of a gas station. She said no and went inside?
Can a steak be cooked frozen on the George Foreman grill?
Does anyone have a good recipe for eggnog?
whats good for delivey burger or pizza?
Is Australian wine better than French?
How can you make yourself eat quickly when your a slow eater?
Do i Eat my Pie hot or cold?
JUICE DETOX/WATER FAST ADVICE FOR A MOTHER AND WIFE..?
How much weed is a gram?
why electric kettle manufacturers ask not to boil milk?
Do i need Charcoal for my BBQ?
What is the best organic vitamin for women?
Anyone part of the RDA?
How do you prepare/eat those pickled pigs' feet you see at the store?
Alcohol Delivery in illinois?
What is your favorite malt liquor?
What are the potential consequences of taking painkillers and consuming alcohol?
what is the difference between roll oats ans quick oats?
what is the difference between roll oats ans quick oats?
What is an inexpensive meal to cook for me, my wife and our kids (12,6,3)?
My 1st time mixing cocktails. Any tips or secrets?
Are pork rinds made out of pig ears??
Is 4.6grams of weed too little for $70?
Poll: What is your favorite fish to eat in fish and chips?
Why do my cookies have a more bread-like texture?
Egg benefits ???????
What should I do for my 15th birthday?!?
What is the difference between a fruit and a vegetable?
standing up for myself for being a vegetarian?
How can I cut grocery costs?
How to store pipe tobacco?
Completely lost on cooking for boyfriend.?
Ideas for a teenager birthday party?
Is this normal after drinking?
Which fruit will create hair in our head?
Do other drinks (like tea) count as water? Enough to be healthy?
Does alcohol really kill brain cells? How much would you have to drink to get noticeably worse?
please tell the benefits of Orange fruit?
I have yellow spots on my turkey slice.?
what type of alcohol does Dave Grohl drink?
How many pumps of syrup does starbucks use in a white chocolate mocha (iced, grande)?
can you build tolerance to spicy food?
How much does 1 pound of brie cheese cost?
can you die from not drinking any water?
how much honey do you mix with lemon juice to get rid of a scratchy throat?
Are you more in love with Chinese vegetables rice with meat or Pizza?
can you use miracle whip in place of mayonaise in a recipe?
can you use miracle whip in place of mayonaise in a recipe?
What should I bring to a potluck? *DAIRY ONLY*?
can i substitute water for milk when making brownies?
As a 19 year old, how much should I drink?
i really want to cook my gf dinner but what i don't know ideas please xx ?
What should be my first alcoholic drink?
am i wrong for being sick and not wanting to drink?
People with gluten intolerance?
Is overheating food on your microwave bad for your health?
chinese food shop in enfield?
Would I be able to have ice cream by freezing it in the snow?
what is you favorite chip?
Why do I think about alcohol and getting drunk all of the time?
What's the average prices of large popcorn and 2 medium drinks at theaters?
would it be toxic if I smoked my weed out of a tobbaco can?
How can I make a smoothie with these things?
How does a 16 year old guy get into an over 18's/21's night club in Dublin, Ireland?
Where are the chips and dip that we need to go with all this drink?
can you put milk in your green tea to give it some flavor?
Will you please help me with my science fair projeect?
If a 15 year old male drinks a shoulder how long should it last?
How are eggs made actually?
I eat a lot of fruit too that's that mean I'm a?
Is this a decent protein shake/smoothie as a meal replacement?
Pizza with spinach prosciutto balsamic reduction?
Housewives: Does anybody have a good chocolate cake recipe?
Can I drink alcohol when taking neo citran?
What should I bake today?
Are there any 4 Michelin star restaurants? Why not?
What's the best FROZEN gluten-free pizza?
Does my alcohol consumption sound normal for my age?
Should i eat 4 organic cookies or instant oatmeal?
Should i eat 4 organic cookies or instant oatmeal?
Healthy foods to eat?
Healthy foods to eat?
Why does salad give me runny farts?
What is 0.4 units of alcohol converted into as a percentage of alcohol?
When is the expiration date for food, which says \best by ...\?
salt and vinegar crisps, or strawberry bon bons?
How can I fix my chicken pot pie?
Why is Champagne or Cognac considered a superior drink than single malt scotch?
HOW DO I MAKE GOOD ICECREAM?
I want to cook chicken but have no oil, butter, or non-stick pans...?
What brand of root beer does Sonny's BBQ serve?
How many drinks will it take a 15 year old boy that has never drunk before to get drunk?
How to throw a Super Bowl party?
What's the best frozen yogurt place?
How can a 15 year old prevent himself from getting drunk?
where to get a frappe machine from?
How many drinks will it take a 15 year old boy that has never drunk before to get drunk?
Ginger ale Green tea?
Can I still eat the popcorn if it'd expired 2 years ago?
How do juicers differ? Is a $100 one good enough?
Should I bring butternut squash soup to a party?
Alternative for pasta sauce? Urgent?
What Food(s) do you like the Diet version of better then the non diet Original Version?
What kind of person do you stereotypically imagine would drink Smirnoff Ice?
What should I do at my birthday party?
Vegetarian things to eat?
Is frozen yogurt popular in US?
Healthy lunch options?
who invented potato buds?
Is it safe to swallow fluoride varnish?
How long do they keep white fudge oreos until?
what do a grocery stores provide?
Simple and delicious vegetarian breakfast and lunch ideas?
How many calories does a New York strip steak have ?
Minimum age to sell alcohol in Washington state?
Is there anyone else that eats avocados this way?
When you buy Bread do you lightly Squeeze the Loaf to feel for Freshness?
How does one make a Krabby Patty?
I'm a vegetarian and on a no wheat diet and I am always hungry, help?
What type of seeds are these? I know Chaldeans eat them a lot ?
What can I eat (vegetation/allergies)?
how many degrees do i bake my cookie?
Can you support an alcoholic even if you live long distance?
Why aren't vegetarians vegan?
I have a 750ml bottle of sangria that's 6% alcohol by volume. Roughly how many standard drinks is this?
Can you mix hot chocolate powder and coffee?
Question about my first homebrew kit?
Can some people not take alcoholic food?
Ugg,just ate 1300 cals worth of snacks...?
Where to buy nori sheets for sushi in Whitby, ON?
Can my dad buy me alcohol at a football game?
favorote type of food?
Is it really unhealthy to microwave your food?
what Sub should i get?
Is it my responsibility to tell my alcoholic boyfriend about his drinking again?
I'm doing a custard an I don't know what scalded milk is?
Which vegetables are as good as Yams, Potatoes, and Breadfruits?
I need a good chicken recipe?
Do the YAMS of your country taste bitter?
what should I mix with 7up to make a great non alcoholic beverage?
What would happen if I had co codamol and vodka?
I seemed to have cooked a lot of good foods for the past 2 weeks and...?
For breakfast could i eat a small bowl of blueberries with half a banana and a glass of water?
Is eating one meal a day bad?
Anybody remember this banana bread?
Will using evaporated milk instead of whole milk homemade ice cream be ok?
What's the legal blood alcohol content for people under 21?
What is in chop suey from a Chinese take away in Britain?
What are churros y chocolate?
why did my buttercream icing color turn out yellow and not white?
True or false? You like frozen TV dinners?
What happened to my thumbprint cookies?
Corned beef, potato, onion & filo pastry?
Is it normal to have eaten a bowl of sautéed onions?
Make this recipe as written? Or add ... what?
Do you know what these are called?
What kind of birthday party should I have ?
Pod, Ground coffee and/or coffee beans machine?
Is tomato paste better than tomato sauce?
Where can I buy Bamba (Israeli snack) in Calgary, AB?
How many cans of beer will get me drunk?
crock pot chicken noodle soup?
Can I steam zip loc bags?
what your favorite dessert?
Milk substitutes for baking?
How to bake potatoes in home oven?
How to make a twilight cake?
I need simple recipes!?
How do I make cheese sticks this good?
Where can I buy Sam Adams Octoberfest now?
is milk thai tea with tapioca bad for you?
Which of the following is NOT a function of the recommended dietary allowance (RDA)? and other questions?
How much butter is 3/8 cup?
14th birthday sleepover ideas?
acids in fruits in soda make me sick?
Was my dinner healthy? How do I make it healthier?
Do you think a frozen lasagna that has been thawed (has paper tray) will be safe to eat if microwaved about?
need help with serving fosters beer?
Trying again: Which immersion blender would you choose?
which soda has the most fizz diet or regular?
How old do you have to be to smoke hookah in Co?
do you eat snow when you make ice cream out of snow?
Help with dinner sides....?
Is there such thing as Chocolate Macaroons?
Why am I so naseous ?!!!?
how come i always remember everything no matter how drunk i get?
sweet shop/brunch baby shower ideas?
Am I drunk? Or tipsy??
I ate at Denny's yesterday and got really sick afterwards throughout the day. What could have caused it?
Which immersion blender would you buy?
Help find this brand of ice cream?
Chicken breast: what is \unhealty\ if not organic. Baby nutrition?
Can you fry chicken in butter instead of oil?
what is the value of a neon corona beer sign?
Ideas for a sweet 16 birthday party?
is food posioning bad?
Monster Energy drink mouse found?
I'm not feeling well, hungry but need a hot drink. Is this ok?
Where can i find vegans societies/ groups around Johannesburg?
What do vegans eat and drink? am i allowed to use spices and what type?Im new?
dinner troubles help?
how many carbs are in 42 grapes?
How can I separate the milk in my coffee?
what is favourite thing eat in dinner?
What common issues do you face within the kitchen?
Question about the thing we eat we call Soup?
How many 20 oz bottle of water equal 11 cups?
Pros and cons of a vegan diet?
Can I cook this in the oven?
Is there a standard recipe for cake batter?
Where did Alcohol get it's name from?
How to make acetaldehyde from calcium acetate?
what is shortening and cream of tartar is in Arabic?
I'm addicted to Wint-O-Green lifesavers... Is that bad?
Is Atlantic salmon safer than Pacific?
How can I be a vegetarian that isn't completely dissatisfied with everything I eat?
How would you respond if someone asked you to buy them milk?
is strawberry a fruit?
list as many Uk chocolate bars as you can think if?
What are molasses? Are there any substitute for them that will work the same on stained glass cookies?
If I have eaten chicken recently does that mean I'm not a pescetarian?
What are some good recipes for alligator meat?
What food is this? I was in Spain and I ate tapos, it was like spicy olives, but I am not sure. Help?
is my aunt an alcoholic?
Puns for the name 'Anna' related to food/restaurant?
\Get very drunk very cheaply: bananas in hot water produce powerful alcohol.\ ??
What are some HEALTHY things that go with apples?
Having a housewarming what to do?
What am I supposed to do now?
WHY DOES COFFE MAKE ME FEEL EITHER AMAZING OR CRAP? dOES anyone else get this?
How to learn your cigarettes?
Ice cream maker with built in refrigating unit?
Why does chocolate taste bad?
Are he pods forTassimo and Nespresso coffee machines the same?
How many jump shots per day?
What are the dangers of drinking a large amount of coffee?
From cyber candy (one in covent garden) which D.I.Y candy (Japanese) taste good and are fun?
What was this toaster food thing?
What Is Vegetable Wokked Rice?
The second inittial point of a burette?
Can I refrigerate this stewing beef?
Homemade Powdery Laxative?
where can i find the recipe for old ebbitt grill's shrimp tacos?
1month pregnency tek 3panadol with pepsi drink what happend?
I need a teaspoon of onion powder and garlic powder, what can I substitute for it?
where can i find this Giada De Laurentiis recipe?
Where can i buy a disposable e-hookah pen?
Food or drink challenges?
What can I use instead if sugar in pancakes?
is there any form of snuff or snus thats healthier than others?
Should I continue being a vegitarian?
Why do I crave cold foods when I wake up?
Wheat pasta recipe entree?
how to make spici pizza?
Is it weird im too picky when it comes to food?
Is it weird im too picky when it comes to food?
Plain milk or chocolate milk?
What is the most popular fruit in the world?
how to get voucher for free steak from mm?
My wife only drinks soft drink, no water, she drinks up to 5 litres [over a gallon] of diet soda a day?
I dont like foods touching and I know its weird?
I'm bored eater... I can't stop eating :/?
If the energy drink I drink has no effect on me, does it still hurt me or effect my body in any major way?
What would this drink taste like?
What is the heltheast cereal?
What happened to Peppermint this year?
How do you make indian chicken mcgrill with the mint sauce?
where can i get real kefir grain?
Should I buy regular Fanta or Fanta Zero?
How to make round rusk ?
Dare I ask this! But can you get fat from eating nothing but Beef Space Raiders a day?
does anyone else use food as a chaser?
How long would a six pack of beer take to get out of my system?
Does in n out kill their cows humanely? Also are they free range?
What is the purest form of wasabi you can buy?
If A Blue Berry Is Sour What Does That Mean?
Best method to eat a ghost pepper?
What to have for breakfast?
Does Drinking Cold water after a cup of Tea(Hot) have any effects on the health of a person.?
Is it ok to eat insects if you're on a vegan diet?
What to put in a mini fridge?
How many meals a day should you have?
Where can I buy the chocolate milk bags/pouches that they give at elementary schools?
I want to start making sweet hot tea at home. What are some recommendations for brands/types and preparation?
Is golden wholemeal bread, wholemeal?
Bored with my hookah pen?
What is the best food cusine?indian or italian?
Why do meat eaters have a problem with vegetarians?
Could I be allergic to Chinese food?
I Want an Anime Cake? In Sydney?
New vegetarian needing help!?
wine yeast supplier in Manila where can i find one?
How many glasses of wine does it take to get drunk?
Why did my cake turn out rubbery ?
Im trying to not to eat bread but i get a really bad craving for it.?
Why is my hookah vaporizer hard to inhale?
Can any one tell me where to buy yacon syrup ?
Grasscity shipping (from US to US)?
Can one eat pet store crickets, and if so, how?
Is my vanilla essence too weak?
can your weed go bad if you have it in a plastic bag?
What is this soup called?
How to drink and not get sick?
I need to promote my food blog?
Sleepover/OneTreeHill-like scavenger hunt ideas ?
What can I bake for my boyfriend's birthday (Vegan)?
At what temp will sofa ina bottle explode?
cake baking business or t-shirt printing in province philippines?
Nine Shots of Whiskey and Three Shots of Vodka?
is it ok to get drunk like 2 or 3 time each week?
I want to buy the Quaker Kids Snack Mix but cant find them?
Are Monsters bad for me if I only drink them occasionally?
What will one sip or a few sips of vodka do?
Recipes to make with dessert bullet?
I drank a full bottle of laxative?
Can you freeze sliced cheese?
[carryout] What if I don't pick up my food at pizza hut?
What's the most expensive beef outside of Japan?
searching for a wine please need help asap?
What should i do for my 14th birthday party?
What should i do for my 14th birthday party?
Best way to store fondant covered cakes and cookies?
Why are butternut pumkins sold in Woolworth's in Melbourne so small?
Can weed loose its natural taste and sent?
Why was my drink spiked with Windex?
Why does my stomach feel grumbly five hours after eating?
How can i get alcohol?
What are some good meals to eat through the day?
What does corn syrup do when making rock candy?
Is birth control and alcohol a bad mix?
baking measurement help?
13 birthday party ideas? Neon theme?
Does anyone know how I could get a hold of Simpatico beer . I drank it in the 90's and it was awesome!?
How do Italian people (not the American ones) stay so thin when they eat pasta a lot?
bananas and lettuce and water for 3 months is this good?
What are some good meals to eat through the day?
can you smoke dried sorrel?
No carb dinner recipes?
What's a good substitute for peanut butter?
How do you smoke a bong?
Beer drinkers: can or bottle? A difference or a preference?
What is this food called?
What's the deal with Ovaltine?
How come there is no milk in Yoo-Hoo?
I need the exact mud pie recipe from big boy!!?
How do you make spaghetti sauce out of ketchep?
how long does it take 9 beers to get out of your system?
Which immersion blender would you buy?
What kind of person do you stereotypically imagine would order a gin and tonic?
I got dat beef burger swag?
will this type of lighter work to start a cigarette?
Good alcoholic drink while on diet?
Ate some bad butter, will it make me sick?
What to do for my 17th Birthday?
How to make homemade playdough less oily?
wheres the nearest starbucks?
Help!!!i need help picking out sides?
Directions for Coffeemate?
Has anyone been to El Rancho Supermercado?
What costs more? Ice cream or froyo?
How can i plan a perfect 15 party?
How many shots(alcahol)?
Can I get rid of my stomach pouch even if I am vegeterian?
I needBIG BOY OREO CREAM MUD PIE recipe pleaseee?
Is partying honestly worth it?
How do you quit drinking soda?
How do I do the cold water test when making fudge?
How do I do the cold water test when making fudge?
Directions for making Coffee Mate?
should i buy a steam cooker or a pressure cooker?
I've had 5 shots in 2 hours and I don't feel drunk.?
Can I eat food sprayed with a fire extinguisher?
Why do we call it a hot dog?
How can I make garlic like this?
How to order drinks at a bar?
is this sandwich healthy?
A tasty recipe using sriracha?
Food ideas for fussy guy?
where can i get greek yogurt from human breast milk?
what can i eat with alfalfa sprouts?
can my dog eat spicy food?
CHECK IN BAG WITH ALCOHOL UNDER 21?
Shrimp refrigerated for a few days in water... Are they ok to eat?
How long does it take to freeze chocolate covered strawberries in the freezer?
What happens when you drink too much powerade?
did i eat a lot today?
Am I overreacting? (Food poisoning?)?
I ate jiffys popcorn that is like stove popcorn and it's 1 year past the expiration date it tasted fine?
Did I have my first hangover?
Creative ways of making hot chocolate?
How did you make use of all those Chrissy leftovers?
How much of various noodles do I need for 12 oz of Wide Egg Noodles?
Vegans, do you find the more time you spend around people, the more you love animals?
Is it fair to take seriously something that someone says while drunk?
Why is it bad to drink milk with seafood?
Why do my cookies suck?? :(?
How to make brown stew beef (Caribbean dish)?
Looking for more things like 'Brownie in a mug' stuff?
How many shots can I take to just get a little drunk?
Do you like Chinese food?what kind of food you like most?
Why don't people understand how much of an impact their food choices have on the world?
can I use sugar cookie mix to make Italian cookies like those cookies at the bakery?
What are some good flavors of tea to try at Starbucks?
Does the Double Chocolate Chip Frappacino taste like coffee?
Is this Out-Of-Date Cider safe to drink?
Give very specific instructions on how to make a peanut butter and jelly sandwich?
Does anyone have a good chicken pot pie recipe?
What do you do when you add too much sugar to spaghetti sauce?
QUICK HELP PLEASE! Will it explode?
are humpty dumpty ringolos halal?
Is getting a little drunk off 3 Fosters Gold normal?
Small dehydrator with salt?
I bought two packages of sushi at the grocery store, one is labeled cooked and the other has no label?
How many shots are too much?
How many shots are too much?
how can i tell my friends to not bring kids to my next dinner party?
What is a good vegtable/beef soup recipe?
What do you like better Ice Cream Cake or Cake with Ice Cream ?
What Dessert(s) get Better when Ice Cream is served On Top of the Dessert?
Can you be a vegan intermittently?
Our 55 pound pit bull ate a pack of peanut butter and mint chocolate chip cookies from the counter?
How do you Like to eat Cake with or without Ice Cream?
Think about getting into weed how should I start?
What do you like added on a Meatball Sub?
How to sober up someone QUICK!!! Answer quick?
Any fixes for brownie mix turned out flat?
Vinegar/Sour lovers, love feet?
has anyone used the Perfect Bacon Bowl how is it?
Vegetarians, why do you not become vegan?
Hungry Jacks Workers!?
where can i buy lemon flavored dasani water?
What is that beer commercial with a guy drawing on paper about the ingredients?
What's the best Beer to drink?
I passed out from Monster Energy I think?
Just got a nice little rice cooker. Was wondering of it possible to make Uncle Ben's flavored rice in it?
Know any recipes for good vegetable smoothies?
17th birthday party ideas?
Why is fruit so filling?
What should I do??? ODing maybe?? Urgent!?
How many cooking oils are there in the world ?
Those stonyfield organic french vanilla yogurt have caffeine in it ?
Where does the idea of \ethical meat\ come from?
Is it less evil to eat organic grass-fed ground beef than the regular stuff?
Do you like chocolate ice cream?
Do the El Monterey Family Packed Bean & Cheese Burritos contain Vegetarian friendly enzymes?
White blob in whiskey bottle?
I'm throwing a small party for my 17th birthday! Help?
Whats a candy you love to eat alot? (Or something sweet)?
Help holding my sister's farewell party?
How to figure out my times for my sweet 16?
What will the alcohol do to me?!?
If one day we were to learn how to communicate with the animals?
Why does my milk not have potassium anymore?
My mom drinks too much alcohol everyday?
How do people put images on shot glasses?
I should stop Eating salmon, right?
Is tobacooless hookah bad for you?
i ate raw cookie dough!!? whats going to happen?
[POLL] What's you're favorite Starbucks drink?
What's the best way to slow-cook ground beef in a crockpot?
How much water should I put to make soft,fluffy brown rice?
Is drinking too much tea bad for you?
Some easy fast meat recipes?
How much is a 1970's mountain dew bottle worth.?
Where to find honeydew melons?
lean Protein bars,what is the best?
How to pan fry hot dogs?
What is black pudding?
Mixing two different types of liquor make you seriously sick?
help with protein packed microwave lunches at work?
Please help...i eat too much of table salt?
Why do I get full eating bread but never eating toast?
what is this mushroom!!!?
does chicken nuggets bring my sugar up?
coke or pepsi? which ones better?
Why cant we use milk and cookies instead of booze and crackers?
Where is the best place to eat Chinese or Japanese Style food in Virginia?
Magic stars taste terrible?
Should I dance at a bachelorette party?
Is this a dumb way to do Morning Glory?
What's with the whole \Gluten-free\ madness?
Why do people rely on supplements to be healthy?
i wanna smoke weed to see how its like?
What is this dessert?
How long does it take until lemons go bad? Inside a plastic container?
how can i throw a good kickback and im 15?
What type of cake can i cover with fondant/ready to roll icing?
how can i throw a good kickback and im 15?
Moosewood cookbook Lentil salad?
What kind of beers to match with the glasses?
will a iced coffee from dunkin donuts last over night?
How do Red Chili Peppers come to Canada?
How to cook rice in a halogen oven?
Revital and Coffee consumption.?
what is top shelf tequila?
Why do metal utensils taste so bad, are you eating metal?
Can my five a day be all fruit?
review of lakewood organic juices?
how many people will this cake serve?
Any chicken or stir fry recipes including soy sauce?
Cooking gammon steak help!!?
How much are cigerettes UK only?
I have lots of nice good arrowheads would like to sell is there anywhere around Hominy ok that buys them?
What sides would go with broccoli and cheese stuffed chicken breast?
Why does Nestle's Quik mix smooth but cocoa doesn't?
so im turning 15 and i want to have a kick ass party?
Why are Satsuma's picked before they are fully ripened?
Granola recipe please help?
What is difference between blended sctoch whisky and single malt whisky...?
Looking for low carb menu idea/recipes?
Where to get nachos like the movie theater or ball park?
What is the best....least fishy fish?
Do you like to take it rough and hard ?
is frozen food still safe to eat if plastic wrap was open?
Can vegans really live on nuts/berries/bark/roots in the wild?
how many cups of oil ?
Do u believe in candy man?
What candy can I use for golgi bodies?
Anyone care to share their favourite recipe for homemade ice cubes ?
Can we replace jello with jelly mix?
Why does my toasted pasta keep going wrong ?
is it really safe to be vegetarian?
Anyone have a simple recipe for Toast ?
Where can I guy fresh longaniza in New York?
How much do i have to drink to get drunk?
Safe to use mince past its date that has gone brown?
Where can I buy fresh longaniza in New York?
Yonanas ice cream maker question?
Is Naked Juice okay to drink if it got hot, but was never opened?
Did I have alcohol poisoning?
What to do with Ox Cheeks?
As the Italian cuisine? you like?
I have this French Wine, VALMONT blanc from Vignes De Paul, 2008. Kindly explain me the variety.?
Is it safe to eat opened mozzarella cheese expired for over a month and a half?
What is the best cookbook for beginners?
Your perfect cup of Coffee?
I got antibacterial liquid on the plastic wrapping that covers my crackers will my crackers be okay?
What's a good replacement for parchment paper ?
What's the difference in amount of cheese between these two pizzas?
Smoking cigarettes while drinking makes me feel sick?
Hello so I am turning 21 in late January and was wondering where the best part of Seattle to stay is?
is it ok just to have 2 meals a day?
Why is custard powder pink until you add the liquid, upon which it becomes yellow?
Can I make boxed mac and cheese in the microwave?
can i freeze fillet steak?
what is a unopend 6 pack of 1992 harly davidson beer worth?
Need a recipe for a chocolate and lemon flavoured rainbow cake?
Can you have a hangover without a headache?
what kind of drink can you ask for at a club or bar if you are unable to drink alcohol?
How long can alcohol be contained in a hip flask for?
How can I get a delivery from UK to BG for 1 bottle of wine?
What meals can I cook with these ingredients?
Anyone know where i can find a replacement wine glass like this?
Can you get sick from eating a dying/sick fish?
Went to my first party last night, I need help PLEASE?
i have hepititus c andwhatever vitmanin suppliment i take .it makes me week. is it normal?
what is the difference between condensed milk and whipping cream?
What is the least unhealthy soft drink out there?
what is the average cost per 100g of these foods...?
What drink has the most percent of alcohol in it?
What is hookah??? Is it harmful?
how can i make my own hookah flavour without tabacco?
I made these mini meatloaf in muffin pans topped with mashed potatoes... but cannot find the recipe now that I?
Can drinks like Sunkist,Coke,Vanilla Coke,AW Cream Soda and Pepsi give you diabetes?
the best chocolate cake recipe? can be with/without egg. frosting recipe also?
Hello. I would like to launch the next starbuck like coffee chain in dakar (Senegal), is anybody interested?
Why apple is red orange is orange??
What to do for my 16th Birthday?
What's the shelf life of \Meals in a Jar\?
Can my mom still eat her McDonalds Apple Pie?
how to become a vegetarian?
Rice buying & cooking tips. Need some help.?
how to cook pares mami?
What can I do with a jar of tomato sauce, a nonstick frying pan, and vegetable oil?
Why don't UK pubs/restraunts keep non alcoholic beer?
Where do I buy kerosene in Hyattsville, Maryland?
how to thicken my pea soup, came out runny?
why my bread next day become so hard?
I want to make some at home to a salad bowls anyone know hiw?
Any interesting names for chocolates?
Poll: Italian Pizza and South Indian Dosa, which is Yummier?
Processed chicken left out 8 hours?
Stained teeth... Tea, coffee?
Doritos and lunch after equals horrible stomachache! Help?
My steak has turned brown.. Is it safe to eat?
Can you make potato balls plainly with potato and cheese?
What can be used in place of cinnamon in pho?
Why do vegetables make my stomach feel weird?
Alternative to work time sandwiches?
how many grinds of the salt grinder gives 1 teaspoon?
will this get me drunk?
Why do Americans eat peanut butter and jelly?
Best foods to eat to cleanse your body?
What is healthier for you to put on a bread roll for breakfast?
Is a strawberry a fruit or a vegetable because everyone's saying it's a veg as it has seeds?
what age can you serve alcohol in a pub or club in GB?
When do Starbucks holiday/seasonal drinks end?
Shall I have a bacon roll or a subway breakfast? LOL?
Teen Party ideas and tips?
Waiters/Waitresses - How to hold heavy plates?
which is the best way to cook Spring rools (INDIAN)?
Is buying bottled water a waste of money?
Questions about a party?
Can making stuffed burgers be that easy?
What should I do about this?
how to make pizza in microwave?
What's the best fatty/High cal foods to eat?
Do i have alcohol poisoning?
What's the best way to make stuffed burgers on a picnic?
When I am baking macarons...?
What do you like in your omelet?
What can I make for the school Masterchef?
Is it easy to make stuffed burgers at home?
Do you always peel carrots?
DMT for Dummies (How to make it)?
I need help with making ice cream, whipped cream in recipe, help?
Why do people stop eating meat for \health reasons\ but eat fake meat?
If your from the states and under 21 can you buy alcohol from and different country?
Is this what feeling buzzed feels like?
Is it okay to use heavy cream that's 3 days past its expiry date?
does alcohol show up for urine test?
I had 2 very small tastes of alcohol last night that wasn't?
ways to make food more fun and yummy?
How many shots of pure Polar Ice vodka will it take to get me drunk?
garnish from scallop dish in no reservations movie?
why did i not feel sick?
Has anyone tried Sunbeams mini pie maker machine?
Where in Calgary can I buy Laceys macadamia chocolate cookies?
What taste better? White wine, or Red Wine?
how to make a p&l simple?
what is bittersweet or unsweetened chocolates?
Is Frozen Mango good for you?
Is it okay to eat hot dogs that are 6 month expired?
if you want to give homemade fudge as a gift, how do you pack/store them?
$700 bottle wine..oops?
If you use a can crusher to crush pop cans, could you still put them through a return to get your change back?
Do white plates heat up less in the microwave compared to darker plates?
Can anyone make stuffed burgers?
I'm so thirsty!!!!!!!!!!!!!?
How long does it take alcohol to leave the body?
Expensive wine....lol?
exactly how many different types of seeds are there an can you name them all?
How are vegans supposed to survive in the wild?
simple party ideas??
Does anyone know the sugar cookie chiller recipe from Gloria jeans?
anyone know the recipe for chinese dry pickled cauliflower and carrots? (i think it's called pao cai)?
What if i don't pick up my food at pizzahut?
Why don't people kill lobsters before boiling them?
Which bubbler should I get for my friend?
Do people drink unsweetened cranberry juice?
Am I still a vegan after trying my bf's stuff?
Sweet 16 party ideas?
What do you eat at the bonfire?
Cheap honey for mead?
Will unopened pancake mix go bad?
Do stuffed burgers need special equipment to make?
I want to eat plain chip flavouring. Where can I eat plain chip flavouring?
does vodka not give hangovers as much?
How to make stuffed burgers at home?
Is there any danger in taking nyquil that exceeded its expiration date by a year?
Why is orange juice so expensive all of a sudden?
What is celery? LIkE PLEASE HELP?
Is the carbon dioxide in Club Soda harmful in any way?
Can you make stuffed burgers at home?
Is it true that if you are drunk, everything you say is what you truly think?
Any ideas for a 16 party I'm male and help!?
how to get back at my manager without getting fired?
Recipe help! (jello shots)?
How long does cooked garlic naan last in the fridge?
Can you water down whiskey?
Having a hard time finding bud?
how much to give a 10 year old girl pinX?
sushi is very popular. the rice has 3% sugar, is this a reason people like it?
Which do you like best shrimp,lobster or Salmon?
Only Smoothies For a Month?
Is alcohol supposed to burn your throat?
If you have a recipe for 4 servings, how would you modify it?
What is the absolute sweetest wine out there?
What is the best 5 hour energy flavor?
Passing a BAC Breathalyzer?
What is your favorite potato salad recipe?
Where can I find horse head shaped molds for chocolate?
How many shots of soju counts as a \drink\?
Survey: What is the difference between a pecan and walnut?
21st Birthday Party help?
Can you get Pina Colada and/or Peach Schnapps Blu E Cigs in Gas stations or stores without buying online?
do eggs with double yolks count as 2 eggs?
Whats best for the snack bowls..Nuts or Chips?
Poll: Do you ever have breakfast for dinner?
Cooking for someone with acid reflux?
Did I smoke spice or laced weed?
Is unbleached white bread still bad for you?
Is sushi actually overrated?
What do u personally think are the top 5 cuisines?
I need help becoming a vegetarian.?
Is melted cheese and turkey good together?
What is the difference between Basmati Texmati and Jasmati brown rice?
Do vegans have really bad cooking skills and that's why they prefer to eat crap?
Favorite healthy smoothie ingredients?
can you help me to choose a name for refilling water station?
Turning 18 soon what should I do in Australia?
What's nicer Lebanese, Greek or Italian FOOD?
Why do ******** love Kool-Aid?
can you help me to choose a name for refilling water station?
So can I eat raw eggs?
valueofunopenedgallonbottleofcuttysark&seagramsvo?
Have you ever had bacon wrapped shrimp as an appetizer?
Is Organic Guar-Gum a non-starchy food?
Why do alot of 14 year olds drink and smoke?
is my mum an alcoholic?
Is it ok to be eating this?
What are the 5 items required on a food label?
If I want to make mashed potatoes how long should I boil the potatoes?
Why do most Indians consume a lot of onions?
What is this Mexican food/snack?
Popcorn Cake Help! (Not an actual shape and color of popcorn!)?
Tagged in photos whilst drunk?
HOW TO PUT PASPURD TO RUTTER?
14th Birthday Party Ideas?
How does my party sound? And suggestions as to what i could add?
How can I improve the ingredients of this mango chicken stew recipe?
Jelly Belly Jelly Beans?
Are hookah pens with no nicotine safe?
Why do vegans not object to using oil products?
Have you ever put butter on a pop-tart?
How do I substitute butter for lard?
Is it true that everything tastes like chicken?
i need help woth chosing wine for chocolates?
How do I get started as a vegan?
New to juicing! Recipes or tips please!!?
Why do bananas make me feel sick?
Starbucks frappuccinos always separate?
Is milk mad from cow pee?
Can you make a smoothie into ice cream?
Is it safe to drink 3 Year Out-Of Date Strongbow Cider?
Can I use red potatoes to make baked potatoes?
How can one be vegan in college?
what alcoholic beverages do not bloat you?
Why is the drinking age 21?
How do I use stock cubes in a soup recipe?
Poll: What is your favorite sweet snack?
What oils/ingredients do they use to cook vegetables at a japanese/hibachi grill?
What if the price of milk is raised?
do I cover ribs in oven?
What drink is she holding is this pic?
How do they make the strawberry smoothies at dairy queen?
Birthday party ideas?
Problem with Tassimo T20?
how do you get total nutrients eating just soup and crackers as your main meal in day?
can i mix vapor flavor juice to hookah base?
Are there any cocktails using Ouzo?
can you buy electronic cigarettes without nicotine or tobacco?
Is liquor from the 1980s safe to drink?
Unopened bottle of Crown Royal from 1966...worth anything?
what store can you get bean boozled?
shrooms vs teqila and weed?
how many cups is in a 49 ounce can of chicken broth?
whats better before bed to help me sleep : anise tea , chamomile tea , or lemon&ginger tea ?
Do you remember when burger king had the colored food?
can some tell me how to make bone broth?
How do you feel when you have a hangover ?
Can you bake ravioli in an aluminum foil pan instead of a baking pan?
What is your favorite dessert food?
is dragon soop strong alcohol?
Is it true that paper bags helps to keep food from turning soggy?
how do i make the perfect pancakes?
So about how many \beers\ did I drink (warning math)?
Regret what I did at a party last night?
birthday party ideas....?
Has anyone ever heard of \Uncle Richard's Chocolate Cake\?
Where can I buy a contraption that makes my eggs PERFECT?
what type of plate/bowl do they use at Yo Sushi and where can i buy them?
a light dinner: what would you suggest/prefer?
What kind of Starbucks drink would be good for me?
What is a good side dish to go with Chili?
how to make dough from scratch for cinnamon monkey bread ?
Why are there different glasses for different alcohols?
how long until she's sober?
ANSWER ASAP PLEASE: Can I bake a cake in a turkey pan?
What is the chocolate cookie middle in Carvel ice cream cake?
Will I get sick if I don't heat up store-bought french toast?
Recommend a cigar for a novice smoker?
How much is it worth?
What can I make with leftover fiesta dip?
can you et food poisoning if you drink off milk?
Anyone have a tasty quinoa recipe they want to share?
Super Bloated is it normal?
where could you find pure water?
is one can of beer the same alcohol percentage as a shot of whiskey?
Why don't they make diet junk food?
Italian restaurant in kensington market!?
Oatmeal cookies help please?
What foods are a good source for protein?
Does anyone have a tried and tested vegetable soup recipe they want to share?
Should I throw meat out?
im 14 in 12 days I need ideas!!!?
A good food dehydrator that reaches higher temps?
Good dehydrator that reaches 170-175F?
39th Birthday theme for 50 yr old wife?
How to make my hungover new boyfriend feel better?
Is it harmful to warm spinach for two times?
How good or bad is Club Soda for you?
Where can I buy a good fridge?
After 17 pints, why didn't i get drunk, or have a hangover?
What is the common New years dinner? and what does the food symbol?
Taking vitamen is like eating?
HOW TO BOIL 5 CHICKEN THIGHS?
What is on the grill for dinner?
How long till alcohol is out of my system?
Can I eat ground beef that has a best before date of December 27th?
apple pie alcohol drink?
I am addiced to water?
Can I use whole wheat flour instead of regular flour?
Throwing up after 2 1/2 drinks?
Am I going to be allergic to alcohol for my life!?
Can I make crisps/chips out of savoy cabbage?
how many drinks to get alcohol poisoning?? urgent?
Not hungover? -2014 Drinking-?
Where can I buy herbs for making herbal tea online for cheap?
can I play in the bluebird cafe if im not from America?
methanol poisoning help 10 POINTS?
I've stopped eating fish; what should I do now nutrition-wise?
im a non smoker but...?
WHAT HAPPENED TO ME WHEN I WAS DRUNK?
Can you suddenly act sober if you need to?
What should I substitute in this soup recipe?
How many individual lentils are in one cup of lentils?
Any low carb, low fat, wheat free recipes?
Can you just fruit and water for breakfast?
Is there anyone out there over the age of 21 who has never tried alcohol?
How to counteract celery salt..used to much?
Am i like the only teen who isnt hungover?
Estimated BAC with this criteria?
Separate cuts of corned Beef?
im making a pie and it says 1/2 cup of half and half?
How many days, months, or years did it take you to transition from Vegetarianism to \Veganism\?
Can you please help me make marshmallows without gelatin and corn syrup?
If I ate expired cream cheese will it harm me?
Does anyone know where I could get a bundle of about 10 different Keurig k-cup flavors?
Do I really need it and why?
Recipe calls for uncooked crust, but using graham cracker crust. Is it okay to bake for an hour?
Breakfast Sausage Storage Question?
Keurig Brewer - Plastic Taste?
When making beef broth do you put in the meat when the water is cold or when it's boiling?
Woke up Still Drunk After New Years? Anyone Else?
Why do people drink alcohol?
What can I use instead of pasta shapes and spaghetti?
Help with bread making?
What can I add to skim milk to make it more viscous?
Do you know any recipes for smoothies without ice?
When I drink I have the worst hangovers and I throw up?
what is the best tasting discount beer?
effect of drinking sunlight liquid mixed with water?
is starbucks coffee as amazing as everybody says it is?
Can you get any Starbucks frappuccino with a creme base?
is this acceptable?????????
Can I buy Cakemix and Frosting from the 99 cents store?
How do you drink Water?
Fancy names of coffee?
how much is 60ml in teaspoons?
Severe alcoholic parent?
my spagetti sauce is too sweet. how can I change it?
Other than coconut oil, what oils are healthy and good to cook with?
what would it be like if everyone thought about everone?
If you half a cake recipe that calls for 9 eggs do you use 4,5, or 4.5 eggs?
Are mug cakes safe to eat?
Is Doritos smoking bbq and nacho cheese flavour haram?
How long does it take to stop vomiting?
Why should I start drinking?
Your favorite ice cream flavor?
things made of plastic?
Is mushroom purely veg?
Best way to reheat leftover french fries?
what is syrup teenagers call leen?
what is lean that kids put in drinks?
Who's having a traditional dinner today? what are you having?
Is a spoon of beer okay?
what does coconut milk taste like? what are the benifits?
In canned pineapples, what is the difference between sweetened and unsweetened?
Can I cook a whole frozen chicken?
What do I do at age 40 ?
What's your favourite Lindt ball chocolate flavour and what's mine?
which portion of beef has less tissue and tender quickly when we do skew on flame.?
Throwing up all night help please?
Are Wheat Thins vegan?
Does pepsi weaks ur bone?
How should I fall asleep while drunk?
Where can I buy chewing tobacco?
Questions about Montego Bay?
Questions about drinking alcohol!!?
One Scotch one bourbon one beer original recorded by?
What is your favourite Summer seafood dish and why?
Some good rum suggestions?
can't drink water or tastless stuff.?
Can you eat a goose trachea?
Is there any long term health effects for a 14 year old getting drunk and passing out?
How come i'm feeling sick? (Alcohol)?
Some q's about vodka?
How do you tell if you've been drinking too much?
can champyne spoil if i put it in an empty water bottle for a couple months?
Afraid to sleep after drinking alcohol?
Stomach pain, diarrhea and vomiting after drinking some alcoholic fruit juice?
15 and gonna drink/get drunk?
does ravioli go well with filet mignon?
How do I make myself feel better after chugging 2 palmbays?
Why do I always get sick from Alcohol?
Can I make sweet read beans with red beans from walmart? or is there like a special type of bean in asia?
How much, is to much Seaweed?
Is it safe to drink expired beer?
ID this steamed fish?
13th birthday party ideas? Mixer ideas?
if i put whiskey in an empty plastic water jug will it go bad?
What causes my severe hangovers?
How much alcohol will get me tipsy?
Is this normal when you drink?
Which water is safe for aquirim?
does drinking brandy have more positive or negative effects?
Can an 18 year old get in trouble when attending a party where minors are drinking?
Is it safe to eat this chicken?
I have thought of becoming a vegetarian, should I?
How to get rid of an alcohol buzz?
Am i gonna get a hangover for drinking a little champagne?
In whey protine which protine is better for muscle gain.?
Why is there a zap soaker in pack of ham i bought ?
I don't know if I'm drunk?!?
Is the new Trappist beer out yet?
how do i make jello shots with gold tequila?
How bad is it to drink liquor/alcohol with diet pills?
Well I have beef whole or ground, Chicken livers, bread crumbs, onion etc.?
What does a \box\ mean in drug slang?
how many ounces in a pound?
How can I make the chocolate creamier?
What is wrong when the sat button is red not green remote is a new one and has fresh batteries?
Will raw rice go bad if it isn't in an air tight container?
What am i supposed to say when i taste alcohol around my parents?
Types of alcoholic drinks?
Where can u get unpasteurized honey is there any store i could get it?
Am I a vegetarian or a vegan or something else?
Dranl to much what to do?
How do I store muffins overnight?
Drunk, vodka sprite help?
Weed laced with rat poison someone help?
Gone through 4 cans of beer and 750ml of rum, but barely feel a buzz... why?
Poll: Do you ever plan a special New Year's breakfast?
Where can I buy dinkeo Acker beer in calaforia?
How long does Stones Green Ginger Wine last?
fruit leather recipes?
Poll: Which do you prefer, toaster strudels or pop tarts?
how long would it take for a BAC of 0.008 to clear out of the system?
how much vodka will it take to get me drunk?
caffeine and alcohol please help.?
Where does the rubber go in a caffitaly milk frother?
Has anyone ever went raw vegan/vegan before?
i want to throw a good party?
Freezer turned off- Did meat spoil?
Which movie is the best when you are completely burnt, toasted, baked, deep-fried, crispy, etc?
I want to flavor rum?
Mixing rum with gunpowder?
Poll: Do you know any health benefits to eating mustard?
My bottle cap was glued on?!?
Should I go to a party tonight?
What liquor gives you the best buzz?
What did you eat today?
Is my Beer expired?!?
can you drink tanqueray and lime without tonic water?
Why do I get drunk so easily?
Does anybody know how/where I can find a meal plan/menu where you use up all the ingredients?
would tanqueray be good with just lime juice and ice?
Do Straight Edge people drink on New Years Eve?
Boland elite tea cakes?
I am not sure if my friend put something into my drink!?
Is pure organic Coconut cold pressed oil for cosmetics edible?
Poll: Chocolate milk or strawberry ice cream?
Can I use almond milk to make a smoothie?
What's it like to get high off nutmeg?
which is better? (alchol related question)?
Should I feel drunk after 2 jaeger bombs, 2 blue WKDS and a pint of Bulmers?
how do I make vegetables not taste all nasty?
Why is eating your own blood unhealthy?
does peanut butter taste good on chocolate booty?
How many Beers/Drinks is too much for a 15 year old?
What do you think about goldfish won at fairgrounds?
Disgusting thing found inside my chicken nugget. What was this?
How much to get drunk?
Side effect of a cayenne pepper line and maple supU?
What will be the effects of drinking 1 glass of bucks fizz?
Is it wrong to have a alcoholic drink before attending New Years celebration held at a church?
18th birthday planning help?
first time drinking properly ?!?
Do I need to over-night soak lentils?
Do I need a whoopie pie pan to make whoopie pies?
What do think about animals entertaining in a circus?
New Year's Eve drinks for kids?
What is the best resipy for making alcohol from baking yeast, and how strobg will it be?
Does corn syrup bake without hardening?
How much pimms should you drink?
i had a spoon of vodka mixed with soda?
Hearts racing after drinking a little?
i had a spoon of vodka mixed with soda?
Where can I buy fresh oysters near Huntington Beach, CA?
If I am hungover should I get drunk while still hungover?
Meatloaf- beef instead of turkey, no pan?
Is it normal to feel depressed after being drunk?
How much alcohol has evaporated from my bottle of whiskey (if any..)?
My dad is drunk help!? Need quick answer plz!?
Would I feel better if I switched to tea rather then coffee?
any idea what to eat on deil?
How much is Smirnoff ?
18th birthday party! how do I get into a club?
Does O'Doul's Non-Alcoholic Beer Have Caffeine?
My dog ate almond bar, chocolate chip cookies, and peanut butter fundge about 8 hours ago?
How many beers does it take for a 15 year old to get drunk?
Is this a normal hangover?
New years eve party challenges?
loss of appetite nauseous sick help?!?
Who is comfortable wearing fur?
Why do people hate Mountain Dew?
Would it be unhealthy or gross if I put butter on my poptarts?
Travel coffee mug used to be at Walmart?
yes/no beer cookies?
why cant I get drunk?
Affordable freezer that can reach -10F to -20F?
Do the same rules apply when drinking on a dock, compared to drinking on a boat?
Can I drink alchohol if I have whiplash?
what can i mix with coffee patron?
If a boot that looks leather says all man made upper on the tag, does that mean the shoe is fully synthetic?
What are some food to eat while drinking Red Wine?
How can I not be picky with food?
Does anyone else AVOID Starbucks?
How come a pizza is round but comes in a square box and the slices are cut into triangles?
Is there poop in all food?
how do i get my steak?
Recipes with half a cup of condensed milk and NO chocolate? Easy 10 points :)?
how long does it take to get the smell of weed out of a car.?
Ideas for a 16 year old girls birthday who doesn't want a party?
What food or meal Don't you like CHEESE on that Usually comes with Cheese?
Is expired sushi seasoning harmless?
Do you like Limoncello? And is it ok drunk straight as shot or should I drink it with a mixer?
What would you do/say/write to honour the memory of this cat?
dip for fried green beans?
calories in pizza crust?
Chinese restaurants shut at ny?
How difficult is it to pull an about face on your current diet and go full vegan for 2014?
Chinese restaurants shut at ny?
How difficult is it to pull an about face on your current diet and go full vegan for 2014?
I want to buy a shisha pen ?
How Do I cook my blackeye peas in an Electric pressure cooker?
what recipe to use for making a cake several days before?
Can you eat canned salmon raw out of the can?
Umm, coffee or tea? Whats better?
Should cheerleaders be eating a lot of donuts?
How can I drink vodka without experiencing the taste of alcohol?
Can i take chocolate chips out of box brownie mix?
benefits of cinnimon spice?
New Year's Dinner, 1-1-14 and today I would like to start with....?
Using store bought egg nog for French toast. Good or bad idea?
Great orange recipies?
How long would In and Out burger last in the car?
Any Starbucks recommend drinks?
Canned green chillies are discoloured , safe to eat ?
New years eve Drinking while sick?
Any tasty snacks to make?
If animals coud speak, would humans weep?
bareburger vs Shake n shack vs Five guys?
What could i add to host a sucessful, fun party?
If you run whisky through a britta, will you eventually get vodka?
Help me make a simple white country gravy?
What are the ingredient of pepsi?
Should I eat three meals a day?
I need an egyption to answer a question for me?
can i use eagle brand condensed milk with expiration of six months old? will it make u sick or kill you?
what's worse? refined sugar or msg?
Should I go to this party?
How many beers till im drunk?
Does anyone know a good mixer for Mad Dog 20/20 Peaches and Cream?
Hungover help?! Please!!?
How do I drink this nasty cheap whiskey with no Chaser?
Does dark chocolate have more protein in it than normal chocolate?
teenage party ideas?? please help!?
How long will cider stay fizzy once opened?
Do you know of any great cheesecake recipes?
How do you decorate biscuits with royal icing?
When will my alcohol tolerence go up?
How does provolone cheese taste by itself?
How much alcohol is lethal?
Does anyone know of store bought potato chips that come in a box, that you make in the microwave?
I once got drunk and couldn't speak to guys?
What fruit/vegetable is this?
choosing mayonnaise jar?
Strip club bartender? Asked for number?
Best non-caffeinated drinks at Starbucks?
Is drinking coca cola every now an again alright?
What good meals are you planning to cook(eat) to celebrate the new year?
What is the Better Homes and Gardens Birthdays and Family Celebrations christmas cookie's recipe?
If you're cooking a duck and a joint of beef in the oven at the same time do they take longer to cook?
should I drink a whole bottle of pepsi?
Is it OK to eat chocolate that had a rip in the foil?
My mom is making blinis and they taste sour... help?
Writing a vegan song?
How much fizzy drink should I have?
What can I use to substitute butter in chocolate cupcakes?
Slim fast powdered milkshake?
Sugar cookie dough: cut outs break apart, why?
Should I Go To Rehab?
So do people have a New Years Eve meal or a New Years Day meal - what do you do, having anything in particular?
Do alcoholics get defensive of their addiction?
Pakistani & Indian food?
Dough is sticky, trying to make crispy cookie type treats?
How to throw a party/Whats missing?
Will this lamb be okay? Please answer!?
What's the 'breakout food' for 2013 (salted caramels)?
Where can you buy jet lighters?
Can I steam tamales in empty vegetable cans?
Question about ecstasy?
How important is it to you that your partner be Veg(etari)an?
Is drinking water after drinking milk bad?
Fruity Alcohol drinks that are easy to make?
Will my yeast still rise?
best low carb pressure cooker chicken breast recipe?
Which Candy Would Win?
i am hosting a backwards dinner on saturday any ideas?
what kind of alcoholic are you and why?
How do I do low carb vegan?
Would drinking one wine cooler make me vomit?
Do you like burger kings food?
I need to thaw some deer steak pretty quickly?
I need to defrost some deer steak pretty quickly?
Suggestions on places to go for my birthday?
A question to vegans?
What is butter used for primarily in French cuisine?
How to gain weight and muscle mass?
Getting drunk at 17 for the first time?
How to prevent a hangover?
Which is the BEST book to buy for making candy?
What is a good crickwater recipe using vodka and strawberry rum?
Can you make moonshine out of Listerine?
Why do all whole wheat pizza dough (and other whole wheat) recipes call for some all purpose flour?
whats your favourite food item. why?
is nytol sold in america?
What to expect in alcohol rehab?
Is this too many drinks or too little?
What side dishes go with pancit? (10 pts)?
Exactly what is in reusable ice cubes?
to make homemade hash browns, is it better to let the boil potatoes sit in frige for a while before frying?
What are your least favorite foods?
Chocolate Covered Strawberries Question!?
Which scotch should i get for the new year?!?
Is this too many drinks or too little?
Can anyone tell me how to bake a cake without oven?
Need substitute for Chlorpheniramine?
Is glazing agent vegetarian or not?
whats a good wine that doeant taste like crap?
Can you reheat ready cooked chicken drumsticks?
what out of ecstasy or alcohol? health tips?
How can I make tips at chuck E cheeses ?
Any 15th birthday party ideas?
Is it okay to eat yogurt 1 1/2 years after it expired?
Going to a New years Eve party late?
Best drink from Applebee's that will Make me tipsy?
Recipes for healthy, cheap, easy, and filling dorm foods?
What would be a good sauce to use on a homemade egg McMuffin?
Can i top frozen garlic bread with slices of tomato? would that taste nice?
Drinking age in Italy? 2014?
how long to cook smoked neck bones in crock pot?
2-3 ft giant pink bong ?
can i freeze pinwheels in tin foil?
Excluded because I don't want to drink? I'll answer yours?
fondant icing on red velvet?
im due to take my medical in a months time an confuesed if I carnt drink ive cut bk to 2 beers a nite?
What foods Can I Make With Cheese?
Ideas for mozzarella for snacky food/canapes?
Ideas for an archery party for a sixteen year old girl?
Is it safe for me to drink champange when I took Z pack this morning!?!?!?
Is there a good tasting tea (not green tea) that is a good alternative to sweet tea?
after cooking the chitterlings should there be\little sweat balls \still attached to them?
I have a brand new pressure cooker, some thin-cut chuck steak, and a hunk of Jarlsberg.?
I am new to seaweed dishes. Can I boil kelp? Or will it lose nutrients?
How much champagne will get me drunk?
True or false? you like grilled cheese for breakfast?
Tell me a low, a medium and a high range redvwine brand in India?
I got water in the base of my Ninja blender and it won't turn on, any suggestions?
What types of drink should you NOT mix?
Which beverage brands contain the least amount of fluoride in them?
What chocolate sauce brand should i use for mocha?
what type of packing is this? (name)?
I'm 15 and really don't like alcohol?
Why does everyone like to drink alcohol?
My stomach still cramps from eating dairy free icecream?
What are some good chocolates for a gift?
How to decorate a cake within 5 mins.?
Are there any effects to not drinking alcohol or smoking in a lifetime?
Do Water Contains Calories? if it contains so how many calories do a comman glass of water (300 ml or ..) cont?
what do milk products do to chicken?
how old do you have to be to buy a drinking game?
How do i make an eggless oreo cake?
If I am drinking Snowball's can I have wine also ?
Is nescafe coffee fattening?
how eat increasing body?
How to avoid feeling bloated from alcohol?
whats a good sweet wine for new years eve?
What onigiri filling is this?
Heart races after drinking alcohol?
Why do my omelettes stick?
What type of food do you not like?
Spinach green smoothie burnes my throat?
Not sure if I had alcohol poisoning?
What kind of animal is this?
I'm worried my crazy roommate spiked my liquor with rubbing alcohol, how much would kill me?
Is tincture 12.5% ? & how many drops equals 1 teabag?
WHERE CAN I BUY WINE GIFT BOXES?
is this cigar still smokable?
What would you name 14 kids?
House-sized drinks that taste good and are both convenient and healthy?
Old recipe for a red enchilda sauce?
how do you make your coffee - method, thanks?
How much tequila shots before I'm gone?
What diseases does alcoholism causes other then cirrhosis and cancer?
Can you be a vegetarian and still eat meat sometimes?
pizza hut in jersey hours?
What's your opinion on Bombay Sapphire gin?
What kind or brand of champagne is worth buying?
is there weed in the banana bread?
how long should i slow cook a 7.8 lb bone in pork butt for?
Do you drink Your hot chocolate with or without marshmallows?
Is the coating of nonstick cookware bad?
What should I eat to gain heaps of weight?
What can I bake for the school Masterchef?
I ate two burgers and feel the guilt?
How to make a \white angel\?
Cupcake's bottom burn but not fully cook?
I drank coffee at night and now i can't sleep?!?
Help me make something easy to eat?
What is hookah exactly?
What is a good wine for people who don't like the alcohol taste?
how many genral sauce needed for pastas ?
Are there any foods that you miss since becoming Vegan?
What are some recipes that are aesthetically similar to Tuna Tartare?
How to be vegetarian but get the proteins to need from meat?
What type of a vaporizer should i buy?
Do different flavors of Burnetts vodka cost more?
Brisbane tonight New Year party?
What are some banana recipes??'?
Had first drink , doctors appt tomorrow?
How to order grasa de cotnari (romanian wine) online?
How to start eating healthily?
How to start eating healthily?
What are some party drinks that are legal for underaged teens but also adrenaline rushing?
What does the water in California taste like?
southern comfort whiskey?
Good Baking Recipes??
how much alcohol did someone drink if yhe blew a .199? Is this alot? please someone can u help me undrtstand?
going to my first new years party at 21, what to expect?
How long does Prickly Pear Cactus Candy last?
What food should I have for a Vegas Themed dinner?
Monster beer cans to party?
can i make weed tea like this?
What drinks can you mix with Barefoot Moscato?
which beverage goes best with pizza?
Did you get some special tea for Christmas that you are enjoying right now?
What are some delicious, quick breakfast recipes?
How much does a 1.75 litre bottle of absolut cost?
Need help making my pumpkin pie?
How to keep wooden flooring well-kept for a teenage big party? Just put in. New Years high schoo/college party?
What lasts long and goes good with rice?
Does non alcoolic and alcoholic wine have the same taste?
Can you pop a bottle of sparkling apple cider?
Alcoholic drinks that are super delicious?
Does anyone have a brownie recipe that is sugar free and uses stevia, and is also dairy free?
help on what food to eat in italy? (i dont like italian food)?
can a person with a felony be a bartender?
What are fun things to do at a New Years Eve party besides drinking?
How do you make baked potatoes?
Does non alcoolic and alcoholic wine have the same taste?
Left sour cream sitting out over an hour, toss it?
What is your favorite flavor of candy bar?
Mexican or Chinese food?
If i just had some milk how long should i wait to drink alcohol?
Wood fired pizza oven vs pizza stone?
What is the difference between a 45 dollar set of 6 scotch/whiskey glasses and a 10 dollar set from walmart?
Vodka mixing with orange juice?
Would it be considered weird to bake at three am ?
how old is alfredo flores?
What can I use instead of spring onions in a chicken noodle soup?
Starbucks workers or anyone know the ingredients to this?
Is castor sugar ok to use in tea and coffee?
should i use grenadine in a rum punch that already has Hawaiian punch in it? or will that be too sweet?
should i use grenadine in a rum punch that already has Hawaiian punch in it? or will that be too sweet?
which companies makes supermarkets own brand squashes?
What Meats Can Be Eatin Raw?
How many oz. are in a quart?
can you fry chicken without useing oil?
Does Harris Teeter sell pressed juices?
Could I be an alcoholic?
How do you make buttermilk easy way?
Why do people get the hiccups after they eat spicy food?
potroast half way cooked, is it safe to recook?
What happens when dip (tobacco) expires?
Will drinking Alcohol after taking Ibuprofen kill you?
Why do meat eaters keep imposing their protein myths onto my vegan lifestyle?
How can I stop being a picky eater?
Different types of flavours of Shake n Bake?
I have some chicken buillion cubes from july and Nov.of this year are they still good?
Are Grand Marnier or Cointreau good substitutes for Elderflower Liqueur?
Have you ever made fake cupcakes before?
Can powerade hydrate me?
Messed up mobkey bread recipe.?
How do I know when water is boiling when I'm not in the kitchen?
anyone know chuys hot wing sauce recipe?
Fritters What are the disadvantages to eat more of it?
Can you make maple syrup crystals using imitation syrup?
Why do some people who grew up as vegetarians/vegans start eating animals?
Do I have to put pudding shots in the freezer or can I put them in the fridge?
How to get 10% head on a beer?
How to make punch lines?
How do you know if your pork shoulder is cooking?
How do you know if your pork shoulder is cooking?
Can i use spiral hook instead of paddle attachment?
how to make meed.....?
Is it okay to eat tacos while being sick, if you are craving it?
I think I ate an undercooked bratwurst. Am I going to get food poisoning or parasites?
what already made dough can I use to make doughnuts?
What is the starting age to drink Powerade or Gatorade?
could you get drunk from a 6 pack of beer?
I'm trying to make pinapple orange glaze?
can i make pound cake cupcakes?
Where can you buy eden soy?
30 bananas a day... where can I buy a case of bananas for a good deal?
How much is my vintage bottle of B and B liqueur worth?
What food can I make with Strawberrys?
What are the different types of vegan lifestyles? Is there such thing as a non vegan diet but vegan lifestyle?
Native American foods for restaurant?
What Is my favorite food?
Is drinking black coffee bad ?
Why does cling wrap only stick to itself when it isn't wrapped around anything?
How much chocolate do you eat?
I'm looking for an AUTHENTIC Brunswick stew recipe, can you help?
Mini sausages wrapped in crescents...need recipe please!?
Can anyone identify where this Coconut Water can be purchased!?!?!?! IM DESPERATE!?
What food can i make by flour?
Alcohol Addiction help?
I drink 2 litres of fizzy drink a day, its not that Im addicted its just I wanna drink it. How bad is this?
What is considered \ working knowledge\ of wine and spirits ?
What deserts can I make with just marshmallows, puff pastry dough, and brown sugar?
How well do we have to know our alcohol to become model cocktail servers aka bottle servers?
how to ask friends to split bottle service for my birthday?
I put milk in my ice cream and ice lumps came in it?
Does anyone know what the name of this Turkish dish is?
Why do some people who grew up as vegetarians/vegans start eating animals?
Where can you get a cup of strawberries with whipped cream?
Packaged ground beef or rolled?
Six greatest myths about veganism?
Under 18s on New Years Eve?
Does the book Grain Brain say all grain products are unhealthy or just ones that contain gluten?
I think I broke my tastebuds?
I just can't take it anymore. What to eat instead?
What seasoning would you put on a Spicy Italian BMT?
If I hard boil eggs and put them in the refrigerator, how long on average should they last?
favorite type of food?
Is whole milk bad for you?
How long will chicken salad last in the frige.?
Six reasons why humans are herbivores?
What's a good sauce for steamed asparagus?
Questions regarding SOUFFLE.?
chicken nuggets into buffalo chicken?
How do you make tuiles?
Frying pan changes shapes while cooking?
thinning or mixing Bayley's?
Are lobsters bugs.....?
what are collard greens in the uk where can i buy them?
what are some good, sweet, red wines?
I just drank 3 green tea bags?
What are some of the other condiments you can put into grits to make them taste different or better?
When a bottle of shots has 15%on it does it mean 15 percent per shot?
Looking for the Gino d'acampo recipe from lets do christmas 2012.. Anyone got a link?
I have glutinous rice flour to make dangos, what else do i need?
Nut and soya free muesli recipes?
Slow cooker pot roast - low or high setting?
i have ms should i become a vegan?
What makes you feel full?
Don't have a microwave for butternut squash?
What is your absolute favorite soup?
Anybody here prefer a \plain\ burger or hotdog?
What is your favorite ice cream brand?
I need welcome speech for new year party?
2/3 pound equals how many ounces?
Puked after only 8 or 9 beers?
NEW YEARS How much Jell-o and alcohol do I need to make 70 Jell-O shots?
Is turkey a big chicken?
what can i make with what i have in my fridge?
Has anyone tried putting ketsup/ or hot sauce in their grits before eating it?
I need a tasty but really easy fudge recipe?
how much does a Starbucks strawberry's and cream vinti cost?
Is it possible to eat too much grapes?
How to cook frozen squid rings?
What is better to eat, nutritionally? Butter, or Imperial Spread? (nutrition label included)?
what to do for 15th birthday party?
Working in produce at a large grocery store.what are some tips and advice?
Can I substitute condensed milk for heavy cream?
Can condensed milk be used for creme brulee instead of heavy cream?
Can I substitute Coco Powder for chocolate in this recipe?
why is baruim is faster than calcium in water?
is it ok to eat crab meat kept in fridge after expiry date from 5 days?
which store sells snak club gummy bears?
I'm addicted to fruit snacks!! HELP!?
How to cook a perfect pork joint?
does ice coffee really suppress your appetite?
How to convince my dad into getting me a burrito?
Careers that promote/include veganism?
HELP! Can i substitute milk for buttermilk??
Where can i get Longley Farm Yogurts?
how much sodium is in a ljs chicken plank without the batter on it?
Was this food safe to eat?
How much is an unopened bottle of 1966 Beameister Niersteiner Domtal and where can I sell it?
questions about when youre drunk?
How to make Jello-Shots... Not To Strong?
A recipe is saying use Flora Buttery or Flora Cuisine can I use olive oil instead?
Sweet 16 bonfire party?
I drank coffee with eggnog left out two hours.?
Looking for a specific squash dish?
What can I do to add flavor to my quinoa?
how prepare fully cook lobster?
How to cook alligator burgers?
does Dark chocolate have dairy?
Want to go 80/10/10 or raw till 4 raw vegan, what food should I buy?
value of budweiser mirror #1009120?
which brand of bubble gum is the oldest?
How to make au jus or French dip sandwiches without wine, soy sauce, onion packet?
Am I allowed to carry whisky and brandy?
I drank coffe left out for 2 hours and had milk in it?
True or false? you dislike Cookies n Cream Ice cream?
Advice for LED OMFG NYE?
Does anyone knows a place called nutellaria? A shop selling nutella desserts? and is franchising a must?!?
Beer tastes bad? how long till i get used to it?
13 year old drinking?
how to not seem drunk when you get to your parents house?
When baking, why do we have to stir/mix in the same direction?
how to boil eggs in a microwave?
Does anyone have a spare Cuppa Club Code?
How would you describe the tasre if naan bread?
is chicken pasta healthy?
How do I care for my vegan?
A few questions abt buttercream icing?
Is it okay to eat a mango after feeling nauseous?
Do alcoholics have low moods?
Other than royal icing what other icings can be used to decorate sugar cookies?
Is this gonna form into gulaman?
14th Birthday party ideas?
What's simple food for a small New Year's party?
Healthy appetizer ideas for New Years?
How much Pinnacle Whipped Vodka do you have to drink to get drunk?
How many different kinds of sweet rolls are there?
Why doesn't my friend like carrots ?
Will I get drunk off of one Four Loko?
What did you cook for New Year?
What is your favorite drink to have on New Years Eve?
Is this green smoothie healthy enough?
Cost of 30 pack Busch Light?
How can I make a tomato sauce with only grape tomatoes?
Bad tea.What happens if she drinks like that?
Lame Birthday Party for 18 year old girl?
Lame Birthday Party for 18 year old girl?
How do I stop coconut oil from clamping up?
Can someone give me list of blue colored wines?
What to do? I'm a vegan.?
If you're drinking at 18 who gets in trouble?
How to preserve cooked sushi rice over night?
my ears went hot after drinking alcohol?
Ideas for a fun 21st birthday?
Whats your favourite party appetizer?
What exactly is eggnog?
Stomach pain after eating sweet potatoes and collard greens?
I am a vegetarian. So pls. Tell me some pre workout diet & post workout.?
do you like Golden Corral?
To all my American-Italian friends?
IS it apathetic half a can of Four loko gets me drunk?
Can you deep fry something without a deep fryer (chip fryer)?
How much red wine does it take to get drunk?
where can i buy banana icecream from in the uk?
Is there a faster natural way to dry peppers out and how long do they usually take?
Will protein shakes make me fat?
Individually wrapped oysters for pearls?
How to make bread and butter pudding the simple way?
Am I able to legally drink alcohol if I am 21 but I don't have my adult ID yet?
Have I developed tolerance to alcohol ?
Is is normal to get drunk in NYE Party?
How to turn mushy lentil soup into a dip?
Vegan of the year award?
What other snacks go with a wine and cheese party?
Is it okay to drink a glass of red wine before going to sleep?
Excellent Pork Gravy Ideas...?
What Time Do You Eat Dinner?
Posh veg ideas for Pork Roast Dish?
gulab halwa (sweet) KHA ka Famous he!?
how to make stuffed mushrooms?
Leaving beer and helium balloon outside?
I hate the taste of vodka when i'm drinking it, is there anything that i can mix it with?
Does lacto-fermented mean that a person that is lactose intolerant should not eat it?
Help with food H/W! HBV and LBV?
Is this a good combination?
Does drinking grape juice give you a purple tongue?
I was at a pig show and I brought some bacon to feed the pigs with, when I fed them I got kicked out?
Making consomme with a J Cloth?
Can i eat chicken from a container left partially open?
Would you cook these Cornish hens, or do you think they're too old?
Carrot cake? Eggs with Pastrami? Or Bowl of Wheaties for breakfast?
How do you order butterbeer at Starbucks India?
how to make a cheese and tomato poonani?
Best way to slow roast small 800g pork leg crackling joint?
Why is rice served with curry?
Does wine give a different kind of buzz?
is red wine makes glowing skin ???
is cheese starter a solid?
where can I purchase some \Alice Estate\ Brazilian coffee...?
how do I prepare avocado for a sandwich?
What is Flaxseed called in Konkani?
What type of ancohol goes through your system the fastest and has less fat then whiskey?
Simple Ramen noodles recipes with a few ingredients please- preferably korean!?
Simple Ramen noodles recipes with a few ingredients please- preferably korean!?
Are there any enzymes is cooked meat?
What coffee do I need for a caffetiere (French press)?
How much meat, fish, protein are you supposed to have per week?
How do you use bottled teriyaki sauce? I've never cooked with it before (chicken)?
It has been found that fresh pineapple contains an enzyme that can be used to make meat more tender.?
Will you actually receive a Gift Card?
Alcholic mixed drinks I can make with these ingrediants?
Who can help me, im stuck badly?
What is the drinking age in Antigua and what can I drink?
What shouldnt you do when baking?
When I made nutella cupcakes at school they turned out flat?
What's the difference between a mandarin, clementine, tangerine & satsuma?
when making a chip butty should i use a burger bun or a hot dog roll? or am i ok with both?
Easy recipe for space cakes?
what is a good low price coffee mill for one cup use?
5 a.m, hungry, and scared ?
How many types of desert buns are there?
What were those fruit snacks called?
How to start eating meat for the first time?
Can i use honey instead of coconut palm sugar in a recipe?
Health people ... please read, a I making the right choice? and please add your input?
Had one small glass of wine 7 hours ago, is it okay to take Nyquil?
Which is more harmful? tea or coffee?
Receipe for Chex Party mix?
Monster Energy drink make me feel weird help?
can you die from smoking a hookah pen then drinking wime?
What do the overweight feed their children?
How long trolli gummy worms stale?
How to avoid throwing up after drinking?
Do alcoholics spend all their money on their habbit?
Does every drink from the Starbucks Secret Menu sold by every Starbucks store?
Do you think this would taste good?
Im nervous about this party?
Can I just jump into juicing?
Can someone still have alcoholism if they just drink beer?
I'm Addicted to Eating Ramen. Help?
Syrups to do in Latte's or Mocha's?
How was mochi and dango taste..?
What would happen if you took a bath in warm bacon grease?
Bad smelling weed after being in jar?
Best coffee for Drip machine India?
What kind of tea needs milk or sugar?
What kind of tea needs milk or sugar?
Before 2 weeks i got reeally drunk hasnt happened again. has this made any permanent damage to my system ?
After a shot and a half of raspberry vodka, should you start feeling it?
Why does it seem like everything is unhealthy?
Can't eat fish, what can I replace it with?
If I eat chicken noodle soup cold will I get sick?
If I eat chicken noodle soup cold will I get sick?
I'm 14 how can I learn how to cook better?
Which beer or alcohol taste best?
Who's the cute delivery guy on the Edible Arrangements commercial?
What is the best corn variety to make alcohol out of?
What do you think of this wine rack?
What makes smoking addicting?
Can you substitute boiling water with hot milk in cake recipes?
What makes smoking addicting?
what can I use in place of vegetable shortning in a recipe?
Is it bad to have too much chicken?
What is the yacon syrup?
What ingredients will make a brownie moist and soft?
What to get/do on my 21st birthday?
Does white powder confectionary sugar stored in a plastic bag absorb the smells of the plastic bag over time ?
How many peanut halves are in a Payday?
Good healthy snack ideas that are easy?
Do you ever eat both pizza and fried chicken together on one plate?
So you love bread too: what kinds have you been eating around the holidays?
How did so many vegetarian myths get started?
21st Birhday Menu Idea!!!?
what is your recipe for Pizza bread sticks?
baking one big flat cookie? (instead of 12 cookies)?
How can I have a mexican-American sweet 16 party ?
what is the best dip to buy for beginners?
what i have to do loss my tummy by stop eating..?
Why do nice people turn into assholes when they're drunk?
Any tips for new vegetarians?
How much meat can a vegetarian eat without getting sick?
What sounds better.. PB&J or hot ham and cheese sandwich?
Did I eat unhealthy today?
What would happen if I drank half a bottle of red wine?
What kind of booze =less of a hangover?
Coffee to help me stay awake?
Does eating gummy bears have any side effects?
which e-cigarette is best for me?
How much does a regular plate of dim sum cost?
What happens if you eat tacos and mashed potatoes for a month?
I can't keep my hands still is this serious.?
What went wrong with my spring rolls? :c?
How do you pick good wine and drink it?
How can I re-use leftover sausage meat stuffing balls? Can I put them in a casserole at a later date?
Are the.people.in the band Pierce the Veil vegetarian? Or vegan?
What kind of meat is pastrami?
All I have is Almond Milk :( Can I make instant hot chocolate with this?
What kind of meat is pastrami?
Vegan Alcohol???????????????????
What should I do for my friends 17th birthday?!?!?
what does it mean when a sandwich has 2 pieces of bread?
Can cleaning items like a tea infuser(mesh) with baking soda change the taste of things?
Pregnant and just ate expired Parmesan cheese style topping!?
preparation of khatta for pulav...?
What are these cookies called?
what will happen if we ate the shell of a scallop?
how long does it take for chicken and rice to digest?
Vegetarian entrees for a BBQ restaurant?
if I constantly puff on a disposable e hookah about how long would it last?
I'm so hungry but I can't eat?
14th party venue melbourne?
Not enough time to infuse vodka with flavor?
If someone doesn't eat pork what would you think they were?
Please answer! What are good replacements for coconut milk!?
What is your favorite candy bar?
How to fast correctly?
What does Yoshi drink?
Can daifuku (strawberry mochi) be made with cherries instead?
Fasting diet .. Weight lost? 35daya?
What kind of alcoholic beverage should I serve?
what are the best slow cookers?
what will happen if i take 500 advils?
Which is the best Tea/Coffie?
Do you always de-vein shrimp your shrimp?
What's 'starvation mode'?
how to get 40 bux!?!?!?
Am I a monster? help me please not sure!!?
Can you help me with this Mochi recipe?
how long do leftover crab legs last?
Help finding a Ceviche recipe?
Pork roast and cabbage on New Year's?
If milk comes from cows can I drink the cow instead?
Help with Mochi recipe?
Food is sticking in nonstick pan?
Cum Pops (good idea?)?
What foods contain refined sugar?
Foods to serve at a party?
Cooking Prime Rib in a electric roaster pan?
does drinking lime water give the same benefits as lemon water?
How come spilling a beer ruins the flavor of what's left in the bottle?
What fruit is in the winter season?
How come spilling a beer ruins the flavor of what's left in the bottle?
What is your favorite crockpot dish?
What is a good way to keep chicken moist during and after cooking it?
How drunk will i get on brandy?
okay how do i get rid of my cravings for tobaccoo like ciggarettes and dip?
making a hooch batch. need some help with it?
Is it bad to drink alcohol this often?
What age should you start drinking coffe?
Whats makes a #2 float?
Is it safe to take SOME caffeine with alcohol to avoid a hangover?
I m having a night club themed party with a dj , how do I keep the crowd entertained?
I m having a night club themed party with a dj , how do I keep the crowd entertained?
How do I make egg bread and butter interesting to eat?? :)?
What are good substitutes for any foods with caffeine?
is there any vegetable/fruit juices out there that actually taste good?
Whats a tasty beer with lots of alchohol?
Is this a healthy breakfast?
How is alcohol healthy for you?
Do you know any unique sour whiskey mixes?
Help quickly, want to have a chibi/anime bday party need ideas?
Survey: What vegetables do you hate and why?
Is it safe to eat squid after expiry date?
What is the purpose of those mega-salted cooking wines I see in the supermarket?
i have sugar flour oil and water does anyone know of something sweet i can make?
What mushrooms are best for sauteing?
Udentity unknown: wooden rolling pin for dough?
Party decoration stuff.?
Why is my Biltong hard as a rock?
Why can't I eat foods that are mixed?
do you have any recipes to make homemade tomato soup? thanks?
Can I put my Aeroccino in the fridge?
What does your body do with the brown color in tea?
Any idea how to make shrimp flavored cup of ramen taste better?
how do I cook chicken and bumplings?
Is it lame to have party favors at a 25th birthday party?
How much would it cost to get a key for a candy machine?
Is 18 permissible to buy red win, in Canada?
Can olive oil be substituted for vegetable oil in ALL cases?
True or False? you like Pizza with Garlic?
Where can I buy meat where animals are treated humanely?
how can you make rubbing alcohol from scratch?
Marks and Spencers milk tastes metallic?
does anybody knows where to buy moscato primo amore in michigan?? help!!?
Other than royal icing what other icings can be used to decorate sugar cookies?
Why does my throat burn when I eat chocolate?
A few questions abt buttercream icing?
Wht do u thk of this smoothie recipie...?
How do I get rid of a hangover?
What is the best Hookah Pen?
Throwing up from processed/artificial foods?
What is Pop Chef's email?
Why doesn't water quench my thirst?
URGENT How do I get red wine out of a nice sweater at a restaurant?
How can I make healthy soda?
Do like cheese mixed with carrots?
What is Italian cuisine?
Could someone give me opinions and a bit of knoledge on the jamie oliver resteraunts?
Is camomile tea infusion caffiene free?
Should I drink another protein shake?
Does mozzarella cheese go good with lettuce, tomato, cucumbers, and Italian dressing?
If you buy alcohol on ebay(yes you can buy full bottles!) is it sent to your doorstep or mailbox?
made too much mac and cheese?
Drinking at 15 and the side effects?
How much would you sell a Homemade Victoria Sponge for at a Market?
Is a stand mixer a good choice for mixing bread dough?
POLL: is it ok to mix liquor and drink it the next couple days?
substitute for bisquick...?
Where can I return beer bottles in Gatineau, Quebec (Hull) ?
substitute for bisquick...?
do you find this gross sandwhich?
What is your Favorite Food that grows on a Tree?
Advice on opening a Vegetarian restaurant/cafe.?
When browning floured cubes of meat for a stew a handful at a time in oil what should I do when all the oil?
Favorite waffle mishaps?
Why do people think cake is bad for you?
Best way to rehydrate dried mushrooms?
What is your Favorite Sandwich made with Peanut Butter?
Which country came up with the most amount recipes?
can vegetarians eat animal crackers?
Family won't accept vegetarianism?
I want to make sweet coconut shrimp?
how do i make a vegan toad in the hole?
Has anyone tried using shredded cheddar cheese as a binder for hamburgers with bread crumbs instead of using e?
How should I go about wanting to work with food?
Hello, whats you're favorite fruit to eat?
How do I make Chicken Noodle soup?
How to make veggie balls with beans?
Where can I get a hundred lemons the cheapest?
Food isn't appealing to me anymore...?
Are Kinder surprise eggs available in Czech Republic?
Can beef and hind shanks be eatin rare?
Fun ideas for a 23 year old birthday weekend in her hometown?
Is beef bone and hind shank from a cow right?
What is wrong with Anerican food?
can going raw (vegtables and fruit) really change eye color?
Can you use your Giant Eagle FuelPerks Credit Card to buy GE Gift Cards then use the gift cards to earn more?
can you eat out of date bacon if been froozen?
emulsified shortening help?
Advice on BYOB party?
I can't stand oranges?
Things to eat Nutella with?
Finger food recipes for New Years Eve?
What is a great Chinese dish to order for someone who is ordering Chinese food for the first time?
How can I set my chocolate and prevent it from melting?
Why do people think its weird that I'm vegan, Christian and bisexual man?
Need food recipes help?
What are the best healthiest oils to cook with?
What is something like liquor that would help me relax, but isn't alcoholic?
Vegans: How to feel better after falling off the wagon?
Why isn't there a frozen veggie pizza?
Is pepsi harmful even if you drink little every day?
Candy Challenges for a party?
Why do frozen vegetables stick together when you put them in warm water but not when they're frozen?
dairy free chocolate?
is the sodastream kool-aid just a knock off or is it really kool-aid?
Looking for Easy/Delicious Almond Cookies or Almond Tart recipe?
Ate pasta feel sick now? Scared?
What dishes have no carbs and no sugar in them that are cheap?
Vegans and ranch living?
what should i serve at me newyears party?
How do I return a used small appliance to walmart?
My friend keeps telling me Coors Light sucks?
Vegans owning ranches?
Do you perfer to make your own pie filling or use can filling? I done both no trouble there.?
What is americas most popular dessert?
what type of things do you buy (or to buy) while in Mexico?
Ideas of Dishes to make with left over Christmas food?
my LG expresscool fridge freezer has a problem. The freezer is working but the fridge is not.?
Best dip tobacco to get? Top 5?
Help, I accidently made brownies :(?
my pomegranates smell like alcohol is this bad?
diet plan for a vegetarian?
make jamesskinner look like a bland women?
Adjusting recipe cooking time and temperature for more servings [salmon]?
What should I do for my 14 birthday party?
new years desserts???
Can you substitute boiling water with hot milk in cake recipes?
Whole foods. Do they make their own bread IN STORE, or...?
Can you make stew beef WITHOUT lipton onion soup mix?
What is the best pumpkin banana cranberry nut bread recipe?
Definition for mycoprotein?
Should you eat the cheese rind of sharp cheddar cheese?
what is the difference between regular smoker and occasional smoker?
Can you fry a burger with butter instead of oil?
Is there a way to prevent burning when caramelizing onions (french onion soup)?
16th birthday ideas? something small with family?
The Real China in Hatfield, England. HELP 10pts?
Sick as a result of alcohol?
if a bartender knowingly serves alcohol to a patron who is blitz patron arrested whos fault?
Can I use whipped cream instead of whipping cream?
What is your favorite wine to drink? What meal does it go best with?
Planning my 21st, but completely and utterly stuck :(?
can HTST pasteurisation extend shelf life of milk based drink by 12 - 16 months?
buffalo wild wings Caribbean jerk sauce recipe?
Just found a plastic tube in my steak?!?!?!?
does anyone know any good vegan meals besides salads that don't require cooking?
Is it good to drink too much Pepsi/Coca Cola?
Can I freeze this...?
Are dried mangoes or dried fruits safe to eat?
Tell me some dishes that are famous in brazilian couisine ..?
50th birthday ideas for my dad?
Should I double the time for the green bean casserole if I doubled the contents?
What is the best way to keep green beans and carrots fresh in the fridge?
Cheddars Spinach dip recipe?
I have fresh lemons and fresh strawberries (currently frozen). Would just that make a good smoothie?
How to rehabilitate an alcoholic,?
our freezer went out, a question about food....?
Why am i only happy while stoned or drunk?
Is ceviche and leche de Tigre healthy?
If you hate Sushi, What's the point?
Valuation of ringtons huntsman tea pot?
can you call 911 or a police if someone drinks alcohol under 21?
Why don't coca cola sale there drink green?
Salvia in smoke shops?
Eating cheese sandwich is good for health or not?
how to make herbal tobacco?
Becoming A Vegan Help?
does milk contain gluten?
Themes for a 13 year olds birthday party?
where can I buy ready suet-free mincemeat?
Size and height of ice cream/waffle cone?
do I eat too much help please?
first time you got drunk stories? do u remember?
Green tea help 10pts?
How do I prepare Pomegranate?
what happens if you get wasted and take a vicodin pill?
Confuse with my oven. PLS ANSWER ):?
Are you hungry, what are you craving?
how much wine will get me drunk?
how many shots of rum will get me drunk?
how much beer will get me drunk?
how much beee will get me drunk?
I need some powerful help? Weight gain from beers and also gerd issues.?
The speed on my hand mixer has gone wrong. help!?
how much will I sell my graham cake roll?
How to entertain guests at a small teen houseparty?
Do I have alcohol poisenibg?
How many gold fish do I have to eat before my poop turns orange?
Teenage lightweight girl and vodka..?
What does pork meat taste like and how to cook it?
Are their enough different kinds of muffins that you could live off of them for longer than a year?
Do recovering alcoholics miss drinking?
Is my body fit enough to drink that much?
Butchering, Beef Cutting, Grinding question: What's usable or tasty fat on Beef?
Can a lightweight teenage female get drunk off..?
Help me this production code?
What are some of the strange foods you've tried/heard of from around the world?
Help me about this production code?
Can someone help me find a brownie recipe that serves 10-20 people?
What is the best way to heat up fish pie?
Do Monsters have affects on everyone?
Is chocolate better than grapes?
What does craving whiskey mean if you are not a drinker?
What fruit and vegetable should I eat to loose weight?
How do I cook milk steaks?
Anyone know a good recipe for cold, sweet and creamy coffee?
Is it true that your'e supposed to sit when you eat and stand up when you drink?
Coffee? Tea? Hot Chocolate? Milk? Or Orange Juice? Which is your Breakfast drink?
Recipe for a shiny fondant /white chocolate modeling clay?
Why don't they sell Home run pizza anymore in grocery stores?
Can you make pancakes with butter instead of oil?
What is/was your favorite meal made by your parents?
Can I substiute Indian Chillies instead of Mexican chilli peppers for a mole sauce?
What percentage alcohol does tequila have?
Will I get carded for buying whiskey on amazon ?
after boiling eletric kettle should you empty water out?
Does anyone know where I can buy a transparent soda can? like this?
paneer sold by dairy?
Need help identifying a popular Indian Street Dish?
What could I eat with corn bread? (Barely have any food in our refrigerator )?
What type of foods have hydrogen peroxide ?
Can i check Wine with Battery hydrometer ?
Why is it called cheesecake if there's no cheese in it?
mixing alcohol with clonidine and melatonin?
have you ever been so hungry that you ate food?
HELP ME! My chihuahua ate 2 m&ms?
should i mix these two?
what is heavy cream??
Is oatmeal gluten free?
Is TVP aka: TSP healthy to eat?
What Vegan foods are Gluten and GMO free?
Is brown rice gluten free?
what is the proper glass for gin on the rocks?
New Year's Party themes: Which would you choose--we wanna make it really different this year at our house?
what drink won't make me sick?
How do u make the chocolate candy that is inside this good humor bar?
What food are you craving right now?
whats the difference between veal and beef for eating, texture and/ or taste purposes?
which is the best sweet shoap in sarisha?
Do you think it's the beer or specifically just the alcohol that is making me sick lately?
Mario is making fruit punch by mixing orange juice and pineapple juice in a ratio of 1:3. How much pineappl?
How to make soft chocolate cake wit bubbles?
I need ideas for a lockin at a church for elementary school kids!! Please Help!?
Can soda make you throw up?
can i make tollhouse cookies in a microwave?
Cake pops in a cake pop maker?
Best time to use Coconut Oil?
What cities in Italy allows a 16 y/o to legally purchase an alcoholic beverage?
How can I develop a tolerance to vegetables?
19lb Standing Prime Rib Roast Prep Time Question?
What alcoholic beverage(s) should i drink if i have a high alcohol tolerance?
which pall mall cigarettes have filters?
what is your favorites grizzly dip?
I'm addicted to Pocky but it's expensive online HALP?
How bad or unhealthy are Chinese food chicken?
I need a cornbread recipe...please one you have actually tried?
Is everyones bone made of something differet ?
Does Betty Crocker Easy Flow cupcake icing need refrigerated after opening?
What are some ways I could roast an emu whole like a turkey or chicken?
How to make veggies more tasteful?
Smokers: how do you keep yourself from inhaling, when smoking a cigar?
Name your 3 favourite beers.... +please state your country?
If a meat based diet is healthier than a vegetarian diet?
Why do people say vegans can't get vitamin B12?
Why do people say soy is bad for you?
I'm having my 13th birthday party, but my mom said it must be cheap, any advice?
Would my parents notice if I took a beer from the fridge?
Where do I find Starbucks Ice Cream?
What To Ask For 16th Birthday?
Is it okay to eat a slightly moldy weiner?
What is the most bizzare sandwich you can ever consider making & it will taste utterly delicious?
Can I make cheesecake with whipped cream?
help me hungry don't know what to eat?
How to tell if oil is still ok for use in a salad...Help, please?
Why do people eat banannas?
Can I use cupcake mix to make a roll cake?
What do most Swedish people eat daily?
Can you bake a ready to use cheesecake crust?
How much tequila will get me buzzed?
What kind of seasoning and cheese could be used for grilled chicken?
Why does the meat in Dallas suck so bad?
how to make homemade 'basic' vanilla icing?
how long until you need to cook freshly killed, unrefrigerated meat?
I have a DEEP DISH cake pan that I want to use to make a pineapple upside down cake. How long should it bake?
What is this thing I found in either sauce or chicken meatballs?
Mad cow disease please help?
Salmon for dinner tonight. I have a small piece....?
What AMC Theatres do I have to go to?
True or False? You like Mashed Potatoes more than French Fries?
By accident, I drank 10 year old sparkling juice ( the wine bottle kind) I am 13. Will I be okay?
I was looking to have a decades party for my 21st..?
What is the weirdest thing you ever tried?
All my friends go out drinking and I've never even had a sip of alcohol?
Why does my stomach get upset every time I drink?
Becoming a Bartender - Is it Hard and Worth Going to School For?
What are some foods that fill you up but are not high in sodium or sugar?
Is Blue Sky soda a healthy alternative to regular soda pops?
Is it bad to drink a bottle of Smirnoff within 10 mins., and then take 2 aspirins?
what are the calorific values for 1 OZ of scotch, Rum, Vodka, rum and Gin?
Making sherbert punch?
Can I use a 9 inch cake pan to make a Pineapple upside down cake?
what food or beverage made by a company reaches the most of the world?
Is pesto concentrate healthy?
Are canned vegetables healthy?
How to flavor pizza dough?
Can humans be herbavores?
Foods to eat before going on a plane?
What is an ice cream phobia called?
What is the best type of pan to use on induction stoves?
Vegan and stressed out about living with meat eaters!!!?
Are Christmas leftovers unhealthy?
What is more Dangerous to eat Raw EGGS or HAMBURGER?
Does anyone know of a good crock pot?
Which alcohol should I buy for New Years?
What tortilla is healthier? wheat, flour or corn? answer please!?
Is wine better if it's corked versus screw top?
What is your favorite Flavored Vodka(s)?
How do you Spell the candy Gummy, Gummi, or Gummie Bears?
Is this a bottle of Sake?
What is better Milk Chocolate covered Gummy Bears or White Chocolate covered Gummy Bears?
Is drinking Alpine Spiced Apple Cider Original Instant Mix good for Potassium?
London Pub List Please?
Advice on throwing a hot tub party?
What is nob cheese made from and if is safe to eat?
Was this stuff laced?
Ideas for 14 year old birthday party\\/?
Can you suggest a great meat market in the Chandler AZ area?
not getting drunk while drinking... whats the problem?
what bottle can i get for 25?
Why are Germans always shown drinking beer?
So I accidentally ate a moldy bagel?
Can I microwave frozen cooked steak?
What do you think of Vegans? I was thinking of becoming one.?
How do I get over a soda addiction?
Vegan Chocolates - May you give me ideas regarding Vegan Ganache?
what is your favorite food side and drink.?
How did I eat for a runner?
Is this healthy??????
How much trouble can someone get in for throwing a small party in a hotel room?
Can you make microwave popcorn without a microwave?
Is it worth saving up for a keg for my 10th annual camp party in March?
Is it possible to make French Macarons without the powdered sugar?
how long for an 8 pound pork but in the crock pot?
is this a normal craving?
Can I get wine in spain?
Any ideas for a 13 year old party?
Where does the name for the Southern Comfort cocktail 'Gatsby' come from?
Hey guys! Im having a girlz new years party, and im thinking of ideas of what to do.?
Could I become a competitive eater?
Electronic Cigarette - Public Opinion: Which Brand do you fancy most?
Poll: What is your favorite tart to eat?
give me 10 Reasons why it's okay to eat animals?
best multi purpose kitchen machine?
Does anyone know of a ranch dressing with NO garlic?
Does anyone know of a ranch dressing with NO garlic?
Is it better to drink cold water or warm water first thing in the morning?
What type of sea salt do you use for percings ?
If pastry is made from fat and dough, why are Italian and French pastries viewed as exquisite?
Where can I find recipe for chik & dumplings using tortilla shells?
Why does taste mature right into 20's? (nutrition)?
Why does taste mature right into 20's? (nutrition)?
Why did they put cheese when I ordered a hamburger?
I got given tons of chocolate for christmas but mixed with all the sunday dinners will be fattening?
Sweet onion side dish?
how to make soft marshmallow fondant?
i need juicing recipies?
How long would you marinade veal neck in whole?
I asked for a Irish coffee in the star and garter in Linlithgow and got something strange, what is it?
Names For A European And Chinees cusine restraunt?
Am I the only one who likes Chocolate and Cheese?
what are dangers of cultism?
How can i get chip in accout direct ?
does anyone know how to make olive gardens salad dressing its really good and i would like the recipe for it t?
Does drinking milk whitens ur skin ?
Where do they sell Nori in Miami, Florida?
Is fruit harmful to eat in empty stumuk?
does coffee actually stunt your growth?
Can anyone suggest any budget meal recepies?
How to make chocolate ganache frosting with store brought whipped cream?
Costa coffee shop help?
Is there a website where you can sell your coffee grounds?
Why are you a vegetarian?
Why do people say we need meat to survive?
Who has drank Kickapoo Joy Juice? Remember that one?
Ideas for home made chips( fruits or veggie)?
Are there hot chocolate k cups without artificial sugar? I just tried dunkin donuts& keurigs hot chocolate?
Can you eat off kitchen floor?
When fixing a fruit pie what is your favorite crust?
Victoria sponge cake turns greyish/off colour after filling it with jam and cream?
What kind of Rum to make a mojito?
What kind of Rum to make a mojito?
If i can handle my drink well, does that mean i can consume more alcohol before being over the limit?
Is it beans or meat that contain more protean?
How do I order secret menu from Starbucks?
In which country snakes are eaten in breakfast ?
which brand whey protein is the best to build muscles?
Storing homemade chocolate truffles?
16th birthday party ideas?
do you have any teenager party ideas?
The worst in worst food you have eaten ?
Is a cashew a fruit or a nut?
I want a list of food for GI problems that do not contain gluten?
What is your favorite beer?
how much sugar do you use?
What is the difference between a yam and a sweet potato?
how to make icecream without vannila or chocolate or fruit?
How much candy can I get with 20 dollars?
can u get tipsy of liquor chocolates?
How to go vegetarian and still be in good shape?
Is it okay to drink sparkling water when you have a sore.throat?
Does it hurt to have a diet cola once in a while?
I am thinking that i had became addicted to tea as the day i didn't drink tea ends with a bad headache.?
What is your Favourit Nut< fruit of the tree, not Character?....I like Brazils...?
How long do dumplings take to cook?
Can you name some British chocolate bars that they don't have in America?
Why do we eat tuna fish sandwiches?
Does tea or coffee darkens the face skin ?
Which rice to use for paella?
Can I eat yogurt 4 days after its best before date?
New aluminum baking sheets.?
Why can't I eat eggs?
Will the cake I made without using a recipe fail?
What are twinkies made of.?
what liquor would be the best for flambe method?
What does if mean if you feel sick after eating? please help?
Why is the kendel surprize eggs banned in the untied states?
Brand Name of Fryers used by Smiths Crisps or Walkers Crisps?
Okay so my parents found alchol in my draw?
purer than Caesar's wife?
Thinking of there daily bread and butter is usual for them.?
How many cups of green tea should be drunk a day?
12% alc. vol. in flambe method?
What's cheaper? almonds or macadamia nuts?
What could I do with an empty jones bottle ?
What are tasty, quick meal ideas?
Lunch and dinner suggestions?
Good foods and drink to have when sick?
Recipe substitution, challah.?
Is it difficult to differentiate bolivian cuisine from peruvian cuisine?
What to do with sliced rabbit?
what will the out come of mixing cornstarch?
Please have you a good recipe?
Why is alcohol like poison to me?
question about brewing coffee?
200mg of Ibuprofen and 1.5L of smirnof spin (5% alc)?
Why does coke foam: how does the chiller affect foaming of soda especially during bottling of coke?
how does the chiller affect foaming of soda?
We smoked a ham ate some slice s but notice it has some blood in the middle of meat. what can happen to me?
What are some foods often found in the kitchen that is black or brown.?
Bro how many days want to fully grow a cocaine(coca)tree?
Are fruits good to have as breakfast?
Does anyone know of an actual Kentucky Fried Chicken menu on line and where?
How do you know if avocado oil has gone rancid?
How can I become a cake maker?
How do I fix my croissants?
How do I fix my croissants?
How do I fix my croissants?
How much to get drunk?
Why is my FROZEN cream cheese frosting still soft?
getting a headache drinking beer?
Will I ever like the taste of alcohol again?
What are the sizes and prices of alcohol?
Who should he given extra servings of food?
Looking for Quallity Gin's?
What is the name of this chocolate snack?
does anyone know the equivalent cup of 115g?
What cup cake would you like?
Give me your vegan shopping list?
Why are whey protein so much more expensive in canada?
my friend takes 3 bottle cough syrup per day, is it addiction?
my friend takes 3 bottle cough syrup per day, is it addiction?
my friend take 3 bottle s per day, is it addiction.?
What things would you do differently than in this video on making good coffee with Keurig and reusable cup?
What is your favorite type of candy?
I NEED HELP PLEASE!!!?
What are your favorite Cookbooks?
what is your favorite kind of juice?
Does shakeology work?
whats a good expresso maker?
why is it whenever I eat Tums or tic tac's I sneeze ?(and I only sneeze the one time)?
Where can I buy a chocolate fountain?
Snack foods recommended for my boss with MS?
what to cook with salisbury steaks?
why is lemonade usually in green bottles?
Why do I not get hangovers?
if i put java chips in my frappueccino will it taste like coffee?
Caviar shouldn't be served with metal spoon, but why sold in metal tin?
Chili experts! I need help with how to make Chili?
I did the mio challenge and I really don't feel good now. Help?
Buy a 1lb or 2lb bag of Pez refills?
I have a 2009 Glen Ellen White Zinfandel, when will it expire?
How long does Henri Marchant Champagne last?
What is the difference between classic and original (traditional) eggnog?
Best coffee/ makers below 20000rs in India?
How can i find out what soup wawa is selling today without going there?
I need some ideas on what to take to work for lunch?
What to mix with hawaiian punch polar blast?
How can you make vegetable bread sandwich with onions?
Do you use ketchup when you eat fries?
If I am under 21 and I break a bottle of alcohol in a store, do I have to pay for it?
how do I make coffee with this?
mixing alcohol with xanax?
Can anyone recommend a good espresso machine?!?
Weed question: should I trust these people?
What in the world is this thing my roomate has on the counter?!?!?
My bottle of E&J XO Brandy tastes different. Is this normal?
Gross brown flakes in pasta box?
Questions for Vegans - I've met many vegans who have a dog. How do you feed them?
Can you use a homemade fondue in a Velata warmer?
Vegan Chocolates - May you give me suggestions and recipes for making vegan chocolate pralines?
I left a boiled egg out all day yesterday, should I eat it?
Question For A Chef. How Can I Make An Easy Cream Of Chicken Soup With Limited Ingredients. Can I?
Stopped drinking soda, are these side effects normal?
I ate charcoal and feel weird?
Is expired alcohol safe?
drinking alchohol before meeting with a friend in town?
Am I Affected by alcoholic drink?
Would intravenous vodka work for severe pain as replacement for narcotics ?
Whats the best flavor of gatorade in your opinion?
How many shots does it take to get lightly drunk?
Has anyone else gotten a (dizzy) headache from eating Domino's Hawaiian Pizza?
Bored on a Friday night?
how will i cook hamonada and what are its ingredients?
how do i make ice cream freeze faster?
Is 2 bottles of smirnoff vodka enough for 5-6 people?
healthy chinese food??
what is emerging method of food?
how to know if a glass cup is tempered?
How do I brew coffee to make it a darker colour?
I was looking for a Chocolate Fountain For My Daughter 15 for 200 people. Does anyone know were I can get one?
Vegeterian cookbooks?
how to fix my bacon pizza?
red bull and its effects?
Can I make flan (Creme Caramel) with brown sugar?
How much water would YOU add to the juice of one lemon? (as a drink on its own)?
what is the alcohol percentage in a 25 ounce bottle of Merlot?
What is the best brand of crystal and the best brand of fine china?
I made a pumpkin pie tonight. What do I do with them to keep them fresh until tomorrow?
Where can I find an inside out burger? (a burger with cheese in the middle of the meat)?
Why is drinking water so important?
I'm scared to start drinking?
(Starbucks) Are there any hot beverages like the Java Chip Frappuccino?
I made shortbread cookies, baked them and now I have crumbs.Can I mix something in and rebake them to fix them?
Is 45 minutes enough time for brisket sandwich to cool down?
What to do with the remainder of a slightly undercooked turkey breast joint?
\What Sandwich(s) do you Prefer to be on Untoasted Bread?\?
Best salmon recipe in a cast iron skillet.?
What kind of alcoholic beverage gets you the drunkest?
I am in need of a production cookie cutter. One that cuts multiple shapes at once.?
What Sandwich(s) do you Prefer to be on Toasted Bread?
How do you like your Peanut Butter & Jelly Sandwich on Toasted Bread or Untoasted Bread?
Good non alcoholic champagne?
how to get carrot and pumpkins in minecraft pocket edition?
When can I eat chips and rice????????!!!?
Avocado quality getting worse ?
i like pudding who else does?
is it all in the genes with drinking?
Grocery stores names starting with s?
Is .24 of alcohol a lot?
How do thermal water bottles work?
Birthday themes for 13 year old girl?
What are you snacking on?
if I weighed 99 pounds and I ate 1 pound of beans. Does that make me 1% beans?
How can i make a really easy, strong alcoholic drink?
Can I add peanut butter to a box cookie mix?
whats the best place to order pizza from?
Good non alcoholic champagne?
If your used to a certain drink, would other ones be stronger for you?
Does Vodka count as liquor?
do italian's put cheese on their pasta?
Does alcohol tolerance depend on genetics?
if hindu's are vegetarian then...?
Make ketchup with only basic ingredients?
I'm drinking for the first time - what do I do?
How do I break out of my habit of hitting the bottle?
Should I work at Jamba Juice?
Sweet 16 theme for February party?
What do que papas look like?
how healthy are these pecans?
Can a UK Alcohol licence dictate when you are allowed minors on the premises?
What will happen if I use 2 eggs instead of egg product in my cupcakes?
How to make fried mozzarella sticks with shredded cheese?
Does french onion go good with ...?
isn't eating and egg basically eating a hens period?
Flavored coffee creamer gives me heartburn?
Have you ever tried an Eclipse?
Where can I find a really nice clear glass teapot for my parents' anniversary?
Our pad thia sauce is ruined, can someone help?!?
Hot apple Cider? Hot Chocolate? Or Hot Tea? Which do you like better?
Whats the best food in the world?
why do i fart so much after eating chocolate?!!?
How to liven up my New Year's Eve party?
why is cheesecake so dense?
What should I have for breakfast?
I'm cooking Meat loaf for supper. What should I use to -?
Healthy recipe request.?
Can u heat up egg nog?
can you put bobby flay cookware in oven?
please read! everyone! i need advice! im on a JUice Diet.?
did i drink bleach or am i fine?
I know I sound like a troll, but are PepperRidge Farms goldfish crackers vegetarian?
I am a picky eater what should i eat?
Hi made Chicken and Dumplings and it's way to salty. What can I do?
Can I Send Welsh Cakes to Australia?
anyone got the dilia smith chilli con carne recipe?
when a recipe calls for 3 green onions do they mean 3 stalks or 3 entire onions?
Oster Primalatte problem?
how long is weed in your system?
storing bananas peeled in the fridge is it ok?
Can't drink any amount of alcohol without throwing up, what can help?
making split pea soup?
sweet 16 party ideas??
Why do I not wanto eat food anymore?
Where is the cheapest place to shop for meat and food and cleaning supply's ?
What is the cheapest store to shop for meat?
Are carrots good to eat by themselves?
Tomatoes: 2 Fruit and 5 Veg Question?
Is it sad that I own a pet bird and still eat meat?
How to get high when your out of weed?
How to get rid of the car fine jitters?
Is it bad to drink two cans of soda (one straight after the other)?
is club house brown gravy halal?
How do I keep vegetables and lettuce fresher longer?
What frosting goes well with Hummingbird Cake (besides cream cheese frosting)?
What is your favorite gluten free alcohol?
What does the Cookie Crumble taste like at starbucks?
athiests: how do i make creame of crab soup?
Is creaming soda good to mix with vodka?
What is the startup cost for a legal marijuana dispencery in Colorado?
Going to a strip club underage.?
Is anyone else getting Sara Lee pies that aren't wrapped?
what flavor ice cream is ok to eat when your on a diet?
Should I drink protein shake after gyming?
Is crackers and cheese bad for you?
Why do I feel drunk without drinking?
Does anyone know a recipe for bite sized corn and barbecue sauce?
I'm mexican and I hate mexican food?
What is absinthe like?
How much water should i drink a day?
What is absinthe like?
How long to cook oven chuck patties?
Does skittles have caffeine in them?
Green tea/other tea experts needed! 10 pts!?
Only consume liquids?
Is high proof alcohol safe to drink?
Why aren't I hungry anymore?
Bought 15 mini choclate chip muffings, expired xmas day can I still eat some now?
Simple Chicken crockpot recipes?
gluten free super food powders? (without wheat grass)?
i like to know how to drink vat 69?
What can I make with a giant slab of chocolate?
Smart ones points? Help?
Cheap venues in Wimbledon parties?
what is the diffrence between a spoge and a gateau?
Are David's Tea Perfect Tea Mugs Dishwasher Safe?
What should i do for my birthday!!!!?
Whats the difference between water and (no added sugar) juice?
Why did my prime rib roast continue to cook after it was carved?
Can you reuse tassimo t disks?
can i buy bottle water and soda with my food stamp card? (In the state of Illinois)?
Does \Icehouse\ beer have the best balance of taste and kick?
How can I get in touch with SABMiller to request continued production of Red Dog..?
Why don't I feel like eating?
Found one little tiny bug in my flour?
Good lunch ideas that don't need to be kept cool or heated?
cheesemakers can you make ricota from mozarelka whey?
how long can a thawed 8 to 10 pound ham stay in the frige before it goes bad?
Birthday Party ideas?
what would be a good wine for me?
How can I mix the cookie dough?
Alcohol on drug test?
is midnight moon made with real moonshine?
How to cook beef rendang?
is there a problem with dingo chip mix chicken and sweet potato chews?
is there a problem with dingo chip mix chicken and sweet potato chews?
What can I put in this soup I made to make it taste better?
drank about a gallon of tea yesterday?
My parents wont let me go raw?
How to make a 3 out of cupcakes?
how to make ramen from Maruchan Ramen?
Help me copycat this recipe!?
can monster energy drink make you test positive for nicotine?
where can I find sugar free dessert recipes?
I burned a cooking pot badly while making chili…is there any way to get the scorch marks cleaned off?
What alcohol goes well with iced lemonade passion tea?
what are the best drinks?
How much water do I use for my keurig?
I need to find out how to make a cheesy ham and bacon lasagna?
What are the beer prices for British Columbia?
I am a brahmin and I eat egg?
Why does eating shrimp make me nauseous?
Does anyone have this recipe for BAKED Whiskey Balls?
whats the boiling point of olive oil?
What provides more caffeine- Red bull or black coffee?
beer batter bread: can another liquid be used?
How do I delay the gag reflex? (Soy burger)?
What should I do? 18th birthday?
Can crumble go off after a week?
i have just brought some chicken and the3 use by date is 4 of jan if i freeze it now how long is it safe to?
Why does vegetarians eat egg?
What are the ingredients that enhance the taste of a FRUIT ?
Can you freeze beef mince twice?
Do the following foods need refrigerating?
What is the easiest resource to help go vegan?
How long wine stays in your system?
COOKING: Can someone please inform me how to make home soup ?
Tequila - Turning 18?
where can i find edible gelatin in delhi?
How to replace coffee with tea?
Receipe for white chocolate ganache for piping?
Suggest a name for dessert/pastries business. We are two partners in it. Named Isha and Neha.?
when you diet why do you need 5 meals im so confused?
Can we make \BRU Hot Coffee Premix\ at home?
What cuts of beef will I find in a halal market?
Were can I buy vegan chilli jam online?
Is Drinking beer good for health?
Whats the difference with Mayonnaise, Salad Cream and Tatar sauce?
What is a chipolata in english? (sausage)?
does any culture of people eat oatmeal savory style?
What are the ingredients of making a herbal candy? And how?
What sushi dressing could it be?
what can i do if my fudge didnt thicken?
what can i do if my fudge didnt thicken?
Any other salt like daizpam?
Is something wrong with my eating habits?
Have any lunch ideas for people who work outside?
I have a couple pass for new year eve party wanna join with me?
how do you remove a broken cork?
how to cook chicken curry? can anyone help?
How much good Kush can I get for 60$?
how to get rid of a high fast?
how to make delicious and pure veg chocolates at home?
how much is nestle toll house cake cook?
How to make rum cake ?
quick mead question hoping for a quick reply?
How do you make a steak REAL tender?
Howto become more aware?
Howto become more aware?
Is 7-11 a good place to buy smokes yo?
what is the name of the thing you put on a hot plate to distribute the heat?
is it okay to colour my fondant with liquid food colouring?
Difference between \black and blue\ and \very rare\ steak ?
26th birthday. need help?
Have you eaten Crab ice cream?
What are some of the leftovers still available from the Holiday dinner?
How to drink responsibly for the first time?
Do you ever have breakfast in the evening for your meal instead of morning? What do you like to eat then?
What is your favorite flavor of smoothie?
Mens alcoholic drink with no burn & bad tase?
If I put lemon juice on celery, would it mask the taste?
Have you ever had dinner for breakfast, if so what was it?
What is the value of these rare Coca Cola cups?
How to break the habit of drinking sweet coffee?
sleepover idea's?!?!?!??!?!?!?!?!?
will half a beer and hookah pen show up in a urine sample?
With a gram of weed. How many emptied out cigarettes could I fill?
I made pumpkin bars and corn muffins and ..................?
There's Something Yellow, Red, Pin-Shaped Pinned to My Turkey. What Is This?
Throwing my sisters a party?
What to do with cheesecake mix?
How long does a gallon of White Mountain Bulgarian yogurt last?
will the smell of whiskey be able to be smelled outside a room?
Which coffee pod machine can take other pods?
Is it weird that i'm white and enjoy Hennessy?
Help with my first vegan shopping list?
Having a cheesecake crisis, PLEASE HELP, what should I do?
ice cream might be going bad?
ice cream might be going bad?
Did I eat to much today?
Girlfriend is glut/dairy free any good foods we both can eat?
I have several rather large ham bones and am looking for a recipe for them with beans. etc. Any ideas would?
What is your fave chocolate?
what flavor is snowberry peace tea?
Fancy Party ideas for 17 year old ?
Instant Ramen Noodles like Maruchan Brand - homemade seasonings?
Can you cook fresh home made pasta in under 30 seconds?
dill out of a pickle?
drinking alcohol question? help?
Can you mix Crystal Light with tequila?
just took 400mg of ibruprofen after drinking 1 1/2 glass of wine, will I be okay?
macadamia nuts for food smoking?
whats does eggnog really do to you?
what fun things can I do at my birthday party BTW college student?
if I want to give homemade fudge on Wednesday, how far ahead can I make the fudge?
Can I use the Tazo teabag in a venti cup instead of pitcher?
How much is are large fries in Arkansas?
i have a lime-a-rita that's been sitting in my closet for a while is it okay to drink?
Anyone ever made Crunchers??
i have a lime-a-rita that's been sitting in my closet for a while is it okay to drink?
How long do you use the oil left over after deep frying & how to dispose it?
What other brand of white chocolate could I use for covering strawberries?
Does it feel better when you smoke cigarettes and drink beer?
How to make a delicious THICK & CREAMY smoothie?
Is Hershey's special dark cocoa powder okay for vegans?
songs for a 16th bday party playlist?
sweet 16 in march ideas?
Does Korean crown candy contain alcohol?
Is Malibu okay to drink after sitting out without a cap?
One can of coke (12 fl oz) with 4 fl oz of Jack Daniels? What's the ratio?
why put sour cream in cheesecake?
Does anyone know of any Dutch food store and/or bakery in San Diego? Thank you!?
What are some easy & healthy vegetarian lunches?
whats your opinion on marshmallows?
How can I give up food?
What happens when you eat junk food all day?
songs for a party playlist?
Price of 1986 Pinot Noir Wine Panther Creek?
What are some new Copenhagen dips to try?
Daughter has consumed a lot of alcohol, what damage may have been done?
Did you eat prime rib for christmas?
What is your favorite soda?
Did I have a lot to drink? I'm 13?
I made nachos with ground beef, beans and shredded cheese. Can I freeze the leftovers and for how long?
Sick everyday from iced coffee?
How should you store homemade glazed scones?
my no-bake cookies did not harden, so what can i do with the mix?
How much salt do you add to a saucepan of boiling water (for potatoes, pasta etc.)?
Any 12 yearolds party ideas?
Do you use tap water for cooking?
What does a 0.08% BAC feel like?
Is Fantasia E-Hookah bad for you?
Are there any tasty leafy greens out there for people who hate veggies?
Is there a way to make clarified butter unclarified?
500 mg at 5% alcohol beer can, how much of a pint is this?
How to not be a lightweight drinker?
What's your favorite custom Dutch brothers drink?
How to dry pumpkin seeds?
Can i add tea bags/flavouring to a filtered water bottle?
How many pitted dates in a serving?
How else do you serve Hard Boiled Eggs/Can you Marinate them?
Is there a demand for paleo brownie mix?
what's going on with me?
name for a huge burger?
I need New Years party ideas!?
can i make alcohol gummy bears with a can of beer?
Recent Meat Problem??
Keeping food warm in the oven?
What are those pretty patty things?
So shall I go vegetarian?
What the difference...?
What are some good diet meals?
What is this interesting-looking wooden instrument?
Any cakes with no alcohol in flavoring?
When will people realise that exessive animal protein is at the core of the worlds most chronic diseases?
How can I tell if the lox i made is ready?
12th birthday party ideas for a girl!?
Difference between Coke and Pepsi..?
What's a really good breakfast recipe using eggs?
Question about a cream cheese caramel dip...?
Roast Pork Loin? Grilled Salmon? Or Vegetable Lasagna for dinner?
Best way to lead from drinking wine to sex?
Would do you think of sugar free baking?
Are Benson&Hedges 100s Premium \Light cigarettes?
How to fry chicken wings in the deep fryer?
What will happen after eating old ham?
Why do hunters think animals heads on their walls are attractive?
can too much flavoured water be bad for you?
White rice, and Cream of chicken soup?
how much is 1 gram of ground sage?
I am making a vegetarian stew with cubed butternut squash. It is still completely hard. What do I do?
Help me identify this cookware. I have no idea what it is.?
How much cinnamon + nutmeg should I use to substitute for 6 cloves?
Pecans are rich in what?
How many drinks will get me drunk?
i bearly got a hookah pen (iced melon) From Luxury lites , i took like 30 hits and all of the sudden no more?
How long can sifted sugar sit and still be sifted?
Why is hunting called a sport?
how can you make toast in the microwave?
Poll: Do you have any leftovers from Christmas dinner?
Mini cookware for kids?
If one egg takes 3 mins to boil, how much time will 10 eggs take to boil?
Is a ham that was stored in car for about 5 hours still good? It was 40 degrees out at the time.?
True or False? You dislike Vanilla Shakes?
Ingredients in Reds Apple Ale?
Question About Buying Alcohol at Register?
i was not aware that some takeaway restaurants open xmas day?
i was not awaren nthat some takeaway restaurants open xmas day?
Buy honey Jars glass ... heeeelp!!!!!!?
35th Birthday Party Celebration Ideas?
Can I use chocolate bar chocolate in recipes?
Is this possible with a Keurig?
When using a crock pot do you always need to add a liquid?
How to make a real chicken tikka masala?
Does anyone have a recipe for spiced tea WITHOUT Tang or orange juice? thanks?
Can playing Just Dance be a fun thing to do when I'm feeling hyper?
healthy filling crockpot recipies or anything simple?
Have you ever tried rubbing salted butter on something frozen to thaw it quicker?
Would you consider a temporary ID a valid form of identification?
Can anyone knowledgeable about cappuccino tell me when frothing the milk with a hand held frother how do you?
Would you use expired cake icing?
Christmas Dinner Round Two, Turkey Day....see below?
Where in arkansas or mississippi can i sell pecans in the shell?
keurig k-cup ingredients...cant have milk whatsoever?
How to make pinto beans cook faster?
Approximately, how many drinks would get me drunk?
can a normal water dispenser work with soda?
Lack of energy... I NEED HELP ASAP?
Best champagne under 20 dollars?
If i drank 10 beers last night and stopped drinking at 9pm will i pass a machine breathalyzer at 630 pm today?
Which are good brand names for e-cigarette liquid? I would like to buy a good one for my husband.?
Am I eating enough protein?
Why is it so hard to find weed where I live?
What is your kind favorite of the pizza?
Have u ever had avacado?
I've just drunk 5 year out of date bottled lager,, will there be side effects?
I need a good White Russsian recipe. Any suggestions?
how much alcohol will i need for 250 guests?
Does 1 1/2 mean a cup and a half?
how to make fresh orange juice?
Do girls find vegetarian guys attractive?
for a sweet 16, dance party, how can i incorporate a murder mystery, someone falling dead on dance floor?
what's a good blender to buy?
Something for 20 teenage kids to do at a birthday party?
Does anyone else feel sick after drinking coffee?
making a cupcake more moist?
Need help with my espresso shots!?
Can i reheat pre made nalysnyky (Ukrainian crepes) in a crockpot?
Need Diabetic Friendly Recipes?
Things to order for dinner?
As a vegan, I fail to see how keeping pets is \slavery\?
Should I use oil? Or not? 10 points for best answer?
What Else To Put Into A BBQ Plate?
Do drunk people usually tell the truth?
I have had kefir on the counter in raw milk for about three weeks is it still okay to use?
can you smell bacardi and coke on your breath?
All ways to cook eggs?
how to make veg Manchow soup ?
what is the best way to make matzoh balls?
who's the man on the cream of wheat box?
How to make a plum cake ?
Quick and easy healthy dinner recipes for two?
can I put sweet potato cubes into a mixed vegetable soup?
dos your mind travule faster than light?
Why does pasta go cold so quickly?
Can you convert the following into cups?
why can muslims in England refuse to serve alcohol and pork at supermarket checkouts?
Can you reheat pigs in blankets?
what ingrediants to add to melted chocolate?
Can You Use Cornmeal Instead of Cornflour to make Egg Custard?
What do think of..........?
His GREEK yogurt ..........?
how do you make yourself vomit?
I cooked too many goose fat roast potato's yesterday?
new pescatarian. help?
What kind of food intolerance is this?
Why does alcohol make us feel.....???
Can you make cheesecake with cheese singles?
can you use chicken oxy instead of stock to make a curry?
What is the youngest age that you can give a child tea/coffee?
Why is it \cool\ for tesns to drink?
hiw much oil do i put in a deep fat fryer?
what temperature do i cook chips?
can i use vegtable oil to cook chips?
Expired lemonade can I drink it?
Do americans eat much curry?
A few friends are coming over for breakfast tomorrow...?
can a thick small/med glass jar with a cork plug block marijuana smell?
I soaked cherries in Tequila..What can i do to sweetenthem up a bit?
What kind of food intolerance is this?
How long does frozen food last?
Converting grams to cups?
Is This A Hangover...?
What is everyones most hated sweets?
octopus is halal or makruh?
can I go to the ER drunk and then go to detox?
A question about Banana pudding?
How does one bake a cake with fine crumb?
Is supermarket venison bled?
Courses after btech related to food industry?
Anyone know a recipe for mangoes?
Anyone know a recipe for mangoes?
E-cig liquid what is the diffrence between ?
Is alcohol good for one's health?
What is use of kingfisher beer ?
How long to boil a 900 g shop bought christmas pydding for?
Can silicone cup cake moulds be used in a convection oven?
Have Chardonnay exports from France or US fallen significantly since 2000?
Alcohol Blackouts becoming more common?
can a shot of wine give you a buz?
Poll:what's your favorite flavor of ice-cream?
Will it be hard to find a girl to kiss on a New Year's Eve pub crawl?
My sweat smells like garlic pasta if someone were to cook me and eat me would I taste like?
What type of chocolate do you like please pick one only?
How much do you love graham crackers and what kinds of way do you change them to enjoy the as a treat?
Receipe for eggless chocolate yule cake receipe /swiss roll?
crabmeat ideas and recipes?
what is your New-Year Plan party or what ?
\Lets Drink\ vs \Lets Get Tipsy\....how does one sound vs the other?
What foods should we take?
Does Bitter or Ale have any nutritional benefits?
Have you ever been given a dessert you do not like at a party?
Do they make wine at home for fun or because?
Girls, Does wine make you horny?
what can i do with the remains of my goose from chrismas can i make anything meals from it?
Can you list foods that are gluten, yeast and dairy free?
Can I heat beans in a Halogen oven?
Would it be nice to mix pepperoni with mushroom soup?
Where to find out how rare is this wine?
Are ham slices high in protein?
What does a butterfinger taste like?
In sushi, is raw fish used?
Anyone ever had corned venison?
What soda do you DISLIKE?
Drinking and Vomiting?
80 proof bad for teenagers?
Will too many frozen items cool down an oven?
I'm turning 14 and I'm wondering what should I plan?
How can I ship alcohol overseas?
Should you eat Xmas leftovers or give it to the dog?
Will one four loko get me drunk?
I'm 15 and would like to organise a New Years party, any ideas?
Can I substitute baking soda with baking powder?
Can't stand Tea, but I want to be able to drink it.?
15th birthday party ideas??!!?
15th birthday party ideas??!!?
any scientific reason for potatoes being popular with all taste buds?
What do people eat in Ladakh ?
How can you tell when a Synergy organic raw Chia drink is bad or good?
Please help me find fuji apple mentos?
I really love Cooking. I am Looking Chef Training School in South Africa.?
Is my Greek yogurt gone bad already?
How to Boil an EGG perfectly.?
difference between GI material and MS material?
How to make choclate chip cookies please help and thanks?
You can buy lamb almost anywhere but I've seldom, if ever, seen mutton on sale, how come?
If I order a hookah pen off of ebay, will I have to sign for it?
Where can I buy ice cream base? Like they use at sheetz?
Does Starbucks open on Christmas Day?
Can I make peppermint tea with fresh peppermint leaves?
What teas are best for relaxation and anxiety?
Which are some of the best new year parties for a single male in mid 40's to attend?
I am making a sauce for forty people. How much beff stock would I have to use with 5 lb of mushrooms?
i have 50 pounds of chicken breasts ,i want to thaw one bag out at a time ,but i only want to thaw it?
a nightcap is usually an alcoholic drink taken at the end of the day.?
Can you get drunk easily if drinking Sauvignon Blanc?
Any good Starbucks that doesn't have a lot of coffee taste?
Chefs: What percentage of your only life has been wasted chopping vegetables?
When I became a vegetarian my period became heavier?
Starbucks Very Berry Hibiscus refreshers vs Tazo Iced passion tea?
Does Coke plan to bring back Vault or Surge soda?
Is it possible to buy generic liquor, as in, does not have a name brand?
how can I make a fondant that can be cut easily after making the cake.. my marshmelo fondant is very hard ll?
How long can a dish with uncooked dairy stay out of the fridge?
Brewing start up questions?
i ate alot of sugar 4 hours ago when will it wear off?
What spices and herbs would have gone into The Last Supper's entrees?
I am highly allergic to sesame, do you think I can eat korean BBQ?
Does anyone know where to buy popping bobas?
how can i get emergecy food assistant in california?
Bento Lunch Question?
I am highly allergic to sesame, do you think I can eat korean BBQ?
I just got a new Mr. Coffee by Keurig and It won't brew?
Can you inject alcohol in ur veins, just like injecting heroin ?
Eating Unwashed Quinoa?
I have a keurig and when i make hot cocoa it is too watery. What can I add to make it less watery?
Drunk parents. Not Funny. Help Me.?
Can teenagers be addicted to alcohol?
How long should you wait after drinking alcohol to take tylenol?
Is it better to eat fruit before of after eating junk food and sweets?
Advice for a first time drinker?
Do I have to have an oven to make cookies?
Why do alcoholics drink more at the holidays?
Is chicken parmigiana the same in Italy as in North America?
The chicken legs started bleeding while they were cooking?
Is Italian food in North America the same as Italian food in Italy?
Dont people rea;ise that a vegan diet is generally much cheaper than eating meat?
Ideas for 50th surprise?
I eat way too much!? Please help?
How long will an unopened bottle of beer last unrefrigerated?
Which are the Full flavored Gauloises and Benson&Hedges?
My cookie dough look like cake batter?
When a smoothie recipe calls for old fashion oats, should they be cooked or uncooked?
where do you buy giant gummy bears?
what to eat at 2 in the morning?
Did you know that fruits are the fast foods, not McDonalds?
What happens when I unlock all the Starbucks badges?
Suggestions on Chinese food in Sheffield?
Potato Chips = Health Food ?
Poll: Potato salad or pasta salad?
How do I make pre made chocolate chip cookie dough taste like homemade cookies?
What are some popular Chinese fish dishes?
whats the drinking age in sauze d'oulx in italy?! please!?
Best strains of m***jiuana?
How should I combine these ingredients?
What kind of liquor gets you the drunkest quickest and whats the cheapest kind of liquor?
what is your favorite coffee to drink?
Will i get addicted to aclhohol?
How long will it take me to get a flat stomach on a raw food diet?
sizzler or the cheese cake factory for 1 year anniversary?
how old tecate beer is good for use?
What should I do for my sweet 16?
How long would a naggin and a half keep me drunk for?
Whatever happened to \Puds\?
how long can you keep pizza in a fridge before it is no good?
how to store cinnamon dough (overnight)?
How to you make coconut shrimp?
can i use white wine instead of vermouth in a martini?
what to do with a bad batch of no-bake cookies?
Am I a hopeless romantic?
My oil temp is less than 350 yet my flour coated chicken burns in less than 30 seconds?
what are good warm drink recipes to give to a kid?
A German liquor similar to brandy?
Can someone help me with this? I made pumpkin bars....?
Can I gain weight if i eat too much fruit or vegetable??
Should I dump the popcorn out?
I want to know how to make pizza?
Paracetamol and Alcohol?
So aII you have to do to make aIcohoI is ferment?
What is char koay teow?
Does A & W in Malaysia still sell those chili hot dogs without the beans?
Any good chinese dessert to serve after a good greasy chinese food, besides red beans soup .?
Who all likes a slice of cheese on warm apple pie?
Does this make someone an Alcoholic?
Are halogen ovens safe to use?
How to eliminate hot spice from foods?
How to eliminate spice from foods?
What nutriens are in mustard?
can anyone find me a scene with people taking shots of vodka?
Which do you like to put on your pancakes before the syrup: Butter/Margarine/Ghee/ Bacon grease /Lard?
Overripe bananas: What else other than banana bread?
What would happen if I drink a unopened coke bottle?
Should I go to this party?
Veggies: do you feel annoyed when your (non-veget/vegan) friends show you things that you would never buy?
can i buy a hookah pen off ebay?
how many oz of water do i need to make 4.6 cups of water?
how many oz of water do i need to make 4.6 cups of water?
i followed an online recipe for sweet potato casserole but it came out too liquidy, how do I fix it?
could this be love sickness or depression?
Can you use ham in place of pork roast for good luck in the new year?
can nd sell alcohol on Christmas?
Egg pie or custard pie help PLEASE?
What sort of main dish would you serve with boulliabaisse?
I'm stuck in Colorado and liquor stores are closed on Christmas Day (for some crap reason).?
Is Chuke E Cheese's open on Dec 25?
Will a 11% bottle of wine get me drunk?
What beers were popular in the 40s and 50s USA?
Why did moms pernil come out like ham?
What should I make for lunch?(:?
Why is it hard for me to drink cold water?
What's the maximum amount of water I can drink a day?
I want to be vegan but at the same time I don't.?
if i add a pinch of caustic soda to a STRONG cup of coffee, will that enhance the coffee's flavor?
Can 15 years olds have drinking parties in England?
At what temperature is a standing rib roast done?
How can I fix this egg drop soup?
How long should you deep fry a whole chicken in a butterball fryer?
How to eat food you don't like?
can beer show up in a drug test ?
what is the ingredients of pink lady perry?
will alcohol make me tired?
are liquor stores open today?????
Any bars/pubs/clubs/casinos open tonight in Sheffield for some evening Christmas drinks?
can these red things make u hallucinate?
If I cook a pie at 325F when it says to cook at 400F will it be ok?
Are razzles vegan?- candy?
How many cups is 2 lbs of shredded cheddar cheese?
How do you know that hollindayse sauce is done?
Where can I buy proper dried prunes, without them saturated in vegetable oil or other liquid.?
ate bad smelling turkey and threw up should i be worried ?
Does Coffee help with remembering things?
Why do apples make me feel nauseated?
How do I store cupcakes without ruining the frosting?
Can the worlds farms supply enough food to feed 6 billion people if we all go Vegan?
OK!!OK!!OK~~!! how much turkey or ham did you eat this special day?
Have you ever mixed beans with chocolate cake?
which is most alcoholic drink available in india?
So, tell me, tell me! What are you having for Xmas dinner? What about sweets/deserts? What about alcohol?
Which black tea tastes the best to you?
bone in rib roast how meney minuts to the pound do you cook it?
Pre-sliced fruit \use by\ date?
Whats your favourite type of soda?
Is it bad to just eat 2 giant meals a day?
The mixture of apple cider , ginger garlic n lemon juice when boilt changes to a dark colour ... is this ok?
How do I make a sauce from UNUSED marinade?
are you planning on having a special dessert today ....?
What is a good cornbread dressing recipe?
What British candy do americans like?
Non-alcoholic fosters?
How do you get red champagne stain out of white shoes ?
My black sambo recipe failed.. Problem?
Can I use Tequila in Flambe method in cooking?
Baking a pie in an oven with cast iron stove top pan?
How do I know when my ham is ready?
Cupcake frosting help?
Can I use tequila in Flabe?
i want to get a \squeezy freezy\ and i don't know where from?
help! just about to cook a capon but it has a green patch at the back. is this normal?
how long to does it take to cook a turkey crown 1kg?
How do i cook a 2.696kg turkey boned and rolled?
i got drunk 4 days ago and im still REALLY drowsy?
Do you clean the corn beef brisket before you boil it or can you cook it in its own juices along with the adde?
can you cook a corn beef brisket in its own juices along with the added water?
Do you clean the corn beef brisket before you boil it or can you cook it in its own juices along with the adde?
I'm 5'7 120 lb will 2 glasses of champagne get me drunk?
Can I safely freeze fruits for later consumption?
Did you have some delicious Tofurky® this Christmas?
The best way to make pastry?
How long after drinking would it be safe for me to drive?
I drank 2-3 alcoholic drinks nine hours ago, ate dinner and drank water, and just took a sleeping pill. Is?
Have no foil for my turkey joint, what can I use?
What are some high calorie foods that I am able to eat with my restrictions?
do you put alot of water on your turkey?
Why does my Chips Ahoy Chewy cookies have white crystal like things on them?
Cooking my Turkey Bacon or no bacon?
Ordering drinks at the bar?
Coca Cola is clear now? there was a rumor awhile back they were going to turn Coke into a clear soda.?
WHO in Phoenix wants to sell me 5# of hamburger today!!?
How much would Whiskey (40% alcohol) would I have to consume to get tipsy/drunk/buzzed?
which ego shisha pen clearomizer is best ce5+??? help!!!!!?
Receipe for chocolate modelling clay for cake decoration?
Quick! Could I have overcooked my cheesecake?
What is the best type of chew tobacoo whats the best Menthol cigarettes how far do you pack them and why do it?
when is a shank ham done?
Breakfast tips? i live alone and manage all by myself?
Does anyone know the recipe for noodles from Lin's Grand Buffet?
Are you meant to baste a goose?
Is this the most healthy breakfast known to humanity?
Do prefer cigarettes or chew? What kind do you like?
What's some light beer that a 15 year old boy would like?
How to stay awake without coffee or tea?
Would you want to eat the cakes on cake boss or are they just to amazing for you?
What to do with slimey baby carrots?
drinking beer after four months of jaundice?
how long can fresh chicken last in FREEZER?
Is there anyone else in the world eating mexican food for christmas day?
Can drinking Liquor make you go blind?
What to do with a raw pumpkin loaf.?
How to reduce cholestrol its 234?
Will I lose my Starbucks rewards on my account if I un-register the card that I used to get them?
can i defrost my turkey in a cooler?
Experienced cooks......I slow cooked a pork loin, today and accidentally left it on too long.?
should i be embarrassed ( coupon book) ?
Eating fresh fruits vs other sweets?
how much time to cook a 25lb. turkey, stuffed?
12431 rajdhaani express food menu and food timing?
What foods or substances can overwhelm the tastebuds for 1+ hour?
brand name of coffee?
Do I eat too much???
Baking a pie with graham cracker crust?
Is a blue dolphin pill ecstacy?
how long does it take for spaghetti to digest!?
is there such a thing as acid free coffee or not? does coffee always have acid and bitterness or?
What grocery stores are open Christmas Day?
Can Brie En Croute be made with pie crust?
I don't want to become a vegetarian but I have a lot of trouble digesting meat, help?
If you dont eat pork for a 1+ years, could eating it again make you sick?
How can i eat dinoswers?
Is escasty more or less dangerous than alochol?
Brewers Fayre Question?
between a cold brew coffee maker and the aeropress coffee maker, which one will yield not only richer?
How unhealthly is it to drink alochol every weekend?
Why do my chocolate crinkle recipes keep coming out dry? Tried two different recipes with same outcome.?
What Pizza Topping(s) do you only Like to on Pizza as a Pizza Topping?
HELP! where can I buy turnip on Christmas day (the 25th) in Toronto?
Eating fetish? Advice?
What's your favorite type of food?
I need to make 10 pancakes with one egg. Any recipies?
i love to drink a STRONG cup of joe every morning but the only problem is that i'm not sure what would?
Advice on becoming vegan?
Do I need to heat up crema mexicana?
15 and vodka...? High school party?
Can lemon juice ever go bad?
Will I get ID for cigarettes if I look 18? Ive been told I do a lot Im 16 by the way. Pic for reference.?
What type of bottle/container can I store Jack Daniels in?
should i eat expired nesquick powder?
if i place my teabag in cold water. Will i still get the same benefits from drinking it with hot water?
I don't like wine. Is there something wrong with me?
Liqour temporary \allergic\?
using salted instead of unsalted butter?
how long do you cook a fully cooked ham?
roasting half a turkey breast?
Can you re-melt peanut butter fudge?
Where can I buy culligan water?
how wide are opper pop popsicles?
How do you make spiders?
is tea which is really low in sugar regardless of whether it's already made in a bottle or powdered?
Ate some Chinese chicken that was pink inside?? Help?
Getting hookah pens?
Good Method to Get Drunk?
What happens if you freeze bananas without peeling them first?
I'm smoking a 10 pound prime rib roast, any suggestions on time and temp?
Eating raw ramen noodles?
where can i buy moonshine in Indiana?
Can black tea really make my skin dark?
Was my weed laced?!??!!?
How can I throw a fun seventeenth birthday party?
How to Fry a food without burning them?
Aloe Vera Jucie: After I opened it, its jelling up. Like lumps of jelly aloe in the drink now, why?
Can you marinate Cornish hens overnight?
Is it possible to make Red Wine Reduction Sauce from Red Wine Vinegarette?
Soda Problems, too addicted?
Dessert Bullet vs Yonanas, which is best?
master built smoker times for pork loin?
Why are Bertie Beetles always upside down in their packets?
warm pineapple soup vs cold pineapple soup?
Is vegetable oil and cooking oil the same?
smoking vs dipping tobacco?
Can melted butter substitute frosting to hold cake pops together?
Can i have wine tomorrow on Xmas?
True or False, Smores are yummy.?
do you think i could cook this without butter?
How long do you boil potatos for to make the perfect mashed potatoes?
Half baked a quiche when I realized I forgot to put in swiss cheese. How can I save it?
what liquors do I need to stock my sports bar?
What are Some southern snacks,your favorite?
How to make bread from scratch?
The pop-up in my roast is for what purpose?
Is it wrong to kill animas for pleasure?
help i need a flour sifter and and i dont have one!?
True or false. You dislike Onion Bagels?
1. What weird food combinations do you like to eat? 2. What food do you like to eat?
Trio of starters- will it work?
Whats better to use when cooking, Sea Salt or Kosher Salt?
What is your favorite kind of dessert or drink?
my dad thought he smelled smoke in my closet but i never smoked. help?
Does telling kids from the commercials eat fiber cereal is boring?
Truth Questions /Dare Questions?
can you use white sugar instead of brown sugar in a pineapple upside down cake?
Would a cop pull over Santa for DUI for smoking a joint and drinking while delievering presents?
Is this bad to eat trans fat once a year?
Which is better molly or weed?
Did you know that animals we kill are getting their revenge?
How much Smirnoff is normal to get drunk off of?
tamale dough is coming out hard?
How do I know when my brownies are ready?
I need help finding a german red wine online?
Baked potato soup in crockpot recipe?
Can i make pumpkin pie and then leave it in the fridge overnight?
I'm 14 years old am I allowed To drink WKD blue?
Should I drink a 24 year old champagne I just found in my house?
How to make cookies in a certain shape?
Why is Chinese Food joked about having Cat Meat or Dog Meat in it?
How do I take a liquor shot??!!!?
Don't you agree that Coca Cola is the best drink on earth?
How many grams of protein in ONE chicken FILLET?
can i sell this to a alchol comoany.?
what nutrients am i lacking?
A lemon cake recipe question. Why would it not say to add baking powder when it requires All purpose flour?
What's gone wrong with my Yule Log!?
How to make my Sleepover fun?
how do you cook a prime rib roast in the oven?
I'm disgusted of meat and I am freaking out about it!?
what's your favorite icecream & why?
Uhhh, is this normal?
HELP how do i make a bread bowl?
I have been given a bottle of Rondel Raymat cava without a date on it but it looks pretty old?
olive oil as a subsutute?
Vegan using non-vegan makeup?
How would a whole Vegemite chicken taste like?
how to make cheesecake?
have Turkey crown weighs?
Starbucks coffee non-dairy and no sugar drinks?
What goes well with clam chowder to compliment the meal?
What could be the causes of being a lightweight?
should a 2 crust apple pie be brushed with egg whites to make the top brown?
Is it weird to give frozen cookie dough as a gift?
Is This Tea Good For You? Healthy, Etc?
How much sugar should I put in my coffee?
Are there actually any alcholic receipes that can help with heartburn?
Dessert Bullet vs Yonanas, which is best?
Ruined Pumpkin bread, can someone help save it?
oven is broken, need to cook christmas dinner. alternative cooking methods. help?
How long do you boil crab legs if they are partially frozen?
Where can i find vegetable shortening?
What is the best meal to cook for the holidays?
Should I wash cinnamon sticks before use?
I am baking a perogie breakfast casserole tomorrow. How should I do this?
anyone know some good cocktails with these ingredients? :)?
In cherry pie, can I use almond slices in lieu of almond extract?
what energy drinks can I get with my EBT card?
Countries that sell Lucozade?
Christmas dinner with lamb and ideas please?
Smooth cool bliss vs fantasia ice mint hookah pen?
I need an idea for a dessert that compliments pasta but is not too sweet. Do you have any recommendations?
Do energy drinks speed up your metabolism?
Looking for a good spinach recipe?
How much are jelly beans at Fizziwig's candy factory?
How long will strawberries last outside?
how long does it take for half a J to get out of your system?
Eating Tuna then Cereal later?
WHAT ist das best pie for Xmas?
I'm making ham/pickle rollups and have no tooth picks. Any sugestions on something else to use?
Moreton Bay Bug/ slipper lobster?
using ralphs mesquite jerky seasoning do i need to use additional salt cure?
What is the definition of a light food?
Double green bean casserole?
Alternative to roast?
Is it selfish to be a vegan and take care of yourself?
Does a college bartender usually know how to make a flaming B-52?
what is the difference betweem foccacia and pizza dough?
Percentage of alcohol question...?
Onion and oatmeal stuffing, how do I make it?
Why has my meringue burn't so quickly?
Non-alcoholic cocktail for Christmas breakfast?
Easy to make sweet potato recipes?
Am I a caffeine addict?
Recipes with a pre-cooked pork shoulder?
A good cheap vodka bottle?
Would I Die If I Ate Pop-Tarts That Were Slightly Older Than a Decade?
are there non-pork gelatin products?
Where to buy low-cost gluten free meals?
The domestic fermentation consideration?
How many Oreos should you eat in a day?
Is there a substitue for Ham and using same type of glaze for cooking?
Drinking too much water in a day?
easy pumpkin recipes?
Could I use chicken broth instead of vegetable stock in butternut squash soup?
So what time should I make the green bean casserole on Christmas?
Did I marinade the beef correctly?
TURKEY HELP! Thawed but not opened…. How long can I keep it without using it?
What are the chances this is going to happened in shrimp with lobster sauce?
How to cook chicken healthy?
Frozen food out of fridge for two days, is it still edible?
How to take the bitter taste out of fresh cranberries?
Would putting store bought frosting in a pastry bag work for a gingerbread house?
i have 7.595 pound how long should i cook it?
Can i get some party tips?
Help! Ate raw shrimp?
Which fruit is always sad ?
Can you make cake mix and leave it overnight at the fridge will it still bake the following morning?
My fruit leather mixture is to watery?
Tips on slow cooking a 2 bird roast?
good mop sauce for bacon wrapped deer roast on the smoker?
Does the glaze on a Christmas ham just go on the skin or all over?
My Cookies Failed!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!?
Crock Pot Velveeta Nacho Cheese Dip Without Meat?
SOMEBODY MY POTATO IS IN NEED TO BE EATEN!?
Can I have one beer while taking Loxapine 5mg?
Why do blenders come in packaging with tape on it to seal it ?
If the milk expires tomorrow, and i bake something that needs milk today will it still be good to eat tomorrow?
what is on my potato? can i still cut the skin off cook it and eat it?
Can you help me with my custard?
seasoning a cooked turkey breast?
Help! Shaped sugar cookies getting too big! Need fast answer?
Why do I get sick after eating Chinese food?
do starbucks coffee pods only work in verismo coffee machines?
What are oil pastels?
I was thinking about becoming a vegan for New Years?
How much eggs should i add?
How much eggs should i add?
How long will egg whites keep in the fridge?
I want to buy a bottle of whisky from china. Will I to pay VAT and excise duty?
WHAT will you eat on xmas day ?
Name of some non veg dishes?
Name of some non veg dishes?
How many brands of Scotch whisky exist today?
Examples of smooth Whiskeys and bourbon and examples of cheap, crappy whiskey and bourbon?
what would you make if you had...?
how long to cook a 7kg 20 in a fan assisted oven?
what are the recipe for making a hot chocolate?
Why does it expire over and over again?
What is the best part of the cow and most expensive?
Is drinking by your self bad ?
im 19..Am i a alcoholic?
How to thaw/ defrost stuffing?
Why is Christmas dinner a roast chicken and sprouts and all that stuff?
I will say this again I drank?
Does drinking on an empty stomach get you buzzed fast?
I don't drink very often?
URGENT HELP PLEASE! How do you cook a roast rolled leg of pork.?
how heat biryani packed in a silver foil cover using only hoe/boiling water?
Give me some shops name who sells Boiled Sweets.?
how to bake choclate cookies please help?
Trying to cook some Asian noodles?
Trying to cook some Asian noodles?
Trying to cook some Asian noodles?
steve harvey monkey bread recipe on december 22, 2013 show?
Trifle: never made it but wonder if you can use whiskey instead of sherry?
Mineral watter before using boiling good or not?
what are your favorite hot teas?
How can you start a Sweet and Gift Shop?
What happens if I eat 12 eggs and a pound of bacon every morning?
Second Attempt at making a Cocktail. Help plz?
Why do people get so offended by humans being herbivores?
What is the difference between grill and grid?
will 300 ml of vodka get me drunk?
How to get really high off of weed?
why capacity of fridge is measure in litre?
What has caffeine to keep me awake other then energy drinks/coffee?
How can I get water temperature up to 300 degrees?
I swallowed a piece of gum, what do I do?
What is the weirdest pizza topping you have eaten or seen?
If it is cheaper to grow vegetables than raise livestock?
Can I add peppermint extract to this cheesecake Recipe?
what are the uses of seeds in guava?
How to proof that (A×B) ? (C×D) + (B×C) ? (A×D) + (C×A) ? (B×D) = 0?
What kind of container should my Dad microwave frozen burger patty, pasta in?
can you prepair tamales 1 day in advance?
Which is better: lasagna or macaroni and cheese?
Would it be ok to roast meat and veges in a pan lined with baking paper?
Only liquor that hasn't made me sick is Jamison Irish whiskey?
Whiskey with a nice smokey flavor to it?
Best tasting organic tea?
What are thr ingredients commonly mixed with mdma to make molly?
What's the best brand of meat grinder. Most durable, easiest to clean, etc.?
how do i make icing from icing mixture?
Should I stop putting cheese on my vegetables?
Do they scan IDs in restaurants in NYC?
what kind of icecream can/do you buy on a stick?
Game idea for Formal Dinner Party?
What to mix with hennesy?
when someone says eating flesh, does it make you think of eating just the top skin part?
Need to make my own Tea Blend?
What is your favorite mixed drink?
Recipes like Boston Market's sweet potato casserole?
What's your favourite flavour of icecream?
What makes a roast juicy and tender?
I ate a full meat pie and a half and now I feel sick is this normal?
Would you rather get a atomic wedgie or eat a moldy slice of pizza?
Eggs out of fridges for 2 days, are the still edible?
Is it weird to add cinnamon to cottage pie?
What are your Top five favorite Cereals?
What can I substitute for coconut oil?
Help! I thawed out my turkey with hot water?
Do you have to use Lube for a Non-Stick Frying Pan? If yes what Type of Lube?
how many ways to eat the potato?
Remove color from food writer markers?
Can't get drunk with 4 kidneys?
If i enjoy a cigar in moderation but not every day how harmful is that?
Seeking a specific Buche de Noel recipe.?
drinking soda while on medication?
How do you eat your papaya after you roast it in the oven?
How do you eat your papaya after you roast it in the oven?
How do you eat your papaya after you roast it in the oven?
Have you ever left the butter out of a pecan pie recipee and if so how were the results?
could i use cetrizine to make lean?
I spilled spiked cranberry juice on my money ):?
I'm stuck in a food limbo; switch from meat eater to vegan?
Where can I send a sample of my food for check ?
Can you just eat rice and beans?
What is the best cake mix for 2 tiers but comes in both chocolate and vanilla?
can you put sparkling sugar on fondant bows?
What is a common household item that is edible, sticky and flavorless aside from gum?
Pineapple healthy fruit or not?
Is Trader Joe's bacon from humanely raised pork?
What working in the produce of a large supermarket like?
How to get high for the first time?
Horse treat recipes with no carrots? Thanks!?
What's the point of artificial flavors?
marinade for bottom round roast?
I bought a can of Cuba Lima Monster and inside I tasted Coca-Cola instead?
how many mg of choline is in a scrambled egg?
Is tortellini still good after being frozen for two years?
receipe calls for phil cooking cream cheese but i want to use reg cream cheese how do i use this?
how much can i safely drink before I go to work in the morning?
What is the difference between dipping chocolate and chocolate ganache?
What is the difference between dipping chocolate and chocolate ganache?
Allergic to Chinese food?
What do I eat when I don't know what to eat?
What is the best coffee you've ever had?
Does jams drug test $9 test test for alcohol or just drugs the breathalyzer is apart of that $9?
Ideas for renfaire themed party?
Make a recipe out of these ingredients?
Does Allspice contain nuts?
You have heard adding pineapple juice?
Is ground black or white pepper good for you?
How can fix a partially dried out (raw)egg roll wrapper?
Anyone know of a good restaurant for a vegetarian in Mesa?
Is vinegar good for you?
Is this simmered covered or uncovered?
Any simple recipe for campbell's cream of potato (condensed soup)?
Best cocktail recipe?
making Christmas ale taste better?
can bars the drug kill you?
I accidently ate some moldy bread?
How long do I cook an 11lb arm shoulder roast (with bone in) in a crock pot?
Why do most fellow vegans hate it when I say I'm a vegan who doesn't kill plants (or tries not to)?
Question about drinking?
what is pudding made out of?
what's the best way to fix a broken coffee mug?
Are there certain fruits you can't use in panna cotta?
What is the Difference between a 'Steak and Cheese Sub' and a 'Cheese Steak Sandwich'?
Can you get botulism from a dented soda can?
Hi, I'm looking for vegan methods of birth control. Is the pure copper IUD tested on animals?
Can I reuse parchment paper? Even if there's stains on it?
Could I use a cookie mix to make dough?
Do Marron taste like Yabby?
how much red meat should an adult eat ?
the physician orders an IV infusion of D5W 1000 ml to infuse over the next 8 hours. the IV tubing that you are?
Should I create a cooking show?
First Christmas duck how to?
im addicted to drinking chicken broth???? ( INCLUDING SALT)?
Have you ever seen an happy cow walk into a slaughterhouse?
Could someone please give me the ingredients for Malfoof?
Subsitute of Cardamon in Panna Cotta?
Help!!!! Benadryl and alcohol!!!!!!?
What is the approximate ratio of sugar, fat, milk and mint in mint chips (baking morsels)?
I WANT THE RECEIPES FROM TODAYS SHOW. GARLIC BUTTER ON BEEF ROAST?
When you Re-Heat left over Pizza do you use a Microwave or Oven to re-heat left over Pizza?
i put a frozen turkey in the fridge.it has started to thaw a bit.but can i put it in the freezer again?
Does the mailman make me sign if I bought a hookah pen off hookah shisha?
Is it possible to over-use the effects of caffeine?
How to make big cake pops? Please help (10 points)?
Why do alcoholic individuals tend to refuse help?
what is the best way to cook lamb in the microwave?
I am making half-sized scones. How will the baking time be affected by this?
How much imitation brandy + water is equivalent to brandy?
Does anyone have the recipe for Hershey Kiss cookies WITHOUT peanut butter? The recipe has no nuts whatsoever?
Am I still drunk from last night?
Why would someone Add a little Salt to their Beer?
What Meat(s) Tastes Best with Maple Syrup on it or combined with it?
cake frosting without powdered sugar/any other suger but granulated and without vanilla extract?
Is it a good or bad idea to add butter to this recipe?
What Food(s) do you like to Cook but Don't like to Eat?
What is the cause of alcoholism?
What is the cause of alcoholism?
How long does unopened absinthe keep?
Is coffee good for you?
Cheese lovers, please help me out?
As humans are animals why do we think we are higher and mightier than others?
I can't smell or taste rhubarb. Any ideas?
Is ground beef considered red meat?
Does every Starbucks barista know the \secret menu\?
Teenagers drinking coffee?
The deli by my job just sold me an expired cup o noodles?
Coke or Pepsi ???????????
I'm struggling to go vegan?
Why do people eat for fun?
Would this be considered vegan?
Visiting japan what candy would you buy first?
How in America do they eat Pop Tarts?
How many entree you should serve?
Can I substitute a pressure cooker with an regular pot?
How many calories should a 12 year old girl eat a day?
can nutmeg make you high?
Favorite japanese candy?
What do you like eating as a snack ?
can i pickle fresh garlic by just putting it into cider viniger?
Did I boil the chicken long enough ?
where can i buy alcohol at online?
Can I use EBT to buy 5-gallon jugs of bottled water?
Why do meat eaters compare animals with plants?
Mango float with dried mangoes?
Any tips on getting vegetables out of a steamer basket?
How to describe beer ?
what to do when you add too much salt to a receipe?
is iodized salt and table salt the same thing?
Which is better... Clark Bar or Butterfinger?
What's your favorite chocolate bar?
What is your favorite fruit to eat?
HELP !! roasting chicken and beef simultaniously?
Grape benefits seeds or seedless?
How do you reheat a spiral ham in a crock pot?
Vegetarian stores in Bonita Springs, Florida?
Vegetarian stores in Bonita Springs, Florida?
Is mcdonalds open xmas day uk?
Cask and Cream Chocolate Temptatoion and Michael's Celtic Irish Cream.?
A question for vegetarians?
is the coke rewards offer ending this year?
In Pokemon Crystal, how do I get past the guy selling rare candy bars?
Gold and green different starbucks rewards?
What does \ I omitted about 1/8 cup from the full 4 cups\ mean?
Still healthy yet effective tea tox?
How do I make my frosting look draped on my cake?
Help naming a food blog please!?
Cake mix cookies, do I use 1/2 cup or 1/3 cup of oil?
Is it unhealthy to eat ramen noodles each day?
Recipe for peppermint cheesecake?
If 1-3/4 cup powdered sugar =1cup granulated sugar, how much granulated would i need for 3/4 cup powdered?
How to make caramels not stick to the pan?
Who hid my hangovers?
The BEST Russian Tea Cakes recipe?
What is a good temperature for storing a soft cheese?
Sugar cookie dough too sticky?
does anyone love the taste of apple seeds ?
Anyone use Baker's Corner (carried by Aldi) light corn syrup instead of Karo in a pecan pie recipe?
Help filling in the blank? \Dive bars are for you if....\_______?
What's your favourite Christmas tipple...?
Bakers/chefs, can you please help (with bread baking)?
Are there any specialty asian stores in Sioux Falls S.D.?
The bad reasons for drinking?
I'm craving MEAT LOAF for supper, tonight. Without dry ing's, what can be my roasting-options?
HELP WITH SLOW COOKER?
What beer is most similar to Belhaven Best? (not including Caledonia Best/Smooth)?
Could i live off meat, eggs and dairy alone?
Vegans have you ever refused to serve a customer animal produce?
My tomato pesto is too tomatoey. What can I do to cut the sweet tomato flavor and turn it more savory?
Energy Drink Bad Reaction!!!!!!?
My grandma bought me a leather purse..?
Where does the food go on FOOD NETWORK?
which is better for you?
Is Dima Bilan (Russian Singer) a Vegetarian or Vegan?
Can you mx baileys with red bull? if so how?
Why do people act like red meat is junk food?
What beer should I buy?
Leg of lamb recipe?! Desperate!?
What goes with aged English cheddar?
can i take pasta, sauce, cereal in my checked baggage?
I'm hungry but I just don't want to eat?
It was only one minature and lots of water Sunday. Should be ok even w an Etg right?
How can I fry ham(cooking question)?
Spare ribs cooked in an oven time?
I need help naming an indian food?
Anyone uses a meat grinder as a substitute potato ricer?
Would this be an okay sounding smoothie?
How do I gain a muffin top?
Low cab vegan protein sources?
Can someone who drank a minature of whiskey that was 99 proof on Saturday morning pass an Etg on Monday 48 hou?
Vegans and/or vegetarians - what was the main factor in your choice?
which would you make ahead of time?
how much is too much vitamin D ?
Hard boiled eggs how to make peel easier?
Chips/fries - with mayo or ketchup?
vegan eating meat again?
What is chocolate chips?
I have (3) 3# boneless chuck roasts (9# total). How long, stacked, will it take to cook on low in crock pot?
I think it's time for a vodka and lemonade. Care to join me?
Did I ruin the milk!!!!!?
Best video site/chef to follow to learn cooking ?
How would I alter this recipe to make the insides chocolate instead of peanut butter?
What's the difference between value bread and regular bread at Kroger?
How does one eat a pancake without getting Maple syrup on their buns?
Is it just me or does everything taste better with ketchup?
I drank 3 beers thursday will i pass a etg test on monday?
Gluten intolerance in an adult?
when are shrooms in season?
Cream cheese frosting is too thin?
How important are anchovies in a Caesar Salad?
How do you know if you've been spiked?
kosher gluten free anniversary dinner for parents?
what type of icing should I use on a gingerbread house?
Any one know a good recipe for spaghetti and meatballs?
I really like panang curry, what other types of curry should I try?
Should I apply at Starbuck if I don't like coffee?
Tamil cuisine served on Banana Leaf.Since when people have been using banana leaf as plate?
How to disassemble the Cuisinart Handy Prep 3-Cup Food Processor?
I'm thinking about becoming bullemic?
What kind of booze is commonly used in egg nog?
Advice on thawing pork roast please?
drinks for the holidays?
cookie dough mix help!?
Simple beef dish without using an oven?
What are some French recipes I should make for le réveillon (French Christmas dinner)?
what is the easiest way to memorize a restaurant menu?
I need to buy flying fish and conch but from where?
Will a turkey defrost in this certain situation?
what best way to cook a goose crown and what gas mark?
How many tablespoons are in one ounce of bakers unsweetened chocolate?
will u pl tell which OIL is used to deep fry kurkure?
How long should I leave in the oven?
Is it okay to eat chili for breakfast?
My ice cubes taste very salty. what could be causing the problem.?
what is hooter in instrumentaion?
Where to sell liquor or wine online?
if i drank last wednesday, is the alcohol still in my system?
Punch/cocktail jug Flavours !?
How do you cook a small chicken in a slow cooker?
What is the easy way to increase height?
why do people do this it makes me sad?
i eat the complete breakfast then in luch i dont eat alot and in dinner i dont eat it will make me skinny?
Do farmers save seeds to regrow vegetables?
i eat the complete breakfast then in luch i dont eat alot and in dinner i dont eat it will make me skinny?
More nutritious than cow's milk?
Anyone enjoy drinking on a empty stomach?
I am looking for a good atta biscuit indian style receipe?
can anyone help me with a nice and perfect eggless sponge cake like professional bakery ones?
Does sea salt dry out the skin?
What is your favourite food to eat!?
How to make a decent gravy without Bisto?
freezing foods mostly meat products?
is a 15 lb. turkey frozen 1 year still ok to eat?
Was the orange named because of the color or was the color named because of the fruit?
How many can you buy at SAMs since they have things in bulk? And how much do they cost?
Does the Keurig Elite K40 make cappuccinos and lattes?
what should i cook for my asian inlaws?
Is 11 too young to drink coffee?
has anyone every heard of eggnog candy canes?
About beer and brandy?
Are meat grinders hard to clean? Can they grind other stuff than just meat?
What's your favorite food?
Has anyone tryed the Yoplait smoothies before?
how to determine the quality of jasmine pearl green tea?
what are the dimensions of mentos packet ?
What do you wish you had for breakfast right now?
Sents me a food items that i'll eat to grow taller?
what do busser/dishwashers do at cracker barrel?
Are bread recipes and dinner roll recipes the same thing?
How many candles will be on your next birthday cake?
what can i mix with smirnoff double black?
tomato paste brix conversion?
Xmas vote? what pies do u like the most?
5ltr Mini Beer Kegs? Where to buy in the UK?
where can i buy jones soft drinks in or around glasgow ayrshire or lanarkshire within the next day or so pleas?
Can you possibly use asian redbull (thai ones) or sting energy drinks (vietnamese ones) to make jager bombs?
How long can muffins dough last in fridge?
unsealed turkey safe after 3 days in fridge?
Is eating one raw egg a day safe?
Which blue cheese do you prefer?
Is this a good meal? (Lunch/ Dinner)?
Large Turkey Crown...Now i'm going to be cooking xmas dinner for 4.0pm xmas day. When should i get it out?
what kind of egg do they use at ramen restaurants?
undercooked egg and pastry ok to eat?
Am studying in engg collage.i want to do evening part time in any café shops around iyyapanthangal?
What are your top 5 favorite things to eat for Dinner?
Why do people drink alcohol?
does constant marijuana smoking increase positive energy's of spirits around you?
Hi Everyone! I need some good Traditional Christmas Desserts?
What are some actual real reasons to NOT be a vegetarian/vegan?
lemon, ginger, garlic juices and apple cider vinegar all when boiled together changes the color to green,ok?
How to improve this cocktail?
how do I cook eggplant?
where can i find dealers of sizzling ready to cook meat products such as tenderloin, sisig, and etc.?
why do some people looking forward to the weekend for the sole purpose of being drunk?
Do you think if I cook 2 things in the oven at the same time it will cook properly?
which is the good calcium food?
How to make Coca Cola?
Bottle of water salty cap?
What happened to melon flavored Hi Chew candies?
which type of benefits for eating paneer?
Can you give me some simple chicken Marsala recipes?
What happens if I don't drink water?
how to make ghee in essly in winter season?
How to make chex mix/trash/puppy chow sweeter!? 10 pts best answer?
I want to become a vegetarian. Can someone give me all the information on it?
Is drinking to much Coke and not enough water the problem?
what else to serve with salsa scalloped potatoes?
How much calea zacatechichi do i need for tea?
How long can you get chicken to last?
When pie filling says it serves 8 will this be enough to fill 10 mini cookie cups?
How to make a passionfruit sauce?
Is it ok to eat palm oil products?
Has anyone ever eaten a leg of lamb they've had frozen for 7 years?
Where can get Tintilia wine in Spring Hill, FL?
What kind of Alcoholic drinks would I like?
Is it possible to make a recipe \just the way that (deceased) used to make it\?
Is this normal...I'm boiling brussel sprouts and they smell like poop, have they gone bad?
why cigarettes over mariguana? why?
Can someone send me an invite to graze.com?
Where in L.A do they sell Jennie Rivera tequila ?
This recipe sounds healthy, right?
dark brown vs. golden brown sugar?
Can someone send me an invite to graze.com?
Can monster energy drink stun growth ?
why do i seem to always get cold symptoms..when ever i over drink alcohol?
why do i feel hngery but can,t bring myself to eat?
will one shot of alcohol calm my nerves?
do you cook with cups or measures?
How to make tan macarons? (With food coloring)?
How many hot dogs can you eat in one sitting & what do you put on them?
How many liters should one drink per day?
Can I put white distilled vinegar on your salad? Will I die?:(?
What does eggnog taste like?
what do i need to make shrimp fettucine?
What's your favorite pizza crust recipe?
Can you please help me make recipe ratios 3:1?
How long can fried fish keep?
is cabbage with hoisin sauce a healthy meal for weight loss?
Which is better for cooking: traditional, gas or induction?
I'm struggling to eat meat!?
How many shots of vodka to get somewhat tipsy?
What was your beginning vegan experience?
Which party should I pick?
i have drank 2 litres of milk from the carton today and im full of smelly gas and bloated?
what is the best process for smoking a venison roast?
I have a question about liquor and types of brands?
how do i freeze freshly squeezed grapefruit juice?
Spare Ribs or Baby Back?
What Colombian cinnamon dessert can it be?
3 hours till boss arrives. had a few drinks....how do I hide the smell?
Quick (somewhat health) lunch ideas for children?
How to Put on Wine Stoppers?
Why do my M&M's have W's on them?
who likes egg flower soup?
can i make a homemade cake with any of these ingredients: milk,sugar,brown sugar,eggs, or butter?
Should I be raw vegan?
Need some help for an cool sounding name for a Food truck?
Healthy breakfast for 14 year old?
Would an Asian spring onion & ginger sauce be good for a potato salad?
will 4 cups of red wine get me drunk? urgent!?
Hi, I'm posting this question again because it's seems the first time I did it didn't work..?
I need alcohol now!!!?
Why am I hungry but can't bring myself to eat?
Any substitutes for vegetable oil?
what happened to ben and jerry's chocolate ice cream?
Will one glass of wine get me drunk? Urgent!?
Where can I find Hiram Walkers Deluxe Bourbon.?
How many boxes of brownies will it take...?
Good beer repices? Home brewing legality?
More caffeine in the tea at the bottom of the cup?
Is eating a packet of brown gravy by itself bad for you?
Where can I resupply my maple syrup?
Clearest kind of tea?
I'm thinking about becoming a vegetarian ?
I can handle my drink really well? is it genetics?
Cooking questions-re: Hershey's Cocoa Mix?
where can i buy tamarillos in salt lake city??? 10 points for just an answers?
is raw tea more nutritious than it being hot?
Sweet 16 party themes.HELP!!!?
What did you eat today?
budget friendly foods for toddler bday party?
The cookies a church member gave me taste bad dunked in milk?
Where can I purchase egg custard pies?
Survey !! Frozen yogurt vs Ice cream!?
Can I replace butter with oil for brushing biscuits?
any reciep for peach flavored shine?
what is consider alcohol abuse?
Does Red Bull Contain Bull Semen?
how much alcohol will get me tipsy?
Is anyone familiar with KONG YEN BLACK VINEGAR? If so, how is it used?
If the seeds inside an eggplant are dark, is it spoiled?
how do i make alcohol taste good?
is there a formula to calculate how much?
What are some good foods you will be having/cooking on Christmas Day?
Will i get drunk off of a quarter of a mickey?
Are kurdish and baloch people from the same root?
how many candy canes can the average human male consume without vomiting?
Where can I buy vodka?
what one taste better?
I know alcohol thins blood, so what alcohol can you drink to get drunk but keep your blood pretty thick?
I need some ideas for something! 10 POINTS TO THE BEST ANSWER!?
How often do you drink alone?
Is there any way to salvage a wet potato?
how can I fix my jello shots if I forgot to add the liqour?
how can I fix my jello shots if I forgot to add the liqour?
I accidentally drank a sip of Vodka... Help?
Who makes Whole Foods \365\ brand Organic Unbleached All-Purpose Flour?
I have started drinking alcohol that I like but I want to stop?
Would a vegetarian guy date an omnivore girl?
The recipe says to use sour cream but I only have double cream or regular cream could I use them instead?
What's the latest time of day you should eat?
How come \Hot and Cold\ by Katy Perry didn't make the top 100 of Z100?
does anyone have a recipe for Olive Graden's Shrimp Fritta appetizer?
clam chowder tastes like flour... remedy?
What is granulated sugar?
What is eating my grease container?
Raw Vegans, can you help me explain this?
I'm a Vegan overeating, what can I do?
does honey expire or not?
What Do You Like Better w/ Your Hot Dog, Ketchup or Mustard?
how to make a whipped cream topping last?
What Meal do you Eat the Majority of the Bacon that you Eat for Breakfast or Non Breakfast Meals?
Should I stop drinking coffee? (Please answer)?
should you eat the mushroom the monkeys have been eating or will your villagers get sick?
question about baking, answer ASAP please?
I have a jar of roasted red peppers which have developed bubbles on the surface. Does this mean they are bad?
Anybody have any ideas for non-alcoholic drinks for Christmas?
How do you open a large bottle cap?
How do I learn to like alcohol?
recipe - parchment needed?
Can you buy pods with food stamps?
What Food(s) do you like to be very Salty tasting?
Can you add spices or wine to a steamer to give better flavors to the food that's being steamed?
How to make the BEST macaroni and CHEEZE?
How drunk will I get .?
How do you open/close a flask?
wil my gallium melt if i take it out the fridge?
What would happen if I ate an egg?
will white chocolate reset after adding vegetable oil?
are york peppermints & pretzels a healthy snack?
What's wrong with my cookie recipe?
The recipe for red velvet chocolate milk?
Food: Do any of you know of a breakfast cereal which does not have added sugar, vitamins and iron?
Dune-\featherbones\ I do know what they are I am from the Midwest?
about how much is 13 ounces?
Cinnabon Caramel Pecanbon Recipe ?
what to do with avacado?
i would like to start a recipe website ,where can i get recipes?
I hate milk and sink water?
Can i use Edible Decorating Dough as a substitution for Fondant?
How can I decorate jam jars to make nice candle holders?
how likely would i be to become a bartender if i took mixology classes?
How much is half a cup of butter in grams?
What is Tea? (does tea need to have tea leaves?)?
What is the best kind of steak you can ever have?
Hookah pen tank? Charger?
I'm planning a dance?
did anyone try those watermelon oreos when they were still available?
Is Beer Good If Sealed and Sitting for a while?
Can I have hot sauce on the cabbage soup diet?
what does quinoa taste like?
Party planning help!!! (18th)?
really fast and easy christmas cookies/food?
What are some nice Eastern European dishes?
If you are a wine drinker, would you like this as a Christmas gift?
how do you cook barbecued featherbones?
can we take a rice cooker to australia?
Reheating shepherds pie?
Will I fail an ETG test if I made out with a girl who had been drinking?
Why did my cookies spread in the oven so much?
How to make floppy toast? PLEASE ANSWER F YOU KNOW REALLY WANT TO MAKE IT?
if i took equate nite time will i pass a etg alcohol test the next day?
Where is the Twelve Drinks of Christmas filmed?
When is a good time to sent invites for a Super Bowl Party Febuary 2nd?
What can I substitute for baking powder?
Can I freeze the turkey that I purchase?
Smirnoff Vodka raspberry. How much can I drink?
are oreos really more addictive than drugs?
How can I replicate this pasta dish in a healthy way? Picture included?
Are headaches common after your first cigar?
What should i do . Can somebody help me?
Getting kicked out of a pub?
Is there is problem if you have ghee after honey?
What happend if someone drink milk with ghee after one hour having honey?
What are some Italian Pescetarian/Vegetarian dishes?
What are some dishes to try?
are fresh dates dry or juicy?
how many beers are equivalent to one four loko?
how many beers are equivalent to one four loko?
I have 2 frozen turkey breasts in bags and a 10 lb spiral cut ham ham - can I cook in oven at same time?
Chocolate or kebab only one can be chosen please which one do you like? Mine is kebab yum?
So I've recently learned that I've been living in chocolate ingnorance?
Why do marshmallows melt instead of brown on top of a sweet potato casserole?
Can I spread Royal Icing with a knife?
What's the alcohol percentage in Chateau Julien Chardonnay?
will this combo do? trying to cook with what i have in the house?
What deli ham has an orange color to it?
Adding red food coloring to yellow cake mix.?
can I pickle bratwurst sausages?
if a recipe calls for dried cherries?
What can i eat with chocolate ice cream ?
what cereal should I get?
How long can a frozen turkey be good for?
Is it normal to have a craving for meat every day?
Hottest cheese dip sold in stores?
Is my apple cider safe to drink?
iam dibetic can i drink port?
Favorite judge on the Food Network's 'Chopped'?
Difference between black currants and blueberries in baking?
The effects of getting drunk while sick?
christmas cake help!?
How many carbs is too many carbs?
What are YOUR vegan essentials?
Can I swap blackcurrants for blueberries in a pie recipe?
Ate old cooking spray?
sterilizing problem-help!?
What wines should I bring to Christmas dinner?
Mayonnaise in chocolate cake?
How to get jelly out of marmalade?
Do you know that average soviet citizen never ate a chocolate?
How can someone be a vegetarian?
Peeler or knife for peeling potatoes?
I would like anyone be my partner for the new year eve party in Hyderabad....I am 23 male and slim guy?
Animal rights: Do you think it would be right to stop non-human OMNIvores from killing animals for food?
McVities Jaffa Cakes vs. Sondey's Jaffa Cakes - difference?
Is Pepsi a healthier decision than Coke?
How long does it take for a bottle of wine to freeze?
What's your favorite wine?
Is it okay to drink hot lamb fat?
each time my mam melts chocolate.?
Cool ways to have alc at a house party?
What vegetable would go well in my potato gnocchi concoction?
I cant stop eating gravy granaules, help!?
im 15 and peed the bed for the 1st time i drank alot but i always drink alot..why?
Isn't people living in Cold regions can't survive without Drinking Alcohol and smoking Cigarettes?
Which country has the best vegetarian food?
Whole mackrels caught/frozen Nov 2013,use by date May 2015,ok to eat if they've been defrosted for 48 hrs?
making peanut butter fudge?
Why is eating meat unhealthy?
Who has tried lamb head and liked it?
Can you recommend any good website about healthy nutrition plans?
How long does a 3.5-4kg turkey crown take to defrost?
A cooking pan question? Anyone here like to cook a lot?
What's on your ideal hot dog?
how many jelly beans?
Can we make pancakes using margarine?
How do I get red fondant?
What would happen if you put milk in a humidifier?
where can i watch frozen?
What's a packaged food that you used to like, but it no longer is made?
Beef in slow cooker overnight?
How do people smoke a cigarette while its in their mouth?
What should I bring to a potluck tomorrow?
Is it conceivable that there any vegetarian fans of Duck Dynasty?
chocolate mousse hasnt se, should I freeze it?!?
What are some Lean proteins and high-fiber carbohydrates foods?
The potatoes I bought have been sprouting all over. Are they still okay?
Is indian bajjis are junk foods?
how long till alcohol not show on a piss test?
Any tips for easy and healthy dinners in the wintertime?
today is one of chinese festival days which I called eating sheep.?
What would it change to?
Why are tweakers so skandulas?
why does my throat gets a weird feeling when i drink beer?
why are they called English cucumbers when they are grown in Mexico?
Marlboro Red Label vs Camel Unfiltered?
How long does it take 80 proof vodka to kick in?
Boyfriend just became a part time bartender? I am uncomfortable...?
How do I know if the fudge I made is not crystallized? How do I know I made it right?
i need help making myself throw up?
Could I import 'Stump Remover'?
Im having an I'm a Celebraty get me out of here party and I need some help?
vape pen (white rhino trifecta) question?
Alcohol advice? ....?
Words on a Pie Crust?
Can you function as a regular meth user?
Do sugar cookies go bad?
what are your favourite things to eat and drink when you are sick?
what are your favourite things to eat and drink when you are sick?
someone tell me if this is a good jungle juice recipe?
What the best coffee machine to have at home?
Safe to drink Starbucks Frappaccino after expiration?
is \fish cocktail\ fish covered with flour?
What ingredients and how much do I need to make potato salad for 10 people? Method and ingredients? Please?
Working at Sonic Drive-In?
Can I buy cooking ingredients with food stamps?
I could use some help with a recipe conversion. I need converting weights into measuring spoons?
is pink chicken kebab meat safe?
so what is the difference between hookah pens?
pudding in the early morning?
What are some good teas for relaxation or just good tea in general?
Will I break out from eating chocolate?
How to be able to drink again?
What's a good way to learn to cook?
Why do marlboro's make me more light headed then camels?
are coffee shops allowed to kick you out if you dont buy anything?
can i use aluminium kebab stand in my oven?
help! i got a 5 pound chicken recently and dont know how to cook it?
Party help...Food& Refreshments?
i have a fresh duck that i have removed the breasts for duck prosiutto.how do i render the carcass for duck fa?
I need an equivalent to Kraft Macaroni & Cheese Cheese Topping!?
which is best water purifier for home?
Why don't I like meat anymore?
Do they eat green beans in Mexico?
where should my 20th birthday party be?
Is Neuro bliss supposed to be sealed?
cinnamon buns looking ready but the recipe calls for another 10 mins!?
What is your favorite kind of fudge to eat?
By whipping eggs, does the emulsification of the egg make it easier to digest?
Why do people make a weird face when they drink hard alcohol?
Hangover? Not sure what to do.?
does frozen spinach hold any nutrional value at all?
Are omlette a bad for you!!?
Party atmosphere- how to improve?
How do I convert these measurements for this recipe.?
Can you put alcohol in hot chocolate?
How to have an awesome atmosphere at a 21st?
I'm 15 and I took a swig of rum, and it burns!?
How do you get stars from Starbucks for the rewards program?
Ketchup or mustard????
Can I use bitter sweet chocolate instead of semi sweet chocolate in my truffles?
WHO TOOK THE COOKIES FROM THE COOKIE JAR?
What are some kitchen appliances needed for a vegan diet?
How do I help my boyfriend I'm worried?
do you like matcha? i'm a japanese?
What do vegetarians have for the centre piece for Christmas lunch instead of a chook or turkey?
Can I get drunk off of .8% of alcohol?
What are the benefits of spinach?
has anyone tried season brand anchovies?
egyptian recipe please?
Quick and easy holiday recipes?
Can I use heavy whipping cream instead of heavy cream for making chocolate truffles?
Kingfisher beer is improve a body?
how do to flavour coffee?
Have you ever tried White Stilton with Apricots or Wensleydale with Cranberries (cheese)?
Where can I find a ham like this?
Is spinach food indigestible?
What is Saffron like?
Will I get tested for alcohol?
Why to do outside at night?
Pasta side to go with ham?
How do you firm up a bowl of pistachio salad? made a batch, but its still soupy after eight hours.?
Is it okay to eat food past the \Best before\ date?
How to make cannabutter & brownies?
Does anyone else find that Subway's hot peppers burn their butt hole or is it just me?
can you make beef wellington with rib eye roast?
Will I get alcohol tested?
Starbucks secret menu??!?
How drunk will two Bud Light Strawberitas get me?
Cookies & Cream Ice cream? Peach Pie? Or Pineapple Cake for Dessert?
Italian Sausage? Greek Salad? Or Grilled Chicken for Dinner?
Is there a website like this? For cooking?
Black Velvet Toasted Carmel?
How can avoid eating to many carbs??????
What is the minimum caloric intake for an adult male?
Sites similar to My Coke Rewards?
I'm almost 16 and I drink with my older brother who is 21.?
How does non-alcoholic eggnog Taste like?
Did I eat too much today?
Does anyone know where to get a fitzgerald wine glass at?
Dairy and fish????????
Should coarse salt be used to treat meat chops before cooking?
Hello, I recently purchased lucifer beer at a local store, when I got home I realized there was a date on it t?
I made royal frosting with egg whites from the refrigerated section at the store. It tasted funny. Any ideas?
what would happen if you used epsom salt for the salt and ice challenge?
Why are cucumbers always sold wrapped in plastic?
Favorite entrees, snacks or appetizers featuring eggs?
Does Fireball cinnamon whiskey contain any dairy derivatives, or is it vegan?
What types of non tomato Ketchup have you Tried?
Is sliced turkey and chicken bad for you?
How often is it okay to eat processed meat?
Why does my green tea taste so good?
how to cook pumpkin roll with pre mixed pumpkin pie filling?
On NPR they used to tell of a recipe for cranberry sause,it had onion and horse-radish in it. Does?
Where can I rent a house to throw a party in NYC?
Can you bake a cranberry pie? will it be good?
How would you rate this breakfast?
When do regular foodstamps roll in after expedited food stamps? How many days does it take?
I am trying to make my own crushed habanero red pepper flakes. About how much will a pound of habaneros yield?
Different types of cookies to make with pre made chocolate chip cookie dough?
Excuse me for asking this...?
Where do you buy your Prime Rib Roast?
Has anyone put mayonnaise in their mash pototoes? and if so what kind is best?
What Food(s) are Best served with Gravy?
Do you eat the skin of the Papaya after you roast it in the oven?
What should I eat for dinner tonight?
When baking, do you prefer regular flour or whole-wheat flour?
How to know if a Burger is made of Cow or Pig meat?
When you're out of butter, but a recipe calls for it, do you use a substitute or go buy it?
What is your Favorite that is served with Gravy ?
How does the Starbuck green tea latte taste like?
Good Whiskey for gift?
How much is a carton of Marlboro in Missouri?
i need a cupcake recipe with no sugar or butter or eggs HELP FAST!!!!?
Vegetarian or what!!!!!!!?
my cake recipe calls for regular flour, soda, baking powder , , etc. I only have self-rising . what to delet?
Does anybody know a good recipe for apple pie?
What is the equivalent in cups for 500g dry fruits?
How to cook beef thin steak strips on a pan?
Does a frozen daiquiri pack have to be in the freezer for 8 hours?
How do you make homemade wine less sweet or more bitter?
uncle ben's mystery rice?
Black Velvet Toasted Carmel?
Can vegetarians eat the same portion sizes as meat eaters or do we have to eat more?
If I leave Champagne in the freezer will it spoil the taste?
What size crock pot to use for a 8 lb. turkey breast?
To make plain chinese steamed buns, do I specifically need a Bamboo steamer?
Am I accidentally starving myself?
Can you get in trouble for blurred out beer cans?
i made a red gravy and cooked meatballs in it then used it for cooking more meat a week a go and had it in the?
Do you think I ate too much?
Can I make spiced apple cider in crock pot ahead of time?
Vegetarian Christmas dinner ideas?
is there a difference between sherry and creme sherry?
What kind of espresso to buy?
I just drunk a Starbucks Mocha Frappuccino. Is 45g of sugar a lot for a teen girl?
does johnny pizza sell any types of pasta ?!?
How long will my home made soup last?
How long is a pot of coffee really good for?
Anyone Know Some Easy Fudge Recipes?
How did I not get sick from these?
Question about baking cookies?
Do I drink to much alcohol?
How often do you drink alcahol?
How many beers does it take you to get drunk over a long period? Say 9-10 hours?
how can i make a starbucks green tea frap at home?
What's your favorite supplement? Biotin, B complex, opinions!?
Is it okay to eat the stems, leaves, seeds, etc.. ?
If there is icrease of water in the pod?
eating raw cookie dough?
What's the difference between Equal and Splenda?
Why does the fridge have a light but not the freezer?
Cute candy sayings for Kit Kat bars and Rolos?
Is it safe to eat this?
I am worried about my things if i had a party?
anybody put beans and lentils into their nutri bullet blasts?
Where can I buy everclear grain alcohol?
What Food(s) would you Never Buy when Sold as STREET FOOD?
how do you say its my birthday the wine is free in Italian?
Which is the best, hot or cold water?
Using extra eggs in cake mix?
How long can I keep coffee in the fridge?
The bottom crust of my apple pies are doughy while the top is perfectly golden and flakey. How do I rectify?
what other food do cherry go well with?
A quart of barbecue will feed how many people?
why cake batter split?
Should I boil apples before baking them for an apple pie?
If I like tuna, would I probably like sardines?
What are the dietary advantages of eating nothing but Christmas cookies for a week straight?
Chicken Dinner tonight. I have a rather large skin on and....?
How to make cranberry sauce from a can?
Is it possible to bake kiwis?
Can you make a good cup of tea with a teabag? Mine always?
is it wrong to rsvp late?
What type of sause or dressing would go best with this meal?
How much is 3 tbsp of All Purpose Flour in grams?
Drugs: how much is an ounce of weed in england????
How do we eat Nestle KokoKrunch?
i just wann get some details regarding, making fruit salad what are things needed for it?
Do you observe that asian guys and girls in their twenties or early thirties, seem to talk loud in?
What is the difference between \jam\ and \preserves\?
Is there any special chinese dish to eat today, the first day of winter?
what white wine do you recommend for a anniversary date?
Is it okay to give a 2 year old, Gatorade for a daily drink? Why or why not?
Is it okay to give a 2 year old, Gatorade for a daily drink? Why or why not?
Grocery! not finding?
How to make cappuccino without coffee machine?
Cheap vegetarian/vegan shopping list?
I want to be a vegan, but I really hate the taste and texture of dairy substitutes?
I want to be a vegan, but I really hate the taste and texture of dairy substitutes?
Did my weed degrade/go bad?
Is it ok to make sex on the beach without peach schnapps?
Is what i ate for a snack ok?
1 cup measurement for cornstarch?
Where can I buy pule cheese?
What are your favourite bakery foods?
diet pills that numb your taste buds?
Going raw vegan, tips?
What to add to white wine to make it taste good?
xmas season egg nog recipe?
What sweet 16 party should I have?
Is 1 Cup or Half a Cup one of your 5 a day?
how Much is breakfast at hometown?
Can anyone suggest me any smart shop for Magic Truffles?
Recipe for healthy beef stew?
Received some canned chicken dated 11/09&tuna dated 12/10 cans look normal is it safe to eat now?
Cooking chicken please help quick!?
Anyone knows what's the name of this food and where i can find it ?
Why do, Chili recipe and procedures for cooking?
Can I stuff a deep fried turkey with say potatoes and kielbasa before cooking it? Will it cook?
Where can I buy a kit to make a gingerbread house like this?
What is your favorite type of chocolate?
Which UK shops sell Vegan Pizza?
How much croutons equals a slice of bread?
How do onions make love?
HOW TO MAKE TOAST?????? HELP ME THIS IS IMPORTANT!!!?
how to make eggless yorkshires ?
Which is the tastiest fish to eat in your opinion?
What's your favorite Starbucks drink?
i have a case of 1928 Perrier-Jouet Champagne what's its value?
recipe for crock pot chili using canned beans as only ingrediants?
A tub of frozen cookie dough thawed but not opened in my fridge for a month. would it be safe to use?
Whiskey makes me feel sick now?
am i addicted to energy drinks?
Hello - what are the best frozen sausage rolls?
how to make glass bongs?
what kind of vanilla is this recipe requiring?
how to make glass bongs?
What is the best brand for pizza crust?
How can I make pineapple ice cream with this recipe?
I need a name for this cake. I'm not sure how to spell it so I can't find the recipe?
can I use gram flour instead of all-purpose flour for cake?
How to make marijuana tea?
What is the food term for disassembled food?
Why do people still eat meat after so many scandals?
Do you like eating Sushi?
I have a recipe that calls for 3/2 cups of flour how much is that?
How many twinkies to put on a pound of fat?
Can you substitute parmesan for the red lobster chedder bay bisucts?
WHEN IS THE BEST SEASON TO HAVE A BBQ PARTY AND WHY?
Please HELP!!!!????!!?
how many tea make in 1 kg tea leaf?
What is the best chopper, that can chop cooked meat and all kinds of vegetables, and is easy to clean?
Tips on cooking a turkey crown?
how long does it take for alcohol to leave your system?
I got a weed question?
Can you taste almond flour?
Can i use Arrowroot instead of corn flour for making Munchurian?
I ate some vegan mock chicken, but I suspect there was still meat in it?
Do I need to line a loose base tin all around?
Which chef to start with?
If I offered to make you a salad with whatever you like in it?
can u give me the apple onion jam recipe, please?
is there a floor drain required for drinking fountain?
what does corgi taste like?
In your personal opinion, which european country has the best food/cuisine?
DIY rice/oat/soy milk... why is it flavuorless?
Which is less harmful for meat consumption ... Broiler or Layers?
what is your favorite beer?
what is your favorite meat?
how i can make a cover letter for recipe contest?
Any ideas for a 3 course menu?
Should I go veggie? Opinions please xx?
How long to store cured seasoned ground beef for jerky?
WHAT IS YOUR IDEAL SUMMER BBQ MEAL?
i havent done well in my matric and i need to do it again and get the certificate so i can go on studying what?
alcohol is probaby best high ever?
Please help me pick a cognac bottle for my dad?
Please help me pick a cognac bottle for my dad?
2-4 shots of Vodka Everynight Before Bed?
pooped in a water fountain?
Is this a hangover or am I sick?
what is your favorite flavor of jolly rancher?
how do i light a generic disposable clear lighter?
How important are medals on wine?
debating on staying a vegetarian?
what is a good brand of sherry wine but no so expensive?
How do i know if its expired?
What should I do for my 21st birthday?
If I made pasta then put it in the refrigerator warm is it okay to eat?
How long to bake breaded chicken breast HALVES ?
Ate raw chicken by mistake. Will I fall sick?
what is the shelf life of Wagner's Mulling Spices?
Are eggs bought on Tuesday and left in the the truck til Friday still safe to eat?
I have extra creme brulee mixture, before baking. What recipes could I use this in?
Easy, fast recipes with stuff already in the kitchen?
how long for beer smell to leave my mouth?
Is a leche flan cannot be musty if it'll be place in ref for one night after cooking?
Perfect Mango Cake or Cupcake Recipe?
How do I get my little brother and friend to start eating healthy/healthier (picky eaters)?
I just made a huge bowl of hummus, and want to modify it?
How do you clarify egg whites?
How to stop smoking cigs for good!?
Would you buy a 1 oz bag of chips for a dollar?
what is arbor mist's moscato strength?
I got a wheatgrass plant. And now I have questions about how to grow it?
Have you ever made a purchase return?
Who was the first person to think of eating corn with mayonnaise?
Is there anything I can sneak into an alcoholic drink to make someone sick?
Birthday party ideas for 14 year olds?
Where online can I order HI-C orange vanilla?
I feel like throwing up?
does stirring with an wooden spoon makes the foods stick while...?
How to cook turkey bacon on the stove?
Is it normal to prefer fruits over veggies?
Easy Cornish Hen Recipe (1 hen)?
What is the difference between Bourbon and Tennessee Whiskey?
can you combine 2 steaks?
spaghetti or two-minute noodles?
How long is a pumpkin squash and butternut squash good?
Games/activities for a birthday party?
Sushi & miso soup please help!!?
Did you enjoy Cheep Cheep Good Egg?
Need a special cookie recipe fast!?
why did butter come out of my puff pastry?
2 DAY BINGE HELP?!!? weight gain?
How can i remove the alcohal from vanilla extracts?
Can Nutella storage at fridge?
Nervous about Starbucks coffee tasting for new job?
Does powdered sugar contain gluten?
Does this happen to you too: You have one cookie and you want 4 more then you want more?
I need help!!! Indian food question!?
Don't you just love the smell of fresh Pop Tarts in the morning?
Can I cook a fully cooked turkey in a crockpot?
I'm so hungry any suggestions?
Some excuses to go out? HELP!?
Can I buy alcohol on the day of my 18th birthday? (UK)?
is there anyway to fix sticky peanut brittle?
can i bake a cake from the box with out no eggs insted i use flour?
I just ate a 7-9 ounce piece of salmon?
Baking sugar cookies, but don't have parchment paper?!?
WHAT TO PUT ON SPINACH?
I want to open up a bakery, what baked goods would be the best to sell?What are the most popular baked goods?
How to make Hummus with these ingredients?
Best sour/sweet candy to eat when stoned?
how do I keep my chocolate from meting?
Cute candy sayings for Kit Kat bars and Rolos?
What spices can I mix with thousand island dressing to make spicy sauce?
Does anyone know the recipe to El Novillero's enchilada sause?
Making a caesar salad without anchovies, how much capers should I use instead?
How do i get cigarettes as a minor?
I want to get arrested for drunk driving 18 times?
Drinking alcohol after tylenol wears off?
What are some decent coffee beers?
how do u buzz someone?
How can I make a KFC-like Zinger Burger?
What is a Breakfast Item you Eat a lot of but you Never Eat it for Breakfast?
I got way to drunk and called this girl i like and said alot of stupid shit. What do I do?
Can you be an alcoholic without ever drinking alcohol?
What can I use as I.D?
Weird things to put in my coffee?
slices of red turkey or slices of ham?
What's you're favorite starbucks drink?
My kimchi is past the best before date?
Do drunk people only throw up once?
Can you use cake icing for icing sugar cookies?
How long does dry fondant last?
What are some dishes to try?
How to store a boiled egg?
if i start to drink beer will i gain weight?
How long should I wait to drink after taking...?
What is obama's favorite beer?
Food Storage--Need something to absorb the moisture that develops in the ziplocks when the frost evaporates?
Where are you going tonight, club or bar? Or bed?
What is the thinest grain rice? I recently had lunch from a middle eastern food cart that had the best rice?
Are antioxidants only found in plant sources?
Are Olean and Super Olein the same thing?
Only fun to be around when i drink.?
Beer questions. When you drink beer...?
can food be delivered during a snow storm?
What is your Favorite Street Food?
how much alcohol is in alcohol?
What veggies do you detest and hope never to be served them at a fancy dinner?
What kind of tea was there at the Boston Tea Party?
Where can I buy Clear Creek Ice beer in Indiana or online?
Eating ready meals that contain egg and mayonnaise while pregnant is safe?
What if you got Triple dog dared to?
shami kebab not cooked properly?
Finnish candy VS American candy?
How difficult is it to transport a gingerbread house?
Once open, how long can one keep an Irish Cream product without it spoiling?
Where the heck can i find Mountain Dew Blue Voltage?
can someone help me convert these measurements into American measurements?
How long do i cook ox tail?
Why is my Baileys not layering on top of my Midori?
Is it safe to drink 5 month expired canned beer?
Is it possible to digest 600 grams of Desi Ghee with one kg of whole milk at once?
Bartenders, how do I draw in a crowd?
K cups?? Which ones are sweet?
how good is grey goose and bacardi rum?
i want to make baked cheese cake for a couple of christmas presents but making my normal size ones would be ex?
Ok.. Do they really sell healthy food at walmart?
How do you make smoothies without ice?
What are some unusual (commercially produced & distributed) snacks and drinks for parties?
Is my wild mallard duck safe to eat?
Took one hit and WOWWW... (WEED BLACKOUT??)?
Green tea and coconut oil, benefits?
Need help substituting for a recipe?
What are the best sources of iron for vegetarians?
Dehydrated fig newtons.?
POLL: What is your favorite milk substitute?
Any recipes for cookies?
do you like sardines with mayonnaise, mustard, ketsup and raw cabbage ?
My apple slices are too thick in my apple pie!?
Are green beans acidic?
can i make brownies (pre-made brownie mix in a box) in a mug and put it in the oven?
VEGANS PLEASE ANSWER OR ANYONE WHO DOESNT CONSUME DAIRY:)?
How to make cream cheese frosting? (using 4oz. of cream cheese)?
what is christmas all about our daily bread ?
Why do blenders come in packaging with tape on it to seal it ?
What is it called when you break the yolk in the egg?
vegetarian and looking for main course?
How does high metabolism effect your ability to stay sober?
which out of these two coffee machines? 10 POINTS?
What are some foods that most people wouldn't think are vegan?
What can I make with ground beef?
Can you still smoke stale cigarettes?
Can you return unopened food items to Aldi?
has anyone ever tried a onion, raw cabbage, and raw garlic salad?
bean to cup or pump espresso? 10 POINTS?
bit confused about my Russell Hobbs breadmaker 18036?
How much could i drink and stay completely sober?
How likely is my boyfriend able to get into a bar with expired ID and passport?
Cooking a christmas goose?
i have just obtained a bottle of cheratussin ac syrup. it does not label Any of the ingredients on it and i?
where can I buy pastry pride whipped topping in minneapolis mn?
Is it safe to drink alcohol?
Easy side dish using haggis?
What pairs well with a cherry cordial?
what do I need to know about wine?
Holiday Egg Nog: Do you drink yours 'straight', or....?
I need to kno if payroll gotten my fax?
hey guys tell me how many brand of cigarette have nicotine and Tabco free ?
I need to kno if payroll gotten my fax?
moonshine mash question??
Can I use roasted salted almonds instead of raw to make cinnamon almonds? I bought the wrong thing.?
What Kind of Sauce Should I Make With Pasta?
How many cloves of raw garlic?
I need help finding the name of an old website, please!?
I am cooking a 12 lb pot roast what size dutch oven should i use? and how long should it cook?
How to store a giant Millie's cookie?
How long do you have to thaw a turkey before you cook it?
Things to do while stoned alone?
I am making Hot Butter Rum Batter in canning jars add gifts but I do not know how to can & have no canner?
Does Costco sell peace tea?
What kind if (probably Asian) seed was this?
Poll: What is your favorite food that contains coconut in it?
How do I hide food when I'm at the dinner table?
How does marijuana make you feel and is it really that amazing ?
Can you die from too much espresso shots? detailed Q?
my daughter ate raman noodles that has been sitting in the fridge for a few weeks. Could she have food posioni?
How does one eat healthy while increasing one's weight?
Butter or Oil for fried bread?
Taste of cajeta vs dulce de leche?
food colouring to paint on iced christmas cake?
Can you still get ice cream chewits in the uk?
Liquorice recipe alternatives?
Is it against the Law to give Home made Wine away?
can you microwave ordinary cookies?
Companys Coming Cream Cheese Icing Recipe?
why does all the flavoring cook out of my pizzelles?
Why are knives pointed at the end?
Where can I buy Baileys Biscoti in London?
substitution for crushed tomatoes?
Is my new vegetarian diet too high in fat?
Quick: I need a recipe for a Oreo Cheesecake?
What kind of food should I bring to a potluck?
yes or no you have tried blue bells banana pudding flavored ice cream?
Had a takeaway pizza last night, can I eat leftovers today it's been in oven overnight (not turned on)?
for those who smoke hookah ? plzz?
What can I mix with gold tequila?
what are some good vegetarian meals?
Why do I always fall asleep before I make coffee?
What is the significant of inviting lion to perform during chinese new year?
Do you give ang pow during chinese new year?
What is yee sung and how do you make it?
What traditional food do you usually cook for chinese new year?
Is it possible to have a celebrity attend your party?
Which is better snack celery sticks or cucumber sticks ?
Do you need eggs to make otak otak?
How to pickle vegetables acar?
Any cool suggestions for a food and wine blog name?
If you eat grass will your teeth get messed up?
How many magners can i drink without getting tipsy?
best bourban for ham glaze?
after opening a bottle of wine, how long should it be consumed?
Why is Starbucks so addicting?
I bought cocktail sauce instead of chili sauce for a meatloaf recipe. How much differenc e is there?
Whats your favourite snack?
Is the Farm Egg, Vegitarian or Non-Vegitarin. Does it has chicken in it?
what is the diff brtween a monster drink and monster rehab?
Effects on being a vegetarian to suddenly eating meat?
What's working in produce at a supermarket like?
What are four reasons why summer sausage can be stored at room temperature?
What's that cooking show?
Mouthwatering brownies?
Why does drinking alcohol make you tired?
What are good sixteenth birthday party ideas?
Is Drinking Gatorade while sitting down bad for you?
When cooking beans in the slow cooker, how do you like to season them?
fondant or royal icing for Christmas cake?
How do I puree a can of fire roasted diced tomatoes?
how much are frozen breaded chicken tenders at walmart from the least to greatest price?
when a recipe calls for thick cream what is it?
How much will it cost to have a 3 course dinner for 200 people? including hiring the hall, waiters etc?
Chocolates going wrong!?
Where can you buy cookies and cream pop tarts in england?
HOW TO PREPARE FOR THE PSA?
Greggs Sausage and Bean pasty question?
can you reheat chicken?
need advice from ethical animal rights people..thanks?
how does lipton tea process their tiny tea bags and put them in a 100 count box and still make money.?
Do alcoholics get hungover?
what was cheese really made for?
I hate Twinkies does anybody else do?
Does Jack Daniels kill bacteria?
will a dessert made in an 8 inch tart tin serve 10 people?
How do i make peppermint hot chocolate?
How do i make peppermint hot chocolate?
how do i make peppermint hot chocolate?
Is 24 hours long enough to dry-brine a 5.5kg turkey?
Am I addicted to soft drinks?
Is it hard to switch from being a meat eater to being a vegetarian?
Is coke different from Pepsi?
what brand of yogurt has live cultures please?
What type of coffee do I put into my filter coffee machine?
Does Fred Meyer sell brewing yeast? And can it be bought underage?
What is Michelin Star and where is it in Lancashire?
What does kimchi taste like?
I can drink all day long, and be more sober than my friends, but as soon as I hit a certain point in my drunke?
Can we take butter to australia?
Help will I pass my etg test!?
What do you think about these two recipes?
Not feeling hungry because I'm sad?
Some suggestions on partying on new year eve with unlimited drinks, sumptuous dinner and top class entertainme?
That recipe i don't quite remember, help?
A NAME for a little treat I came up with?
what something do you want to eat at home?
i would like to ask if anyone knows how to remove the greasy taste from ground beef?
Anyone know the recipe for the spice rub on ocharleys salmon.?
Is it safe to eat pots of pre-cooked rice?
Can you use chopsticks?
What is a good beginner cigarette?
How do I make a quesadilla less boring than just using cheese?
how to make a san fransisco cocktail?
What's your favorite drink in the winter?
raw spring water question?
Whats your favorite alcohol for the holidays? Looking for something good this Christmas!?
I drank coke before I went to bed. Will I be able to fall asleep?
how to smoke hash without tobacco?
smoke hash without tobacco?
whats the green stuff n oysters?
will a 375 ml bottle of brandy get you drunk?
Is 19 to old to start partying?
I want to know if i have 1kg of flour, how many kilo of cake i'll get?
Should I put crushed candy canes on the icing? HELP please?
What does this saying mean? \You chug from a beer, but I sip from a martini glass.\?
Why do we cut sandwiches in half before eating them?
How do you keep cookies crisp when cutting fat?
Dessert made with Andes mints and cookie dough?
Anyone have a recipe for the Heath bar pie?
Is something wrong with having 2 glasses of wine a day?
Is this a lot to eat in one day?
I have Chronic Gastritis. Any food recipes?
Does this sound like a healthy vegan diet?
Wood fired pizza ovens?
Innovative vegan cookbook recommendation for an experienced cook just-turned-vegan?
What are your romantic foods?
Tell me, is this cup glass?
Who makes better coffee pods?
Health benefits of sharon fruit?
Tasty fruit in the world?
what's so great about weed?
Is it reasonable to think this about medical organisation recommendations?
What is your favorite mixed drink with rum?
Can I die from drinking the #2 pro active bottle?
How to keep canned whip cream from turning runny?
What is your favorite mixed drink with rum?
Jewish: Why are Mushrooms considered Kosher when they are \bottom feeders\?
Do you like to eat chicken eggs ?
Any RECIPIE FOR Chicken Cutlets And GrOund beef on the same plate!!?!???!!?
Vegans- What to look for on food ingredients?
can you buy burgers from McAfee gift card?
What are some key components to have at a party? Help Please?
Why does vodka make me feel hot and anxious?
How to make popcorn @ home?
What is the recipe for the peanut butter pie at JMU?
Why does roast beef look oily?
Does whiskey have more alcohol than wine?
Is boiled Christmas fruit cake supposed to be chewy?
are there any non-alcoholic non-carbonated beverages that won't contribute to keeping you up?
Canned menudo, how to make it better?
Has anyone ever tried a tuna and tarter sauce sandwich?
My pumpkin pie still tastes good today, 12/19..after the best sell by 11/27 date? it is okay to eat right?
vanilla extract substitute for cookies?
Is it safe to cook hotdogs over firewood?
45th birthday party diva themed?
How to mix vodka, mixer, and juice/cider?
Serving sizes for nuts?
Should I tell my friend that I don't want her nasty cooking at my party?
want to make sugar cookies but only have spread?
Why do I love breasts so much?
How do y'all get alcohol under 21?
what should I eat right now?
Why do we eat food? Why do we like how it taste?
How long can marshmallow fluff stay out in the open air for?
Why are the foods in my fridge filling with air?
Can I sub something for apricot juice if the store doesn't carry it?
question for ethical vegetarians. please help?
Would you rather havePancakes for breakfast tomorrow or Belgian waffles?
Recipe for homestyle corn read of Shawnee mills bag?
how to make coconut rice?
what flavor of brandy is used in eggnog?
allergic to peanuts, can I eat cookies (from cookie dough) that says \may contain peanuts\?
Just wondering which fast food pays the most..?
My throat burns? I made a tea with lemon/honey?
Brewing Raw Coffee Beans for Extra Caffeine?
Is it safe for pigs to eat ice cream?
what happened to dr. dres aftermath cognac?
How do you drink straight Kentucky bourbon?
why did my fantasy fudge crack while cutting it?
Is this cereal unhealthy?
How do I add flavor to chicken soup?
Are there any Food(s) that Humans Eat that has Animal Dung in the food?
I need a soft alternative to tortilla chips?
do i double the ingredients to make 2 boxes of cupcakes? PLEASE HELP URGENT?
Will they serve an 18 year old wine in restaurants?
how to make channa masala?
How long will a bottle of 2011 Pinot Noir last before it deteriorates?
How to add garlic to tomato soup? Also help with soup recipe?
how long does home made mayo last?
What is your favorite christmas cookie recipe?
Is it normal to swing your arms back and forth uncontrollably while on mdma?
Am I aloud to taste Rockstar Energy Drink/Monster?
Do any of you know of a good German pound cake recipe?
How do I stop being hungry?
when baking cookies, do you leave the pan in the oven while the oven is warming up?
Why and I so thirsty?
am i considered a junkie?
chai tea where is it at?
What kind of side dishes go well with ham? (Christmas supper)?
Can I buy beer Sunday at 12am?
Why is my hookah pen not working?
what is your favorite salad?
date when shiner bock was first brewed?
marie callendar chocolate cream pie?
People who don't take chopsticks apart to use them?
Would love a Marie Callender's chocolate cream pie not banana not lemon just the chocolate cream pls?
What is your favorite flavor of cake?
Is this rally's chicken sandwich still safe to eat 2 days later?
Ouzounis Maidens Number 17 Brandy?
i have just discovered the use of heavy creme in a can?
Whos having a cruelty free Christmas?
Looking for a specific peanut butter fudge recipe?
how does a candy floss machine do it?
What is a vintage beer that used to be banned in its home country. Originally brewed with both lager/ale yeast?
What was the last Meal or Food you had to Choke Down to Eat?
when you mix salt with water what is the formula of the mix?
What can I smoke purely for the taste?
recipes with pulled chicken leftovers?
Looking to get into some brandy/cognac?
What kind of food can you buy with an ebt food stamp card?
What are some accidentally vegan foods?
what is the best belgium beer?
do you think cod tastes good?
I by accident used 9 cups of flour rather than 10 cups for my gingerbread cookies, is that gonna be a problem?
What's the best color for cookies?
Is there something wrong with this vodka?
where can I buy Brachs Chocolate covered cherries?
Why did my Snapple slowly freeze in my hand?
Vegetarian question???????
What hold more liquid, a water bottle or Gatorade bottle?
Who owns competer and how does he run ethernet for m to google?
Can i save my starbucks drink for tomorrow?
Am I the only person in the universe who likes pepperoni and Hawaiian pizza equally?
better cheese substitute taste wise?
How should I categorize my grocery coupons?
Any one trust my-cheap-cigarettes.com OR all-cigarettes-tobacco.com?
If you were to bake a Bacon and Egg pie this size, 680g?
Vegetarian craving chicken...?
can you make meatloaf without eggs?
What are the 17 spices Outback Steakhouse uses for steaks?
what are some tasty foods that are low in calories ?
What side dishes would go well with ham for christmas?
How do I put beer/pop cans in my doors fridge?
What is a good price on a private bartender in Rhode Island?
Can rinsing a block of hard cheese with dilute vinegar keep it from getting moldy?
How to gift soap and food?
Do energy drinks cause rapid mood changes?
Evaporated Milk Substitute?
I buy whole milk and freeze them for convenience. TheI take one by one and use it within 3 days after been de?
Poison in my bottled water?
What will happen to my vodka/fruit juice?
How to prevent hangover?
Should i avoid cheese when I'm trying to eat healthy?
Should i avoid cheese when I'm trying to eat healthy?
Recipe ideas please! Oreo Snowballs gone astray...?
What should I serve at a masquerade?
How come beer can spoil/grow mold yet most other alcoholic beverages cannot?
Why do toasters have a setting that makes a the toast burnt,.. That nobody would eat..?
Takeaway decisions :/ What to eat?
patron anejo 375ml price?
What are some good vegartarin/ vegan recipes?
What missing nutrients do I need as a vegetarian, and how can I get them?
What is the conversion of unsweetened chocolate squares to powdered cocoa?
I think I might be turning into a carrot?
Can you use a blender in place of a mixer when baking?
What is a popular Drink made with GIN (not counting gin and tonic)?
How do I gain weight as a vegetarian?
How to begin to sell a sauce....?
Going vegetarian, help - don't really like beans etc.?
How long can someone go without water?
Is carrot red colour?
can you make candy melts using white chocolate chips?
What does sirloin steak best go well with? I.e vegetables etc?
Why old wine is more expensive ?
What is the best beer for someone who doesn't like beer?
Alice in wonderland themed party?
How to make minced pies ?
Making peanut butter cookies using 1c pnb and 1c short. What else could I sub instead of all butter ?
How to make a golden loaf cake harder ?
I need to know what alcholic drinks do not taste like alchol at all or whpped creme?
Can you ship alcohol inside Indiana?
I cant chew food and Im a vegetarian What can I make?
i don't have a meal plan in college what can i eat?
What other foods besides cherries can be frozen without damaging them?
Can you concentrate tea?
How do you preserve fruits and vegetables without a refrigerator?
How long can I store vegetables in the fridge?
Can we get Ponni rice or Rosematta rice/Kerala Red rice in Jamshedpur?
How are Chinese meals different than traditonal American meals?
Marshmallows or Whipped Cream? How do you top your hot chocolate?
which is the country who invented and cook the best food in the world?
How to preheat a mini oven ?
Vegans: What is your favorite snack?
How to prepare your body for a day of unhealthy eating?
Is it possible to make a solid Chocolate shape (e.g Football)?
What's the difference between gravy and soup?
What is accepted ratio of oil to vinegar in making salad dressing?
Do you eat fried chicken skin???
Question about re-canning jelly?
Do you think Cranberry Ginger Ale tastes alcoholic?
Any ideas for eggless omelet that tastes like the egg omelet?
Will candy canes get soft in fudge?
I took 5 shots of vodka and nothing happende to me at all, how is this even possible?
What should i make 4 dinner?
what's a good substitution for mini marshmallows?
Where can I Buy suet free mincemeat?
What a simple recipe for lemon filling?
I want to go vegan- Can I get some tips?
What's the difference between 7up and Sprite?
where can i find bengali fish in bangalore?
Is it OK if I just eat protein such as meat and egg whites, or is it important for me to have carbs as well?
Chocolate Melting Problems?
What should I do for my 14th birthday party?
Is it ok to keep the dough in the fridge overnight?
What's better: Danish food or German food?
What is a famous Swedish dish?
Which of the following would you choose to add to your coffee during the holidays?
What is a famous Scottish dish?
what happened when I hit the bong?
Alcohol content in foods?
Places to rent for a 19th birthday party?
\Traditional\ jewish meals?
Assm, Disertakan soalan dan juga lis website yang relevan: We understand that the more we adhere to Islam the?
Is 0.9 grams a lot of protein?
What is a good name for a concession business that sells Wings, Fried Fish, and Fries?
Do you need to boil the vegetables before making a salad?
How do I make sugar glass white?
Any ideas instead of a cookie swap?
What are the 5 best vodka mixers?
There are scented cigarettes? flavored?
What's some of the Best cocktails/mixed drinks?
What starter to have - salmon main course?
How to get obol in Canada?
How long does alcohol stay in your system?
non gmo isolate soy protein side effects?
Trying to make puppy chow?
Which type of batter would be best for a recipe that includes cheese, sausage, and jalapenos?
Do Vegans cook meat for non-vegan roommates?
How to prepare a light spinach breakfast?
What drinks should I take to a house party?
Is there any way to make soft drinks less acidic?
Why do you have to prepare fruitcake months ahead?
hi, I was wondering can heat proof bowls be used to bake cakes in, in the oven?
Is NOW Foods Sweet Almond oil organic?
I plan to make chocolate mousse tartlets for xmas dessert http://www.hellomagazine.com/cuisine/recipes/2010072?
Transform justin's almond butter to chocolate?
Does eatting 2 apples count as 2 of your 5 a day?
What is the difference between using beef and veg suet (xmas pudding)?
What should I order at a bar?
tell me why dumb people drink gatorade as water?
what alchohol is gluten free?
Good crockpot recipe for work \food day\ on Friday?
What Foods Contain Melanin?
Do you like/eat Salmon?
What are the most popular packaged foods in Germany?
Dont know what to bake for New Years party?
What are some expensive foods I can get at the grocery store.?
Poll: should humans eat flesh of animals?
Will condensation on pizza dough from fridge ruin it?
What are your favorite cheeses and why?
Weed spliff or Blunt?
Bought sodium carbonate instead of bicarbonate. How can I cook with it?
Theoretically, can alcohol cause a car to run?
My icing is not thick enough to hold its shape. Help please?
how do i make chai latte?
Which energy drink works the best for a long driving road trip?
how many bottles of corona extra does it take to get u drunk?
Help with stag do !!?
Can I make chocolate spread with chocolate bar?
can someone help me figure out if this company tests on animals?
Which one do you prefer? Gin or vodka?
Should I buy a premium brand of vodka if I'm just planning on mixing it?
Is it healthier to drink pre-mixed drinks from a bottle/can or to mix your own?
Should I goto this party?
Do you have a good fish soup receipt for me?
milk frozen. please help!!!!!?
How to pack 750ml bottle of champagne for flight?
Why is unhealthy food so yummy?
Parents travelled, and I need to cook something for guests. HELP?
I have a question on marshmallows.....?
I have no food, what can I do?!?
Agree or Disagree...?
What recipes can I make with these ingredients?
What do u serve with tamales?
How many 24\ party pizza's do I need for 8 full sized adults?
is it safe to eat frozen chicken 5 months after its best by date?
Can I use this homemade velveeta recipe while making bar cheese?
What's the difference between weed and hash?
What's your favorite dessert?
what is the hindi word varagu rice?
How long does it take for the smell of weed to leave electronics?
How to stay up all night without dozing off?
Does Vietnamese cuisine have stir fries similar to those in Cantonese cuisine?
Bottled water sinks really bad!!!?
Sodium in ramen broth?
Does all alcohol need to be chilled?
Jelly squares in ambrosia salad?
Using Powdered Sugar or Regular for Homemade Hot Chocolate?
What is d difference between bombay rava and wheat rava?
Keep almond bark chocolate from hardening?
does anyone have papa murphy's original red pizza sauce recipe?
what can you eat with strawberries?
venison and wild rice stuffing recipe?
I only have oven but to make mochi is need microwave, so can I replace it with oven? #i'm malaysian?
What's the best Rum...?
how much dried parsley flakes equals half a cup of fresh parsley?
Which alcohal drinks is good for health.?only india drinks?
Do you love/hate Apple? why or why not?
Looking for a simple raspberry peach pie recipe?
Is there any alcohol content in Jack Daniels Sauce?
Too much protein bad?
Meat dishes with lots of connective tissue?
Is it bad that I drink champange everynight!!?
Any healthy baking recipe ideas? (No cocoa powder) thanks :)?
Which country is the origin of dumplings?
cheap recipes please?
What is your favorite filled cookie? What filling is best?
who serves the best hot chocolate starbucks, mcdonalds, or dunkin's?
Some protein foods for breakfast?
What is it like to be vegan?
John Candy's drug use?
will drinking milk daily help me gain weight?
How often do you and your family eat together?
What is the best way to store water in the car in the winter so it is usable to drink without freezing?
Do you prefer tea black or with milk and sugar added?
Which moonshine is the best?
How many shots (1.5 oz) of everclear to get a decent buzz?
How long does a monster energy drink take to kick in?
How are stores supposed to store their cigarettes?
high protein pasta for autistic child?
What is YOUR toss salad full of?
What's in my Pure Maple Syrup?
is there really cow pus in milk?
How rich is coca cola?
Outdoorsmen!Is it safe to cook a meal in a mess tin using a candle?
I want to go vegatarian but dont want to let my mom down?
I'm baking an Almond cake need advice?
How much vodka will get me drunk?
What kind of alcohol do teenagers like?
Tonight for dinner I have quite a large filet of Lemon Sole (fish) to....?
does bacon need to stay refrigerated?
Why are vegetarians so rude?
Low Alcohol Tolerance?
What is the best kind of Cheetos?
Why is cake so expensive?
What do you like about Chinese food?
Does anyone have a recipe for cookie dough infused with alcohol? They will not be baked, just left raw to eat!?
Does anyone have a recipe for cookie dough infused with alcohol? They will not be baked, just left raw to eat!?
What wine goes with crab legs?
mmsteakoffer.ca from carling?
HLEP MY ecig won't work?? i need help!!!?
Are there any Irish Christmas desserts that don't have any alcohol in it?
What's good with pineapple?
What to do for my 16th birthday?
would a sesame seed sauce be a good.dressing.for a.tomato onion salad?
Is my nonfat Greek yogurt making my smoothie taste bad?
What is a creamer, and can you use coconut cream instead?
How to order a pipe without my parents knowing?
Why did a grape taste like alcohol?
i an unable to take cool milk...can take skimmed milk with a little boiling and can i add protinex powder ?
i forgot my tin number how im going to find?
Are there Days of the Week that you Always Eat specific Meals on?
Does The Lemon Detox Really Work ?
What to get from Starbucks when sick with a cold ?
What is your least favorite type of Potato Chips?
i want to try a hookah pen, help?
What could be making me crave goat cheese.?
Foods to avoid while feeling like throwing up?
Does different alcoholic drinks have different effects on the same person?
how to make alcohol??????///?
List of recipes which can be cooked in bulk?
Cooking pulled pork in a slow cooker?
What is a good substitute for molasses?
cooking elk steak in the oven, no cast iron?
I cant seem to not be thirsty?
what is washington costco liquor prices?
Why are people obssesed with taking pills when they can get all the same nutrients from food?
Is it allowed as a Muslim to work in in a licensed restaurant that sells alcohol ?
Will I not be able to drink?
Cookie recipe for chocolate chip?
Is it allowed for muslim to eat Fish burger in Macdonalds?
What style of Onions do you like on a Burger Cooked Onions or Raw Onions?
technical cooking question- making a sheet of jelly to lay on top of a canapé?
What style of Sausage do you like more Sausage Links or Sausage Patties?
Will I get food posoning?
How much weed do I need for brownies?
amuse bouche/ canapé ideas?
How long will 8 pounds of dry ice take to freeze 480 oz of water in a 60 quart cooler?
Microwave having weird smell!?
Are Multi-Vitamins helpful, or is there truth to the word that they are a waste of money?
What temperature do you prefer your beer and what are are some of your favorites?
Does this sound good?
Buying a pipe online under-aged?
Have vegetarians increased over the past 20 years? (Coursework please help)?
Scotch in a can in dfw?
What does baking at higher temps do to cookies?
would oregon chai latte taste good with pumpkin spice coffee mate creamer?
help ...undercooked sausage?
If you drink regularly, are you less of a lightweight than someone who has never drunk before?
what is in marlboro lights?
What are you cooking on Christmas day?
Why is Bisquick packaged in a box?
All i have is loafs of bread for my spaghetti, will this be a good combo for dinner?
What can I use to cook over an open fire?
what is the most popular type of candy in world?
Personal opinion regarding animal testing. One question. Please answer.?
How do I throw a good party?
16th birthday ideas :/ for January 2014?
What are good ingredients to add to Fettuccine Alfredo?
Can you soak and sprout oats if they're from Simply Organic?
are gluten free pasta bread expensive?
does anyonme else likes to eat lentils?
Macaroons Vs Macaron, Help!?
Why do I eat in Order?
is eating raw fruits/vegetables?
How to tell my family im a vegitarian?
Tramadol mixed with a shot of Rum?
What kind of fruitcake do you like best?
whats the best type of weed?
What do you do with a drunken sailer?
how many shots till i get drunk?(read)?
What kind of grilled cheese goes well with corn chowder?
Liquid Water Enhancer mixed with Spiced Rum.?
what is a basil, cumin, chervil tarragon( which is not a herb?
can I make Yorkshire puddings in advance?
What should I cook tonight?
Just found mould on the pasta I was eating. Should I be worried?
tube pan vs. bundt pan. what's the difference?
Is it possible to steam milk for latte art without a machine?
what does smoke n a pancake bong n a blitz mean?
Feel sick when I eat pasta?
What is a New York Style Roast?
Would this be healthy?
Number to a Chinese food in the area?
Will we be able to get alcohol ?
I tried some Canadian Club Whisky Aged 12 years and it literally set my throat on fire. Normal?
Need help working out cooking times for a microwave?
whats the difference between someone who is stoned and someone whk is drunk?
how many pounds of beef do i need to feed 8 people?
why does having a cigarette when you are under the influence feel so good?
Do you ever have soup and sandwiches for dinner?
coffee enima cleanzing?
How do I calculate microwave cooking times?
chicken breast fillets have white goes bits on the is it skin or what is it?
Can My Friend Make Lean With Guaifenesin Syrup?
Is raw herring in oil and salt healthy (details inside)?
Can I use normal coffee in an espresso machine?
Hi.. Please tell me What is the name of the song in \chex party mix\ add?
what's a good lebanese dinner entree?
How to throw a party like Merediths from Bratz?
defrosting chicken in boiling water..?
Is there any good vegan sandwiches?
How many shots of vodka would it take to make me drunk?
How much alcohol is in a miniature bottle? Is it more than a shot?
what does the word \root\ inspire you?
Beef broccoli. Whice one ?
Will rice cooker consume lot of electricity if let on warm mode for long?
How do you make French Toast? With or without crust?
Tips for buying the best waffle maker?
are fermented pomegranate seeds alcoholic?
can you saute canned oyster?
since the grocery stores don't carry any cajun food where can I get some?
Using One Banana in a Recipe that Calls for Two?
How do you cook fresh salmon?
what color mixes with allspice?
How can I substitute milk for sour cream in baking?
I Need To Lose Weight:/......Help Please?
why are measuring cup handles different from mug handles?
Have you ever tried a Frozen Buttercream transfer?
How can I safely quit drinking cold turkey?
Can you put paper figures on a cake?
How much alcohol could i drink?
Need advice please...?
what is a good sweet wine?
Which country is the origin of Curry?
Does anyone have the Potato Express (Microwave Baked Potato maker)?
whats wrong with drinking everyday?
thick ganache confused?
I am allergic to peanuts. Can cashews or almonds substitute in making Asian peanut sauce?
Two Glasses Of Wine A Day?
How to use pesto paste?
how do you make monkey bread?
What is your fav (alcoholic) drink?
lemon cookies go well with dark chocolate?
Why are Bulgogi and Galbi considered Korean foods?
Does going to the Olive Garden guarantee that you're white trash?
Organic Turkey and or Chicken?
how many frito lay plants are on the east coast that actually make the snacks?
i m going to open the shop soon and i would like to get one of the cocacola fridge wich i heard they give free?
How much are chips ahoy at walmart?
Does anyone have a Home Cotton Candy Maker?
How do I fix adding too much coffee extract in a filling for a chocolate cupcake?
Tobacco pipe wont stay lit?
Potluck ideas! any suggest what to bring?
Can I use whipping cream instead of heavy cream?
I bought a Cookworks rice cooker and have lost the measuring cup! Please tell me how much rice is 1 cup!?
Great shrimp recipes?
is extra sugar free chewing gum halal?
What can I drink with Jameson to take away the flavor of the whiskey?
how to make home made potato soup?
Tips on Burger-eating challenges?
how much does a meal and a drink cos t from cosmo for a 14 year old during lunch time?
Best unbreakable or break-resistant glassware?
is there any glutin in craft marshmellows?
What is your favourite cocktail?
If I use my regular cheesecak recipe and put peanut butter in it, will it turn out ok?
is it too late to freeze turkey that has been in the fridge 4 days?
What is your favorite pie with a graham cracker crust?
Pie filling. Any ideas?
How do you get chilli of your hands?
Does anyone know of some good smoothie recipes?
How to adjust a tart recipe for a different size pan?
why is it when I drink lager and wine it tastes horrible?
Drinking bubble tea cause cancer, is it real?
Would you consider crysal light energy to be classified as an energy drink?
can i boil a ham now and then roast it in a few days?
Is it just me or is a smoked salmon and Philadelphia cheese sandwich the best sandwich ever made?
any resipes or advice for dehydrating?
Is my friend an alcoholic?
First time going to a high school party?
What can you mix with vodka to reduce the flavour?
Health effects of drinking Cider? (white storm)?
Beer keg or beer bottles for Christmas?
Living a Vegan lifestyle?
Cheese for a dinner party?
Does anyone know an old fashioned corn bread recipe that is dripping with honey?
Anyone know where I can get Bael Fruit tea?
is vegetable healthier than fruit?
What is a Derringer (Coffee Beverage)?
Is it against the law to sell health information if you don't have a medical degree?
I am looking for a recipe which I've misplaced, for Peanut Butter, Rice Krispies Squares?
Are Cattails A Turn Off?
Anybody knows how to make the mee rebus soup base ?
Anybody knows how to make the mee rebus soup base ?
What ingredients you need to make the pasembor chili gravy?
How to make those flour fritters with onions and green chilies in Indian mee goreng ?
What are the ingredients to make an Indian rojak sauce ?
Is it ok to eat something the same day it goes out of date?
What cake should i make for my birthday?
Anyone has good recipes for SALTY, NON-SWEET cookies?
Can food combinations make you sick?
Advise please on making apple pie ahead of time?
To all food lovers out there...?
What's nicer for Christmas Eve chocolate covered pretzels, peppermint truffles or butter toffee brickle?
I want to make new apple id?
Real bottle of champagne \dom perignon\?
Do S30 and 8g Pressure barrel valves rust if left outside?
i have a button mushroom that have black gilles?is it good to eat?
any one have a recipe for green beans with olive oil dressing?
Which is the best alcohol to have when you have little cold(it's a party I have no choice)?
What should I make for a breakfast potluck?
Could I live for a week on Wagon Wheels?
Why do I crave sweets as a vegetarian runner?
Do you personally do this when following a recipe?
Where can I buy Bundaberg Rum in Wandsworth (or nearby)?
Is it okay to drink milk after drinking a shot of red wine?
Are swiss guys really romantic?
How to recover quickly after drinking?
Is cheap green tea necessarily bad green tea?
what is the difference between whiskey and bourbon?
Can whole carrots and swede chunks be baked in a microwave whilst baking potatoes?
is it ok to have cider and wine at a party?
When does opened carton milk go bad? I store it in a refrigerator.?
What are sauces that I can use with pasta besides cheese, tomato sauce, and that white alfredo sauce?
Constant hunger??????
Is it cool to hit bars and clubs alone?
Why is all the food i leave out in my apartment going bad?
How hard is it to drink underage on a cruise?
What's a warm salad?
Feel nauseous after drinking?
whats the best way to prepare BBQ?
Do chinese use ovens?
How to get rid of acidity?
Cooking related question.?
When do we eat eggplant?
Pl. show me the preparation of Loki juice and it's benefits too? How to make Loki juice?
Where to buy fresh seafood in the vaal?
Need a 3rd verorab shot but it is not available in Germany. Is rabipur ok if my 1st 2 shots were verorab?
In which oil do you cook ur food at home ?
Why is it supposed to be wrong to pour boiling water onto coffee in a cafetiere?
What kind of coffee might I like?
What gets you your gas release and guarantees to empty a room?
Is my closet an OK place to store my wine?
Is there anything I can do dietary wise to enhance after workout recovery?
Does anyone ever walk into there kitchen and step on iced tea powder bear foot?
What is the 17 spice recipe for Outback Steakhouse steaks?
Chocolate cake or fruit cake?
Chicken on carrots, celery and onions?
what happens if you mix an energy drink with a protein drink?
Is the Keurig a good investment?
Do I need baking powder in my cake?
Why are there so many German beer and beverage companies in America like Budweiser, Lenenkugel, etc.?
When and from where are POMEGRANATES *best*?
Why would I drink this scotch?
In what dishes can I make with Kebabs?
How long will brownies stay fresh in an air tight container?
How much does a single malteser weigh?
should i make a complain to bud light?
Are you drinking an alcoholic beverage right now? If so, what?
How long would I bake a 18lb turkey in a roasting bag & what temp should I set the temp on also for how long .?
I want to buy malt powder. Which section of the grocery store would I find it in?
Which is the best site to deliver bulk lindt balls in Australia ?
Is it normal to go pee after you drink water?
How do I tell my parants I want to be a vegetarian?
I could really use some advise on building a moonshine still. Can I put two thump kegs?
CAN I USE ONE COAL FOR A SHORT HOOKAH SESSION AND CAN I RE-USE THE COAL?
Is it illegal to use my hookah pen indoors in California ?
Can steamed minced pork in won tons still be slightly pink?
Really fast, easy, healthy, tasty meals to cook?
Why my rasgulla's came out hard and flat?
Price of johnnie walker red label and Jack Daniel's in pondicherry?
Is it true that smoking age in NY state is 21 now?
Hi I tried to make Christmas cake, what went wrong?
office holiday party?
What do I mix pinnacle cotton candy vodka with!?!? Or do I just drink it like that!?!?
Can i use honey and tribulus terristris together?
Turron de jijona calidad suprema authentic recipe PLEASE!?
wrongly added more ginger spicy to my dish, How to remove more ginger taste in my cooked receipe.?
Desserts to make from easy ingredients?
Esserts to make from easy ingredients?
esserts to make from easy ingredients?
In n out burger. How to order?
How do we know if it is safe to drink organic green tea from China. I have fear that there may be lead in ther?
I left beer out in the freezing cold for a month...?
Does anybody have a recipe, or a link to a recipe, for a small batch of oatmeal chocolate chip cookies?
What is the difference between vitamin d supplements and the vitamin d you get in milk?
Bugs in cookies ?? Still safe?
Cooked flour buttercream?
What's a good substitute for bread?
Why do I drink so much coffee?
Is Busch in the same class as Budweiser, because people like telling me that it's cheap & not a real beer?
What is your least favorite fruit and your favorite fruit?
What is your favorite dessert that contains peppermint?
What's your favorite pleasure food?
Is Yoplait yogurt healthy?
Do you like food from other countries? If yes, which do you like the most?
What time is dinner time for you?
What are your favorite and least favorite things about cooking?
Anyone heard of an allergy (or food sensitivity) to malt in crackers causing headaches?
What is your fave drink and what is it?
I dont normally release gas, But Whenever i eat something that contains egg I GO OFF like crazy!?
Typical breakfast for an American family?
What are the size and prices of marijuana?
What can I substitute for goat milk yogurt?
can lifeway kefir give you detox symtpoms?
Do you have a good Holiday alcoholic drink recipe to fit my needs?
is it safe to eat \Resers\ macaroni salad it was recalled back in nov. 3rd?
Is it bad to have too much spicy chips?
Is there a recipe that makes wheatgrass tasty?
Onion and garlic??? Yes or no?
How does potato milk taste? Is it decent for just drinking?
How to I color marzipan?
Do u like peanut butter or jelly?
How to cut a moist cake?
What wetstone do I pick?
What has been your ‘Perfect Coffee Moment'?
I seasoned my supper with Lipton(r) tea. What sort of effect should I expect?
how to make trashcan punch help!!!?
First time drinking and its Bailey's Irish Cream?
Can I eat my cold pizza?
how many beers would a shot of sour puss be equal to?
do you like spicy food?
Is it okay to give win as a gift to my bus driver?
how do you smoke but not inhale it?
Is it okay to eat covered food from the trash?
What ethnicity made hamburg soup?
Anwser the following pictures????
When distilling alcohol if you are trying to track the temperature is it the gas or water temperature?
Do you like this idea for a bachelorette party?
Does bourbon taste better than Scotch?
Which is better or are Sweet potatoes and Yams the same thing?
Why don't I feel like eating?
need advice for first time drinking(read)?
Why does liquor make me nauseous ?
My dad has been an alcoholic for five years now! Any help?
What are some long lasting healthy foods?
I ate raw meat, will I get sick?
unique sweet 16 themes?
Is it ok if I gargle with expired baking soda?
Do I have to attend my own birthday party?
Rigotta cheese went bad only 3 days after opening. Is this normal?
Is these normal side-effects of DXM/DPH?
Does butter get more fattier when heated?
Pak choi: does it work well in say a black bean or sweet and sour pork stir fry?
Cheapest online site for spice?
How should I decorate this cake for a family Christmas party?
Johnnie Walker Red or Maker's Mark?
How do you prefer Onion Rings cut Thin or Cut Thick?
Can mastic gum really make you able to drink again?
will buttercream adhere to ganache?
Whats so wrong about eating healthy?
Should we make two packages of noodles?
Do you like eating Onion Rings but don't like eating onions except when onions are made into Onion Rings?
I put a plastic plate with food in the microwave, is this dangerous?
Is it bad to drink from ALL plastic water bottles?
Is there a brand of commercial cookie dough that is for sure safe to eat raw?
Is Soup considered a Meal?
Why is haagen daaz so expensive?
Icing for cookies and a cake problem?
whats is a legit site to buy a bong?
What is the quality of fruit like where you are?
Pumpkin Pie or Sweet Potato Pie?
can i froze my pufferfish?
where to get cheap absinthe online?
Any pasta recipes that don't need to be refrigerated?
Can you put instant yeast in water anyways?
How to make a drink more fizzy than alcoholic?
Very difficult/impressive desserts?
How bad is Crisco (bar) for you?
Can your body be dependant on a certain type of alcohol?
what dish is better for an office holiday party?
fudge & no marshmallow & evaporated milk?
What are import fruits season to the states?
Is this normal or not?
Is there steps to becoming a vegetarian?
Have Hovis reduced the size of their loaves and reduced thickness of slices?
Do I make the Hooter image?
Name that product: apple cider that comes in a tea bag?
Is there a name for a cocktail made from vodka, orange juice, pineapple juice, and simple syrup?
Coors light: What kind of beer is it?
who is the authorized distributor of vino maconi wine in Nigeria?
How Much Is Sea Salt?
How to measure 3 tbsp with measuring cup?
what are some legal stimulants to help boost energy ? (besides caffeine) ?
What is it like being a Hooter girl?
I fixed poatoe soup a couple days ago and put it in the fridge and now (2 days later) It has a cottage cheese?
When should I ice a cake, how long will it last?
Where could i find these lays frito chips?
do you like to eat OREO cookies?
What kind of olives are used in martinis?
Where can I buy Labatts Blue beer?
Can quitting a strict diet soda intake and drinking water result in...?
how long do cooked sasages last in fridge?
Looking for recipe or correct spelling of the name \yah-mah-zey\?
Alcohol and Beer is disgusting to me?
Can I just throw cooled boiled eggs in pickle juice to make pickled eggs? And how long do I leave them in ther?
What to serve with a pumpkin spice loaf?
how many cups of powdered suger equal 1 pound?
Does anyone have any easy, tasty, and fast recipes?
Dirt cheap Paleo recipe ideas?
How the heck do I poach an egg.?
how to cook a fish for a diabetic person?
can someone recommend a good coffee machine?
how do I get information regarding a picture i saw- i.e. recipe?
10 Points, How to throw a party?
Does drinking a lot of tea make you gain weight?
Does someone eat Bloddwurst?
Cast iron pros and cons with cook wear?
Is Cruz de Malta's yerba mate smoked or unsmoked?
Is okay to feel still nausea a couple of days after getting really drunk for the first time ?
Have you ever seen any spanish seafood paella recipe with agaricus bisporus mushrooms?
how to keep leftover angel hair from drying out in the fridge?
I'm a vegan. What will help me to not eat meat?
drinking a bottle of voodka spoils health?
Is it okay to drink Apple cider vinegar while pregnant?
Could you get enough meat nutrition as a vegetarian by eating eggs every meal?
if i filled my flask with white wine, will that get me drunk?
how can i bake cake in micowav oven wth feturs lik grill ,(combi1, 2, 3),defrost ,medium and high?
I need help finding a replacement juice glass.?
Would it be ok to use chicken stock in a boiled dinner of ham?
Would you go to this party?
What are some negative affects of the energy drink Monster?
What do you guys think about this flavor: Pomegranate Lemonade?
What does dividing and, seperating mean in a food recipe?
How would you dispose of a mountain of cheese?
How do I check whether protein powder is original or fake?
I am making Beef stew & it calls for 1/3 cup instant tapioca. I want to use cornstarch How much do I use?
Does sweet tea have caffeine?
am i a alcoholic or not?
How much should a dub of B grade weed ($20) last for a lightweight?
By mistek childrens take an drink ? its a poison or what?
Despicable me minion cookies/cupcake recipe?
Can Pepsi cause diabetes?
How many glasses of 22% alcohol port wine would this be equal to?
If Regular bread is a card, and is flour?
Should i continue to drink Pepsi or not?
By mistek childrens take an drink ? its a poison or what or totaly daed?
Should I still eat six small meals throughout the day hungry or not?
Is lamb on current American market small sheep or adult sheep?
Blenders pride rare premium whisky or signature?
How can I make a tater tot casserole without meat?
Why do scientists say pastry is fattier than the larger and harder cucumbers, for example?
what age should I start drinking beer?
Should we outlaw alcohol in the USA in an effort to reduce alcohol abuse and alcoholism?
I'm looking for a recipe for a \AMOUTHMAZIA CAKE\?? anybody can you help me find one?
Recipe for fondant for modeling for a beginner !?
What are the two most common mistakes people make when baking a cake and how to correct them?
How long can homemade applesauce refrigerated?
Is there any particular purpose to adding cream/milk to coffee? Is this just for taste?
What can i make with hamburger meat and noodles?
New Years Party ideas for teens?
do singers drink soda or eat ice cream?
Is coffee OK For young kids?
I dont wanna go to this party, but i kinda have to ?
I'm a chocolate biscotti and when I try to form it into a log it's way too crumbly.?
La Maison d'Absinthe absinthe sugar cubes?
Cocktail gift basket ideas with flavored Vodkas?
I've never been drunk before, but I was wondering, can I go to a party get drunk and come home not?
Will 750 ml bottles of beer get you drunk?
Is there any difference between sunflower oils?
Why does everyone say cheese comes from cows? Cows make milk?!?
Easy dinner/supper to make for Grandparents?
What should I do If I'm trying to lose weight and get healthy, but mother buys junk food which just spoils?
What is the best way to cook corn on the cob?
Can I eat bananas and cabbage leaves at same time?
Is The energy drink \Mother\ Bad for Me?
Can the taste of coconuts differ much?
How much is this wine?
15 ml = how many half pints?
Does cool whip cookies have to be refrigerated? The kind that have the cool whip baked in the recipe?
Is watermelon fruit or vegetable?
thank you for making me joying?
Best tasting meat(s) / fish / bird you can come up with?
Simple and healthy recipes?
Cornbread without dairy products?
For those who drink Green Tea on a daily how long does the Caffeine in the tea wears off & out of the system?
I'm sending some baked goods to my son's teachers for Christmas?
liquor store on Blair Road NE?
What's good to drink with French toast?
urdu liquor bar name starting from alphabet S?
Is it common that someone with alcoholism chooses to go sober?
catchy name of Liquor bar?
French or Japanese cuisine?
Why is alcohol expensive?
Is a Barista a skilled role?
Best tasting Italian coffee availbale in Ireland?
Is smoked tea unhealthy?
What would you serve with Cottage Pie?
Does anyone know the recipie and steps to make the m&s emmental and mushroom tostie?
Hello Everyone please help me how to my fat loss i'm very healthy?
Questions about Cultural Globalization in the US?
What type of food is eaten in America and the UK at weddings?
Vegetarian - eating meat, eggs fish when it has already been prepared?
Trying to cook Indian chicken curry with potatoes......?
what alcoholic drinks dont put on weight?
is it good to have energy drinks and why?
What is a tactfull way of calling someone a health nut?
is there a nonrefrigerated truffle recipe?
what wine is picture half showing?
So much pain can't sleep ): what long term injuries can alcohol poisoning cause?
Can Xanthan gum be added into a already pre-made gluten-free flour with guar gum?
How many hours will 2litre bottles of saltwater take to turn to ice in a freezer?
Will I get sick from this apple juice ?
Other drugs like alcohol , with anxiolytic and euphoric effect?
How do i increase my appetite?
No Sweet Condensed Milk!?
What's a high calorie dense food to eat?
What the maximum number of plates of food you have eaten in one day?
You can start a fire if you have alcohol, petrol, kerosene, paper, candle, coke, a full matchbox and a piece o?
how much r candy bags at safeway?
Does any one remember the Oscar Mayer Subs?
By what process is an alcohol residue in an ester replaced by another residue?
Is virgin eggnog bad for you?
what are good vegetarian meals that don't have tofu in them ?
Did I ruin my cans of sweetened condensed milk?
How to do a Vapor pen mod?
Can tums make alcohol less harsh on the stomach?
Could someone adjust this recipe for me?
Where can I get a cheap hookah?
House party with only 20 people?
simple smothered shrimp recipe?
What Medical Conditions, if any, force the consumption of animal products?
Why are oranges sour now?
Cake ideas for christmas?
Why do chefs sprinkle this white powder on the kitchen's floor?
edible glue recipes? please help?
Should I store my pot roast in the liquid?
Im 15 and got wasted and would like to figure out as much as possible wat happened that nigh?
why do we eat noodles?
Starbucks Australia Gold Level?
how to make coffee? ..?
If I stop eating cheese will I lose any health benefits?
I soaked my lentils for too long.?
What's the best, safest, website to buy hookah tobacco?
im wanting to start up a taste test to see if random people would like my baking. How do i go about doing that?
where can i buy cranberry sprite?
Can I use baking powder instead of bicarbonate of soda in this recipe?
Healthy Oatmeal recipes without microwave!!?
Is it gross if I use toilet paper instead of paper towel?
Do you think i could eat a party sized pizza?
can hangover symptoms happen before going to sleep?
How many calories in a \Piccadilly\?
What happens if you drink champange everyday!?!?
bartending certification?
How many half liter bottles of water would I have to drink to make it 1 gallon of water?
When you smell Cinnamon what does it remind you of?
Why Do People Care If We Eat Animals Bred To Be Eaten?
Making e-liquid with vanilla extract?
If I'm drinking alcohol and eating at same time or after why can't I get drunk?
What country invented Borsche?
Where can i buy fresh Taro leaves for cooking in Singapore please?
What types of non-alcoholic drinks go well with cylinder drinking glasses?
Looking for vegan food substitutes?
I'm a cancer survivor! I love cola! Ive heard colas bad for u but I love it! What r other options?
Is hummus dairy free?
Is hummus gluten free?
feel different after smoking weed? 5 points for best answer?
I think I may have alcohol poisoning, and I don't know what to do.?
What should I snack on (vegan)?
I made some funnel cakes, but it turn out really greasy why?
If a chronic alcoholic did 5 shots, and a non drinker with the same body composition did 5 shots, same BAC?
icing made without powdered sugar?
how many episodes are in a season of americas got talent?
icing made without powdered sugar?
Where can I buy a large plastic, circular cake courier?
Dunkin Donuts Hot Chocolate..large cup a day, good / bad ?
Which Coca-Cola 12 Pack Brand is the healthiest?
what should I cook with ground bear?
Good entree ideas for christmas party?
Is 5 grams of weed good for $30?
VEGANS: do you think having pets is immoral?
I'm in need of some cookie exchange easy recipes?? I'm having the hardest time finding some online..?
Does Schweppes Lemon, Lime and Bitters contain ANY alcohol?
Can I soak vodka gummy bears for more than 24 hours?
What is French icing?
how many calories are in this recipe?
What types of Chocolate is milk chocolate?
Difference between omelate and eggs?
How to make a plain omelate?
Apple pie recipe, any ideas?
Why is the bun my Big Mac comes in so much worse than the bread at the baker?
How do I make teriyaki type sauce from scratch? I NEED HELP NOW!!?
can you use oil in no bake cookies instead f butter has anyone tried that before?
looking for this glass set for a friend.?
Cooking suggestion: cold vegetable dish? Not a salad?
New candy ideas for an exam?
Protein shakes do they work?
Recipe for mexican birria?
Chicken Fried Rice? Baked Ziti? Or Pastrami Sandwich for Dinner?
Looking for a roll recipe!?
When people say that they had to stop being Vegetarian or Vegan and start eating meat again?
Should a 14 year old take vitamin D/B12 and iron supplements? (Vegetarian)?
Healthy holiday meal ideas for entertaining good family friends?
Vegan Korean recipes!?
Are alfalfa sprouts recalled forever?
Yummy Foods with copper?
Chicken, how to tell when its expired?
What is your recipe for potato soup?
if you unregister starbucks card, does it still have the money on it?
Can I add oats to a cookie recipe that doesn't call for it?
where can i find a soy milk maker in laredo texas? i want a NEW ONE TO BUY IT?
What can i cook with just a hob?
What can I use to make strawberry flambé ?
Are spinach and cheese jumbo shells pasta better with marinara sauce or alfredo sauce?
Why is my soda going flat so quickly in the fridge?
What Does She Put In My Tea?
What's a faster way to boil eggs?
how much is crown royal whiskey?
what does it mean....?
Healthy tasty recipes?
Could I lose major weight if I ate nothing but vegetable soup everyday?
Can you fly wine into philadelphia?
What good seeds are there to crush and use in cooking?
I bought a bag of boneless popcorn chicken an bit into a piece an I bit a bone.do I have a lawsuit.?
I feel sick off custard creams, what should I do?
Why did my strawberry cupcakes turn out gooey in the middle?
Will my surgery go ok?
How affective is it when people cut ties with an alcoholic until they get help?
Tassimo T65 Fidelia Plus Multi Drinks Machine?
I'm scrawny, help!?
How do you cook unleaved bread. Or bread with no yeast using the standard flour?
How do you make Hard Cheese from Goat's milk?
Roasted vegetables suggestions?
Are oblaten and oplatek the same thing?
What Fruit do you Like best Dipped in Chocolate?
how much does 1lb of sausage normally cost?
Having a potluck don't know what to bring ?
Why doesn't the tomato go into a fruit salad?
Would my funnel cake turn out right with Baking Powder or Baking Soda?
What is Trappist beer like? Is it really worth trying to get?
foodstamps when pregnant?????????
What should I bring for our party tomorrow?
How to cook Bear burgers?
Good candy bar names?
Is it bad to eat too much strawberries?
Why wont my electric smoker burn the wood chips?
expired mayo and making deviled eggs?
How do you clean a spiral gumball machine?
Where is a quiet place for coffee in San Diego?
What exact country did Shawarma originate in?
can someone be born with a high alcohol tolerance?
How much liquid to put in crock pot for pot roast? :)?
Have you Tried the new Cheeseburger Spaghetti o's?
Is it normal to drink wine every night?
Are ther people in their twenties that blackout drunk, party and binge drink.?
I'm about to cook ground deer meat for the first time ever. Any suggestions on what to do with it?
What is being a chef really like?
Which wine do you recommend i buy for Christmas party?
i had a few beers and whole bottle of ice vodka for my 18 but dont remmber being drunk?
Crispy, tender, juicy fried chicken?
How to store a stuffed avocado?
Is there a such thing as meat intolerence?
dunkin donuts hot coffee?
How do you store meat after getting it home?
Why doesn't the can explode?
What's the % alcohol strength in a glass of Martini?
Function of ingredients in shortbread?
Function of ingredients in shortbread?
Food/drink that boosts energy?
Can I make cabernet marinara into a meat sauce?
Why is there a black stripe on my red apple?
foods that give you gas?
Need a recipe for chocolate cupcakes?
Paracetemol please answer?
How much should I charge for the coffee?
how should i refrigerate a sandwich?
Help with chocolate!?
How should i refrigerate a sandwich?
What is Aldi food actually like?
How long will the no bake chocolate oatmeal cookies stay in a air tight cookie tin?
How long does cider take to kick in?
How much alcohol will I be able to drink?
If any discount wine shop has mostly private label wines up to 75 percent of the wines in the store?
Trying a vegan diet - need some guidance.?
Will one 40 oz bud light get me drunk?
Where can I buy the danish alcohol Fisk?
can i use coriander seeds instead of recao?
Good starter recipes for teenager?
advantages and disadvantages of eating bacon while pregnan?
my girlfriend discovered hot chocolate and baileys with cream yesterday?
What options are there for Vegan cheese?
What would be a good bottle of Moscato to get for my boyfriends birthday dinner?
How to smuggle alcohol to a Christmas celebration?
will the cheese melt on my nachos in the microwave the way it would in the oven or will the nachos soften?
Where to buy organic strawberry oil?
I swalloed foil, will i die?
Creating a meal based on MyPlate requirements?
Where to have a 17th Birthday Party?
What herbs go best with chicken?
how to make vegan steak?
if i kept a lid on the ice cream can i eat it 4 days later?
So you mean it's life threatening and what is the cause and which foods are best to eat and avoid?
how long should i soak dry pinto beans?
Is cheese in milk or made out of milk?
i would like to do a party for my daughter who will be turning 21 where can i rent a hall for cheap to do it?
How much sugar should I eat?
What is the staple of a vegetarian's diet?
What should i talk about?
what else can I fillet besides minyan and fish? Is fillet-a-turkey a thing for example?
How many grams of sugar would a 15 year old girl that weighs approx. 125 pounds get in a day?
wich is healthier cow or chicken?
what will happen if you put cookies in the refrigerator for 48 hours?
how hard is it to go vegeterian?
Can 1 bacardi breezer get u drunk if it's mixed with fruit juice ?
Do you eat like a pig before your period?
How intoxicating is a bacardi breezer ?
my friends making me pay 12 bucks for dip?
Can I prepare food and put it in a crockpot two days prior to when I need to cook it?
Can I melt cheddar into a tomato sauce?
What is the best night cap as in a drink to take please?
Chicken Katsu Curry OR Chicken Adobo?
What is the most concentrated codeine product in England ? Preferably in syrup.?
How come beer can spoil/grow mold yet most other alcoholic beverages cannot?
What cake to make for a best friend?
Can the cafe vanilla frap from Starbucks be vegan?
How much liquor and soda should I buy for wedding for 55 people?
Is old bottled water safe?
swiss meringue and italian meringue buttercream?
Flavored Weed/Bud? I know it's the way it's grown could taste fruity. But is there a spray?
Food Science: Freezing foods?
If i used store bought cookies and brownie mix would it taste nice together?
why baking powder and baking soda are added to recipes in baking?
Does drinking pop, (even sugar free with aspertame), make you put on weight?
best way to cook a 4.75kg gammon to serve cold?
Can you put mayonnaise on toast?
What is interesting about Indonesian Food ?
Ventura ca can you go after a store for drinks I got some zero drinks a poped one open and in front of a lot?
I'm terrified of the Panera Bread register screen and I have 2 days to learn how to use it, help anyone?
Can you help me for a graduate research project about cognac in the USA ?
Value of Metaxa from 1988?
What do you like in cupcakes?
If you had 10g of caffeine in one go would you have a heart attack?
How to make really light, fluffy biscuits?
What are some healthy, quick & easy to make meals for someone trying to get fit for the military?
can you use icing sugar instead of caster sugar?
Built in Freezer and cooler?
Are Beddar with Cheddar brats ok to eat after 7 days in the fridge?
If milk is still allowed to be sold, should't it be raw and organic?
If you made a cake using mtn dew and put it in the oven when you take it out would the caffeine still be in it?
does anyone else just love the Macallan 12 more than the pricier 15? Why? but the 18 is the best.?
help how do I MAKE cake go dry fast?
how can i make biscuits without shortening?
how can i make biscuits without shortening?
What are some cheap dinner recipes that don't include chicken or green beans?
soy products and lack of testosterone?
What meats are good to put in fettuccine alfredo besides chicken, and is still cheap?
What is your favorite way to make egg salad?
WHAT HAPPENS IF YOU DRINK SPOILED ALMOND MILK?
How much will it take to get me drunk?
Comparrison of vodka and white zinfandel?
Can we add more grapes to the pot which we have kept for making wine that already contain all the contents?
what can i eat to help me stay looking young?
Anyone out there have a good recipe for a delicious fruity rum cake that's easy?
i sprayed Oust air sanatizer near by my tea kettle?
What does it take to work at Chipotle?
How much Jägermeister would I need to consume to equal the amount of Alcohol in half a glass of WIne?
What Sandwich do you Like Best?
How much Jägermeister would I need to consume to equal the amount of Alcohol in half a glass of WIne?
How To Make Vodka At Home ?
where is the best place to find a 15.5 gal. stainles steel beer keg?
What is this food called? Involves potato/cheese dough rolled in egg and breadcrumbs, maybe UK origin?
Sausage Egg & cheese on an English muffin? A bowl of Special k Cereal? Or a Cherry Cheese Danish For breakfast?
HOw much alcohol in half a glass of Wine?
how many milliliters in 2.125 liters?
Can someone recommend me a tea for sleeping?
How can I eat more vegetables?
Sausage Egg & cheese on an English muffin? A bowl of Special k Cereal? Or a Cherry Cheese Danish For breakfast?
what are those store bought frosting cookies called?
How many boxes of vanilla cake are sold each day?
VEGANS: what do you say when...?
Wine gives me Headache?
How the 18'th century gin taste like?
Creating a meal based on MyPlate requirements?
Can you be so drunk that you can not move your entire body?
how can i apply for new ayurvedha medicine licence,what are the rules of india government?
How should you eat tuna?
clear diet before colonscope?
How to use springform pan with santa pic?
I have some questions related with drinking bear.?
Is there any truth to the old legend that the brown crust on bread is healthier than the white middle?
does crushing fruit make it sugary especially banana?
what is best 4 selling food product in clg stall ?
How to roast carrots, parsnips and broccoli?
Can drinking a lot of coffee cause dark urine?
looking for holiday beer with cinnamon, cloves, apple and citrus, and nothing else.(wassil)?
NBC today recipe from this morning?
Should I drink coffee on the day of my exams?
What do they call Jelly Babies in America?
Is it normal to feel extra tired after coffee?
What is cassiatoralinne tea used for?
Would anyone have a great pesto pasta recipe?
How Much Vodka Causes Alcohol Poisoning?
which one is more beneficial for health, red wine or white wine? let me know the reason?
I am looking for a recipe on Yahoo shine:FrToast hash brownsausage crumble casserole.?
blacked out after only drinking a little?
How many drinks is to far?
Thai red curry with packet marinade?
Why was my lemon curd in my lemon meringue runny?
Have you ever put butter on a Poptart?
Whole milk is tastier & healthier.then why people preferring skimmed or semi skimmed milk?
Is it not good to use chopsticks with left hand?
Does weed lower your drive?
What is a good and unique name for cheesecake IN JAR?
is the nutri bullet food extractor a great blender?
is the nutri bullet food extractor a great blender?
how do i make chicken?
which is more expensive in Australia, beef or pork?
What should I eat for breakfast?
Where does the some of the best beef/meat come from?
does african mango lean work ?
recipe for glass candy with no corn syrup?
Selling frozen foods past there use by date?
What icing will harden enough to draw on with edible markers?
Difference between brandy and whisky?
Can we freeze and eat prawns?
A free range chicken means how many chickens per square?
How can I make myself eat many plates of food?
Are Raw, Unpasteurized Almonds safe to eat?
Should I switch from a coffee in the morning to a Vanilla Coke?
Can I use a circular cookie cutter to make an egg patty?
Is my crockpot stew safe to eat and can I freeze it later?
where can i buy virgin coconut oil?
Are yellow carrots edible?
What kind of beer did Stompin' Tom Connors drink?
They have me starting tomorrow as opener and I'll be by myself at starbucks?
Best food processor 2013?
is there anyway to make the rice cripies more crunchy?
are shisha time pens halal?
I work at Starbucks and I want to know how to open by myself?
How much does Turkey Wings Cost ??? At walmart or Jewels?
Small, quiet snack foods?
I just drank this nestles coffee that expires on July 2011 is that bad?
Coffee in General makes me sick, keeps me up all night in a bad way?
what would be the effects of 10 green tea bags in one cup?
is it ok for me to drink a can of soda each day?
Is it normal to put spaghetti sauce on nachos?
Broccoli and cheese casserole recipes?
If I drink 99 apples straight up... Will it be strong?
For how long is chicken good for in the fridge after it is boiled?
does anyone know a recipe close enough to this one?
Who invented the KFC recipe?
in home birthday party ideas?
What can I make with fresh passionfruits?
If you have a couple of drinks. How would that affect you?
Are pecans in the shell still good after sitting under ice and snow?
Paleo snack recipe???????????
Best personal Keurig?
What do you like better Regular Coke or Coke Zero or Pepsi or Pepsi Max?
How much should I charge for a dozen