How to stay on a diet?
would stress cause blurred vision?
What are some ways to control hunger?
how to stop being addicted to food ?
I've had to many periods this month.?
Can 13 year olds join the gym at east durham college?
Shud i get a cap? PLEASE HELP?
Puberty is starting + Lonely?
If a guy goes days without coming, does he cum more when he actually does cum?
can you be on wellbutrin if your already taking prozac and lithium?
What Are Sedatives And Opiates?
When does staring or looking at women become categorized as sexual harrassment?
Is my Period tracker app messed up?
What to do if people falsely start accusing a man of sexual harrassment and filming him secretly for proof?
Can I make my penis bigger with natural penis enlargement exercises?
What to do if suddenly women in group come together to ostracize and beat me with false accusations?
what supersets should i do with triceps and biceps?
The difference between passing out and fainting?
How do i get rid of nausea?
What happened to me? Please help me?
Is it okay to exercise on period?
My period hasnt came for 3 months ?
lose my belly fat and gain muscle?
Why is the thought of dying the only thing that makes me happy?
I'm 16 years old and im almost 6'1\ tall,how tall will i be?What is my adult height?
does my child have ADHD OR ADD?
Help with working out, i'm 15!?
Did i screw up my braces?
What should I do to reduce my weight?
What does it mean if you get white creamy stuff inside your vagina?
Do I have allergic reaction to soy milk?
diet and weight loss issues?
Losing weight/ getting fit?
Is this pre-ejaculation?
I had unprotected sex & I started to bleed the next day ?
How to gain muscle without the use of weights? If there is a way?
Talking to my therapist...?
do the plank exercise?
Something wrong with my penis glans...?
How can I lose 10 pounds fast?
Is there a correlation between color blindness and cataracs?
Men will you use reversible male birth control when it becomes available 2015-2016?
Is it possible to cure inguinal hernia without surgery?
I'm i mentally wrong for wanting a man like this please any advice!!?
Will i gain weight because of today?
just found out I have scabies!!!?
Left lower side of stomach pain help!?
Please make it clear.. Is this normal when going thru flu?
when dentist removes stitches from wisdom tooth extraction does it bleed?
I really need to poop but it hurts too bad.?
If you smoke weed out of a vape-pen (portable vaporizer pen) will you still ingest the drug nicotine?
I have random urges to kill people and it scares me.?
Social anxiety problems?
my mom wont let me brush my teeth?
How to tone arms for a teenager?
Robitussin/dextromethorphan help?
I need someone to bust this myth already ?
If I shined a laser on the side of my eye, could that blind me?
How can I take better care of my body?
I have been suffering from serious pains on my legs and waist?
Please awnser!! Question about down there. (Girls only)?
My \monthly gift\ is only coming after every two months.?
Why do I keep craving more food when I am on this diet and working out?
How can I find a good psychiatrist who specializes in ADD/ADHD in my area?
If I'm 14, 5'5, and 110 pounds, do I qualify as \fat\ or whatever? It sure feels like it.?
Do i have autism or something? please read all?
How do you give yourself a black eye?
I would like to know if I could be in army. I am only in 10th grade. I'm 6-1 160 lbs. and fairly skinny.?
personal*** is my penis size good?
PLEASE HELP ME STOP CUTTING!!!?
Does this happen to anyone but me?
Can you take a bath on your period?
Am I eligible for a Make-A-Wish?
Am I eligible for Make-A-Wish Foundation?
is it wrong to seek help from 2 doctors about the same problem?
Why the hell am I so giant?
Chemotherapy advice????,?
Can I grow taller and how much taller?
Things I can do in my room to work on my legs and abs?
Does getting a wart removed using freezing/liquid nitrogen hurt?
What are your favorite healthy foods?
I'm scared to meet the boy I really like in person for the first ever time...?
Lifestyle, Once Again?
can you use regular vinegar to remove a mole?
I started Norgestimate birth control 4 days ago. My period starts a week from today. ..?
What could this pain be ?
does smoking weed cause pimples?
Cat with diabetic count of 600 and rising weekly! Help?
So i was playing around with a Knife.?
Do I have epilepsy? Are theses signs>?
mom tells me im fat all the time, need some help?
Is discharge always RIGHT under/ by the vagina?
Dips progression for dips station?
Glue ontop of teeth for braces?
Is there another form of the Ipecac that you can buy OTC?
For about 4 months I have never been able to sleep without using my iphone in bed. Is it bad+How to stop it?
I had a huge binge please help?
Will I be 6' tall? (Girl)?
Is it better to brush first and then floss or the other way around?
Eating problems? How to eat more?
Tripping out on weed?
How can I tell a teacher I self harm?
Another circumcision question, just a few queries?! Please help me???!!!!!?
Okay, so am I in any relative danger?
My lipoma is stopping me from doing many thing !?
I haven't pooped for 4 days? Am I constipated?
how long til i start my period.?
Does shoe size correspond with the size of your penis?
My throat still hurts?
I need to lose about 150 lbs?
Can you really get the stomach flu from a dog? Especially an indoor dog?
What can I do to control my temper?
why does my spine stick out?
How long do people keep braces on?
Why haven't i got my period?!?
What sort of blades are there to selfharm with ?
Why do some people not brush their teeth?
Will I gain weight ? Worried?
How do I become a better person? How do I let go of my past?
how can you tell when lithium starts working?
My erection goes away shortly with my girlfriend? Need help please.?
Germs and sanitation?
I have man boobs but not massive ones and I bench press?
what job description helps kids who deal with depression and anxiety?
Ways to stay healthy in the winter?
Does tongue piercing hurt?
I think I need help?
How long do root canals hurt for?
what should you do if you haven't started your period for like almost 2 months?
Is it ok to have thoughts of suicide evey now and then?
I accidentally cut off my both my thumbs what do i do?
does anybody have any tips of defeating depression without medication I've heard it's possible ..?
chance i have HIV AIDS? ?
I am going for an occupational health check will they want to see my self harm?
No one ever Anserws please actually take the time to help me :(?
Wisdom teeth removal?
What could this be? Std, Sti?
why won't my doctor treat my bronchitis?
Are pistachio nuts good for a raw food diet?
I'm pregnant what does this mean?
I'm going to the gym,any tips?
The iud and ius contraception? Info needed. Asap?
Does anyone else feel this way about being a woman?
Pause in pulse after every 2 normal beats?
The Butterfly Project: HELP with my cuts!!?
I have eczema on my armpits?
What happens to your skin when bleach is poured on it?
Pain and numbness from blood pressure machine?
Why haven't I had my period?
Do feminine guys have less sex?
IM IN ALOT OF TROUBLE CAUSE I DONT EVER GO TO SCHOOL?
how to get a bigger butt?
I started sneezing up blood!?
I am hungry what should I do?
How long do germs live on a surface?
Help!!! why my thumbs keep clicking every time i bend it?
Can someone answer my question?
Can an adrenaline rush treat anxiety /depression in people?
If I did 400 push ups 200 chin ups 500 sit ups 500 squats and 20 minutes of planks in 60 days what will happen?
How to fast and lose weight?
Calf pain in my legs, help please?
How long do most guys last in bed?
Can I stop my period mid way by taking my birth control pill?
Is there never going to be a cancer cure?
I have a round bump on the leg but I don't know what it is or what caused it.?
Can someone put all of my symptoms together, please?
Kind of embarressing? Women only?
Are there any risks for a male if he receives oral sex from a girl?
Is it safe to take hair, skin, and nails pills while taking amoxicillin?
the only thing which is stopping me from suicide right now is my religion..iim hopeless and sick o fmyself.?
Why is fever such a common symptom in diseases?
Why do I still have dandruff?
Will my boobs grow more?
Why does soap kill bacteria?
What age does a girl stop growing at?
Slight injury in my knee ! 10 points for best answer! HELP!?
What can I do for natural penis enlargement?
Gradual pain onset where shoulder meets collarbone?
Experiencing sudden muscle spasms with an inability to move?
I cut myself. Is my mom gonna find out?
Is it good to cough when you have pneumonia?
How did you get a black eye?
How to lose 10 kgs in a month?
Natural ways to deal with anxiety?
Elastic tie has come off?
Am I doing it right?!?
I bought a Bullet vibrator on ebay and it came with no instructions...?
I'm 13 and I've started self harming, HELP!!!?
I think I might have ADD?
Any good lubes to use?
confused about mass gainer. anyone have any tips?
Got circumcised just over a week ago, need help :/ I don't want any anti circumcision comments please.?
I feel suicidal everyday...?
My back has been sore for 2 weeks or more why?
Is there a difference in between an orgasm and coming?
Can i be myself/live my normal life after a repeated emotional trauma?
will I ever feel normal again?
What should I do while waiting for the dentist?
How can I die without pain?
What Is a good weight for me?
I don't feel like I'm grieving?
How to get rid of back fat?
Do i need braces ....?
Do getting spacers for your braces hurt?Im kind of worried?
How to lose weight from butt only?
best exercises to Lose fat?
I daily release my sperm from my penis is it ok or will cause any type of harmful effect?
does this sound like my baby had a allergic reaction.?
How can I take care of my mouth stitches?
Bleeding when on pill now I've stopped 4 days no pill?
im extremely scared!!!!!!!!!!!?
How do you resist junk food?
Do i need braces ....?
Do i need braces ....?
Do i need braces ....?
Is it normal to feel dizzy when your period is due?
Am i going to get bashed?
Am I ovulating? Please help!?
I think i tore a muscle?
my age is 15 years old. if i ejaculates 3-4 times in a week. is there any negative impact on my health?
I need some IBS help, please?
How to prevent Prostate Cancer?
How well do condoms + spermicide work?
Curiosity about sunbeds?
Worried about my fever?
Could I lose a stone in 2 months without healthy eating?
What can I do to get rid of my acne ?
Why is my sperm always thick?
Healthy exercise routine?
Should I go to school?
Should I go to school?
it's really cold and my body's reacting so weirdly please help?
If masturation is normal than how come other animal didnt does it?
How many hours of sleep do you need to be in top shape?
Is excessive masturbation making me tired?
How to stop your period?
Social anxiety and Facebook profile picture? help?
Why do some adults still sleep with stuffed animals?
When I have sex the second time with it hurt?
How long can it take to heal a broken arm?
How many calories in this?
Red eyes, lots of eye mucus?
what are home treatment for teeth whitening if teeth are permanent yellow?
A part of my tooth has a hole in it but there is no decay of the tooth, what is it?
Any possibilities to make your boobs grow faster?
Im 16.5 i dont have facial hair and neither much hair on ma body, im depressed! wat should i do?
HELP! Trying to lose 10 lbs by Feb 5, but I'm gaining weight?
Energy drinks concerning my health?
what is the best food to take for breakfast, lunch and dinner?
Will I Gain Weight After Stopping The Pill?
tiny flaccid penis, average erect?
im 149cm 35kg girl. what will you consider that? thin, fat or normall?
Sea-Bands? Do they work?
Please Help me.........?
I HAVE A HOLE ON MY FACE AND ITS QUITE DEEP?!?
How to tell if scales are accurate?
Freaking out!!!!! What is happening to my uterus?
Hammer Curls: turning my wrist 90 degrees so my palm is facing me and then back at the top of the curl?
Green tea with fat reduce?
does meditation help?
Could I have been born without a hymen?
Seriously am I sick? what could it be!!? no nasties or comments on going to the docs.. they don't listen!?
Plz suggest any good exercise?? The best answer will get 10 points?
How can I cut without people knowing?
i have gained 5lbs in a week because i stress eat, im already obese?
Did my pills absorb or do I need another dose?
can I take just a vitamin and mineral supplement?
what is the best penis enlargement exercise?
can the sweetener Stevia be a bowel irritant in certain individuals?
Where in the eye do you have to be hit to get a black eye?
could this be period starting?
Is nine inch biceps good for a thirteen year old?
There are so many bugs in my bed, it makes me feel uncomfortable when I am sleeping?
Still a weak stomach?
How to work out the percentage of 116/118?
Why i have this weird noise in my throat?
Does drinking tea help reduce risk of heart attack? How often I should take?
Help with weight lifting?
Please help me, my period is late!!?
vagina is itchy, dry and smells. whats does that mean?
vagina is itchy, dry and smells. whats does that mean?
Is masturbating bad for your health?
Hi I recently had blood test done and the result showed that my prolactin level is very high?
Suggest some medicine for blackmarks on face?
Will the scares on my hand ever heal?
How doing squats helps to build muscles of upper body too ?
I am very afraid for no reason....?
Can a man die during marathon sex?
How can I hide the scars on my hand and will they ever heal?
Why I can't breathe?
Trying to quit smoking!?
Can I eat chocolate a day after wisdom tooth removal?
What are the Differences between the Scottish and English Mental Health Act's?
can it be help please?
Is this a sigh of puberty?
Why is my penis's head purple?
is swedish snus ( snus in general. ) healthier than using dip tobacco?
I wish I was dead :/?
How to get a pimple and blackhead free face naturally?
Do I listen to music too much? Will I go deaf?
What is the order of brushing?
I called out from my job and...?
At what point should I start to worry?
What is causing this bad taste in my mouth?
Am I pregnant or just virus?
Can you have borderline personality disorder and antisocial personality disorder?
Who are the guys om here that dont care if a girl is big or skinny?
Is it a bad idea to stop counting calories?
I would really enjoy some help right now?
How to get rid of Toe Jams.?
What are the symptoms of magnesium deficiency?
How can I change my mindset to focus on my career and only my career (at least for a little while)?
Why has my back been sore for a fortnight?
Am I emotionally detached, depressed, or all of the above?
Okay so I just want to know is this a very good sign I have an std?
Why do I only feel happy when I'm alone?
I have an extreme itch in top of my toe?
Should I immobilize my knee if an MRI confirmed bursitis with holes in the bursa or walk as normal as possible?
Could there be pubic lice in my bedsheets?
Are my boobs a problem?
Can a kidney cancer exist for 17 years?
How do you stop thinking about someone?
Help!!! Anything!! Im feeling so bad!!?
Ugh I forgot to change my pad! I need help!!?
How long can I leave my retainer out?
what to use for dry eye condition?
should you wipe of you sweat?
Social anxiety and facebook profile picture? help?
can you ever get rid of hemmoroids?
Knee Injury after a month?
help!!! I have a serious emergency?
Why don't I enjoy masturbation?
Thick yellow discharge, no odor, extreme itching.?
suffering with allergies?
is it true if you put honey on your eyes, your eye color changes?
How much do antibiotics reduce the effects of birth control?
Self harm and stretch marks?
First obgyn visit? Please help!?
Should I wear Trojan Magnums?
My mom's legs hurt! HELP!!!!?
Thick, yellow discharge itching no odor?
Muscle Building Fast?
Can you help me with my face?
How to clean toothbrush that fell in toilet?
How to deal with stress?
I am clueless about the process of your voicebreaking?
How tall will i be? when will i hit my next growth spurt?
How many men actually have 5 inches?
Is it ok not to brush your teeth for 2 days?
So where should I start concerning bulking up?
sooo, can i still get an std?
Why does my scalp itch the next day, when I sleep on wet hair?
Do I have lice or pubic lice and what can it do to me?
WEIGHT LOSS TIPS! .......?
HELP! Im a First time mom, due in 5 days!?
I'm not losing weight?
Involuntary movement in leg +cramping, foot pain?
Where's my period?
I have intense pain at the back of my head what could it be?
weight loss smoothies?
How to know if I'm allergic to cats?
Push ups progression?
can a 70 year old survive breast cancer with her-2 involved stage 2 level 2?
Where can I go for a semen analysis in Kansas City (I do not have insurance) and how much will it cost?
Healthy Breakfasts That...?
What are some of your healthy eating habits?
What is causing the breathing problems?!?
Wish I could be alone, but I get lonely?
I have no purpose in life?
Heavy sleeper: can't hear my alarm clock in the morning?
can i get cured from hep c & fatty liver disease combined?
Can seroquel cause weight loss?
Feeling Dehydrated even after drinking a lot of water??
pilonidal cyst (important) hellppp?
My left calf muscle keeps going numb when laying on my back. WHAT COULD THIS MEAN? HELP!?
171/99 blood pressure!?
whats the best detox at gnc !?????? that works!?
Red stretch marks on breasts?
how long does it take to go away?
I think I'm a sex addict, and I'm only 16!?
I'm 14 my voice is cracking and got pubic hair but my penis is 4 1/2 inches what should I do I'm 5/1?
What are some home remedies for scars and what are some store bought systems?
what is the feeling of first time sex?
Don't methadone clinics have to make sure the person they are treating really is an addict?
What could be causing all of these things?
is cevical mucous supposed to change on birth control?
Can taking flu medication help prevent the flu if you may have been/still being exposed to it?
hi atcually i want to ask that if i should watch horror movies and anime or not read details?
Plan B with birth control?
Nobody has answered my question. Just take a look?
Help! Am I bipolar?? So confused?
Is it normal to sleep a lot while having a fever?
Why am I having a really light period?
I had an concussion a few weeks ago and now I have a fever?
I had a complete check up last wk and my test results are?
what will happen if you do this?
How to sleep in class without being caught?
How to feel about molestation?
How long until I see results from working out?
Can't eat or drink anything?
Cardio exercises without equipment?
Does birth control really help lighten periods and less cramps?
What's wrong with my back?
My eyes are watering everytime I sneeze?
Can someone please give me advice on oral sugery (front embedded teeth removal)?
Eating healthy.. But NO CHANGE!! ?
Do people with schizophrenia does their hallucinations and voices get worse at night or when their all alone?
3.5cm cyst grew to 4.5cm in 3 mo. I'm scared of cancer??
What to do if you've been exposed to mercury?
What can I do about my depression and anxiety?
Is eating 2 eggs everyday bad or perfectly fine and healthy !?
Discomfort while breathing?
how many days hcg hormone present in woman urine after gettting pregnancy?
Should I take the risk of being extremely tired in school?
how is suicide so \selfish\?
How many calories in 2/3 of a cup of sugar if 1 teaspoon has 15 calories?
Will I get taller? Any experts on height?
DO I HAVE ANGER PROBLEMS??? ADDERALL CRASH?HELP PLS?
I can't stop binging even though I eat healthy?
Did I eat way too much today?
I have no friends and I want to die?
Is my stool red mean i have colon cancer?
I'm 13 and 5'8''? Have I stopped growing?
what are some good workouts to get a six pack?
Green leaves powder will reduces the hair fall?
Should i be worried nipple has turned inverted and a lump has developed behind it with a small red rash please?
I'm scared to get braces. Is this normal?
How long does it take to get skinny. PLEASE HELPP!?
Can lots of coughing cause a headache?
Can anyone tell me how tall I will be?
Sinus problems please help?
Can I get a job that deals with helping depressed people?
I don't understand Plan B, the pill. What was Plan A ?
WHy do I keep gaining weight if i have been going to the gym every day?
Can someone tell me what the results of my MRI mean?
Will my cavity spread?
Is there something wrong with my skin?
If I am not eating right, is it okay to take supplements like...?
Is 5'10/5'11 tall for a 14 yr old I'm only 130lbs?
My ear hurts when I listen to music?
I finished chemo this past December, will i have a full head of hair by March?
Have I eaten too much today?
I need a doctors advise! Please help!?
I dont get how this is losing weight?
what would happen if you got shot in one side of your brain?
if I do 100 sit ups how many calories did I burn?
How do i slim down my chubby fingers!?
How do I get unchapped lips all day ?
I have very bad anxiety all the time, can anyone help?
I have been sick for like two days and I need to get better as fast as possible?
i cant pay medical bils, help?!?!?
why does my chest hurt when i rub it?
I HAVE A DRUG TEST IN TWO DAYS, WHAT WORKS BEST AT GNC? PLEASE HELP?
i had unprotected anal sex with my boyfriend but it didnt go in all the way. i am having a lot of discharge?
How can a girl please herself?
I Don't Think My \Diet\ Os Healthy...?
My wife just swallowed her single tooth (molar) bridge. Will that pass or do we need to go to emergency?
Is it a good idea to donate blood and go skiing on the same day?
can you lose weight and eat anything you want?
Stretch mark question?
My foreskin won't pull back?!?
How do I get a list of healing of all deseases with fresh vegetable juices?
If you have a mild case of genital herpes and you give it to someone else, will they have a mild case too?
I've developed a sudden intolerance to beef?
Does the process of getting a black eye hurt?
What would you classify this as?
I weigh 49 kg and I'm 1 meter 55 tall am I fat?
Treatment options for anxiety/panic attacks/depression and related issues?
Whats a good sports bra?
Stomach problems what's wrong?
So scared that my mom will see my self harm cuts and scars!!?
I get freaked out over the littlest of things?
16 year old female chest and back pain !?
I wish I'd never changed and stayed true to myself. What should I do?
Did I eat too much today?
Why can't I sleep?? It's so hard for me to do so?
11 year old son wants to go to sleep over!!?
6' male healthy weight?
What is the thing that women put on their breasts like portable silicone?
Did I have a panic attack?
I feel drained everyday, even after a great sleep?
Why do I feel unmotivated to do anything when I'm not alone?
How much power difference is there between SPH -0.75 and -1.00?
Workouts to do watching tv?
What am i exactly? A sadist?
Tips for smoking weed?
How to I obtain a list of unique exotic or rare antioxidants\?
what things give cancer??
Is it normal to have been sectioned for 10 years.ive been locked up since 2003?
did i have a false positive?
Why have my eyes been dilated with some blurry vision?
Can you get HIV if you pull out soon as the condom breaks?
Am I bipolar or is it just teen mood swings?
How to go about starting my independent medical research? (12th grade)?
what would happen if?
suicidal...everybody says im ugly PLEASE HELP!!?
Where can I find the monthly or yearly statistics for the number of deaths caused by cancer and hunger?
is bleeding a symptom of UTI?
How do I go about starting my Independent medical research?
How often should a person take a shower ?
I have been sectioned under mental health act(committed) can i immegrate or visit america?
15 and only one of my balls have dropped?
I keep having panic attacks and can't calm down?
is losing weight this fast okay?
is it true you can only leave a tampon in 8 hours?
What weight do you consider fat on a girl?
How long can THC be detected after smoking?
how can i gain confidence with the way i look?
Is It okay that I suck my fingers??
How to beat late night food cravings?
hard lump under my tooth?
How to deal with depression?
Good ways to grow quickly?
Pain just above thigh and just below hip?
How to break my ankle?
First periods were light now quite heavy?
should i use cold or warm water for brushing my teeth?
Condom comes off during sex...?
Am I sick or am I just paranoid?
what would happen if someone took tamoxifen if you didn't have breast cancer?
How many times should u shower in a day if active?
Is this a disorder or grieving?
how long will my period last and am I supposed to b bleeding all day and night!?
I think somethings wrong with my body?
does lemon juice help with acne?
PCOS but regular periods and normal hormone levels. Do I really have it?
How could I have herpes? please read?
I was frightened and then felt really light-headed. Is this normal?
How to get use to braces?
how to get over this depression?
What is the best swimming style to make my chest stronger?
is pale yellow pee good?
What have you eaten today?
Orgasm!!! Help!!! Need to know what it is!!?
Does it hurt to have your teeth taken out?
I shaved my genitals and it hurts and itches help!! ASAP I'm scared?
Help with retainer please?
How to gain weight? 15 year old, 90 pounds?
I can put my legs behind my neck like Barbra Streisand clams she can do, what is that?
can you build stamina while smoking?
should I get my self tested for TB ?
My heart palpitations are getting really bad? why?
how to lose weight with no time?
How big is a filling and does it hurt? 22 and my first cavity! :(?
Abilify and Cymbalta?
Will I get cancer if I quit smoking suddenly after 2 years ?
Help with strategies to not cut!!?
Irregular Periods? whats wrong?
Why do I only have a visible two pack (abs)?
How to poop without laxitives?
Is it possible to lose your consciousness?
Do doctors swab if you have thrush?
Is it possible for a guy to have 3 balls?
help.... im trying to stop smoking weed?
Come off period but still bleeding brown stuff?
do dentists get commission for a referral?
How can I get my muscles bigger?
If ypu eat a set amount of calories but you drink soda everyday, will you gain weight?
Why does caffeine make me feel euphoric?
Coughed really hard, now I feel very bad?
Why period missed after sex normally period but not this month?
Women:Is my Penis too large!?
Will 20 pushups a day for a month help me lose weight on my upper arms? Im a girl?
My vagina is extremely itchy!?
What would happen to my body over a 60 day time period if I did 200 push-ups 100 chin-ups and 400 chair dips?
if im allergic to this?
My Tummy Really Hurts..I Just Got My Period?
What can I eat that's high calorie but not Carbs?
14 years old with floaters?
About to have sex, how should I do it?
Average bicep size for a thirteen year old?
I don't know how to eat?
I have such an urge to start cutting again!!! PLEASE HELP!!?
How to build up body? (14 year old)?
Do you think I am going crazy?
Lower back pain even after passing kidney stone?
My braces really hurt?!?
Chronic Pelvic Pains?
whats the average weight for a 11 year old boy.?
how can I incorporate healthy eating into my family meals?
How much weight should I aim to GAIN?
What happens when a celiac person eats gluten?
Is it safe to take about 1000-2000 mg of tylenol a month?
why do meth addicts tend to bark a lot?
I just lost my 12 yr old molar?
Help! I think i have a Ghost in my room?
Why does a woman's butt wiggle when she walks?
can brushing with baking soda damage my fillings?
Is laser scar removal effective?
What are some really good weight loss tips?
Will i get sick please help?
Riding a bike makes you burn belly fat?
Ain't applying Vaseline on face to reduce pimple is a Big Fat Lie?
Why are my periods so long?
I am 15 and want big biceps?
why did this just happen?
Restoring my foreskin! I need help!?
Is a black eye forming?
why we are taking positive and negative control in mtt assay in cancer research?
i decided to put my wife on a diet after she has gained weight?
shoud I do p.e with a foot injury?
How do I become a midwife and a doula, does such really exist?
Pin in foot coming out!?
Who was the first person to recognize diabetes?
concussion and hookah?
Is teeth grinding common?
Diva cup help (I can't get it in)?
Do i look small ?! , am i that bad ?...?
IS IT NATURAL? Is it ABNORMAL?
How often should i wear my glasses?
This is my glasses prescription what will my contact lens prescription be?
Do I have anxiety or..?
self help for panic attacks?
What can I do about severe period cramps?
How much weaker are rimless glasses than regular glasses?
Why do you freeze more if you are thin and skinny?
fluttering in my upper right abdominal cavity?
Doctor pressuring me to get the mirena coil?
when i was 13 i decided to overdose on paracetamol..?
what is perfect for building big muscle and muscle definition?
deep anagram filling on molar?
when exactly do i start my birth control?
I'm sick of my life, I just want to end it all :(?
I'm 16 years old, will I grow taller ? ( how many inches ? )?
What are some good facial acne prevention tips?
how can I gain weight without being fat am underwieght after diets and workouts?
Anyone else think beards are unhygienic?
good remedies for painful Period?
17, wanting to restore foreskin.?
How to distract someone from addiction?
how can i lose 30 pounds?
When a person confides in someone that they have been raped, do some people lie about who it was that raped?
Models please answer!?
Ganglion cyst removal from wrist, scar causing problems?
how many calories should I have including the ones I burn?
hi I need a good fast easy and simple way to lose weight fast?
husband hitting something during doggie style sex?
Salad dressing. Which one is better for me.?
Help Im skinny but im obsessed with eating how do i stop?
been told ive got throat infection given anti botics?
I'm on a diet but my friends are getting me chocolate for my birthday?
Do i have low or high estrogen levels?
Can you get a doctor's note for a panic attack?
I've got a UTI that's not getting better should I be worried?
Hungry for depression?
Am I overweight or fat?
What could be wrong if a person's breath stinks to high heaven?
Having Tampon troubles?
concussion and xbox 3 days?
My period is late 2 days late is this normal?
I'm worried, yellow stuff comes out of my penis randomly??? Sorry..?
will i ever be 6 foot?
I m 16...nd my i hav to undergo circumcision next month....very much freaked out, pls help me !?
Slimming My Stomach!?
I have recently started birth control and have quickly became sick. Is that normal?
How can I lose weight fast?
does anyone have ADD?
Is smoking weed worth it?
Chest Tightness (I'm so worried,please answer)?
My abs won't show. What can I do?
I took Plan B and I am very sick!?
Hi, kindly help me what this result means?
My daughters schoolmate lost his mother to cancer last summer and has been getting in trouble at school?
Will drinking a bottle of white wine once a month make me fat?
Hi is this an illness, I am suffering with?
Should I work out even if I'm sore?
Nothing is helping my stomach?
If you have bipolar disorder and could push a button and cure it, would you?
whats wrong with me??
I bleed during sex, why?
If you have a food intolerance, how long does it take for your body to react to the food your intolerant to?
Should I go to school with a hurt foot?
constant panic attacks!!!!!?
How can I turn stress into a positive feeling?
how do you suicide when you don't want to suicide?
Out of all the yearly abortions about how many are not for health but for convenience?
can people chew with cracked incisors?
Can I listen to music while getting braces?
How do I get a 4 pack and build muscle?
Why am i in a horrible mood?
how do i a male grow breasts naturally without medicine?
Body on different schedule, can't get all of my sleep out?
Answers please!!!!!!! X?
Do some people grow slower than others?
how to get rid of redness on cheeks?
Labcorp? can i just visit them and ask for a cholesterol test?
can i put 2 heat patches on different areas?
suddenly i got red patches on my face please suggest how to fix it....?
periods???? weird cycle please help?
I need financial help with dental procedures?
500 Crunches a day, everyday, unless hung over!?
Tips for working out my bum?
How do I lower body fat percentage without losing weight?
Is it normal to feel like dying (committing suicide )?
HELP. LYMPH NODE SWOLLEN? Is it a cyst or lymph node? Scared:( I'm 14 years old?
How can I get toned in 60 days with only my bodyweight?
Is minoxidil safe to use for beard growth?
Which Choice Is Healthier?
My bed and breakfast manager told me today that my anti social behaviour is threatening to the other guests.?
Would Pancreatic/Stomach Cancer be rare?
I really hate gym class?
Will I ever be normal again?
how to treat attention deficit disorder (ADD)?
Hey im 13 and i am 36b, what do you think my breast size will be when i reach 18?
How can i increase my height?
Will salt get rid of a cold sore on my lip?
Ejaculation By Command Review - Has anyone tried it?
Guess I stopped growing...?
a friend broke her finger and had surgery the same day but no one gave her an x-ray, normal?
Does it matter if your teeth are crooked/gapped as long as they're healthy and white?
feel like going to die went i do this shit?
After canine pulled out, will my gum grow back?
why does my penis goes 7 inch when its normally 6?
End Your Depression Review - Hot New Product! - Is It Any Good?
my mums survival rate of lung cancer ?
Home workout for slimming down?
If we travel a lot on sea .. Will our skin turns black from white?
Should I go to the hospital?
How do i fix my feet...?
Do I Have Rabies????!!!?
Poll : Working out for exercise in gym for 3 hours is good ?
Is Starvation mode a Myth ?
swollen lip after scratching it with oily finger.?
Why does eye glasses power increment by 0.25?
Haven't Been Eating Alot Lately...?
i have a bump on my vagina?
My kids are getting obese day by day. What can I do? I want to know about it?
Why i can't sleep at night?
masturbating on bed leads to weakness?
Should I go to hospital because of dehydration?
how to get larger muscles?
Should I get braces or a new car?
How can I get over a bad memory?
Why is so goddamn hard to quit smoking meth...3 years and I hate the stuff butitdoesntcareweatherornotihateit?
Not sure if period came(brown)?
How do i get motivated to work out?
Sweet 16 & I Want to loose weight fast?
Guess my weight (overweight, average or underweight)?
What should I do about my stubbed toe?
How to gain weight? Atleast 20lbs?
Do you think there's a cure for cancer, but someone covered it up?
Is using your laptop on your lap okay for a male?
How to lose man boobs and bouble chin fast?
Is it possible that I am some kind of a psychopath?
Is there someone i can talk to about my depression?
Does medicine help with anxiety and depression?
Does medicine help with anxiety and depression?
I CAN'T SLEEP!! SCHOOL TOMORROW?
anxiety attacks and insomnia how can I help?
How far back should my penis retract?
My acnes just won't go away... I'm so stressed out.?
Can a penis break, even though there's no bone?
Fitness: Weight Loss / Muscle Gain?
Do you think that I'm underweight?
ASAP. Why do I lack sleep. It's late.!?
Hurt my ankle 2 weeks ago and still hurts?
how to get perfect legs?
How can I get abs and good muscles in my chest?
I have been peeing every 2-3 hours? Is it normal ?
Does peanut butter and jelly help when running long ways the night before?
Question about masturbating (I'm a girl)?
i blew my nose to find blood?
I need Health Insurance Tips?
I cut on my boobs to hide from my parents?
Will retrograde ejaculation cause infertility?
Why So many Doctors are male in case of female private parts also?
Is it normal to feel numbness in your head when smoking marijuana?
What could cause lack of emotion and libido?
I 'dug' too much into my toenail. should i be worried or hysterical?
I 'dug' too much through my toe nail, now its bleeding. should i be worried or hysterical?
Okay i took 12 midol ?!?!?
Does this mean anything ?
how i feel better without medicine?
Could I catch something or get sick? Please help!?
Can someone please explain what happen to me ?
My ear hurts so bad I cant sleep?
How will sleep effect how tall you grow?
Is this a healthy weight?
suicidal again, feel the same/ any advice?
Will I grow any taller?
My ear is bleeding for three days. I am already taking medication but still bleeding? Please help?
Am I insane or just really lonely and crazed?
Irregular bleeding for 30 days. Normal?
Big gap between 2nd & 3rd base sexually?
Feeling depressed and thinking about ending it. I need help fast.?
I'm allergic to garlic. Can I eat chives?
how can i get thorough to people im not a normal teen?
is it okay to let my mom know that im masturbating a lot cos im tired of hiding it i want her to know that?
Missed one day of birth control?!?
When does ur mouth hurt after getting braces?
how can i get strong really fast?
I think I'm growing too fast,5'4 ft tall to 6'5.3 in just a year, help please?
my sex partner said he felt something in his penis? after we had sex I don't know what that could be?
Do crackers make you constipated?
How do I get back on a regular sleep schedule?
How can I stop my boobs from getting too big?
Dizzy, Lightheaded, Forgetful?
anyone mind rating my diet?
How to get more iron?
How to feel comfortable on my period?
My mom is using and abusing me what should I do?
Help please, I don't know if it's normal or something bad?
I'll be bleaching my skin for the first time. Any side effects?
How much should I weigh?
does anyone else have anxiety issues smoking pot/ coming off pot?
Will using a computer in the dark damage my eyesight?
First period help?!?!?
what's wrong with me ?
Anyone please give me your opinion about ADD/ADHD?
Will I get an upset stomach from taking my medicine on an empty stomach?
What should I do about my boobs?
why am i weighing more than i look??
how to fall asleep FAST?
Do I have a infection WARNING?
can you get rid of a flat mole with apple cider vinegar?
Pressure to be beautiful?
How can I be assertive to a friend who's too pushy?
How Do I Stop My Constant Food Cravings?
Foreskin tight when pulled back erect?
How to loosen invisalign retainers?
Was it the Topamax that made me depressed?
Best abs exercises for a beginner?
How does a 17 year old get cataracts?
WWhat are the stages of sleep.?
WWhat are the stages of sleep.?
What are the main things that causes people to have depression?
Does McDonald's cause cancer?
Can you take milk of magnesia 1 hour after overindulging in food?
I think I got my first period but I'm not sure?
Help me with weight loss!?
why is it wrong for someone to hear voices?
What do I do about my short problem?
Why does my shoulder hurt?
The muscle on my left rib cage is smaller than my right?
My friend who spent the night at my house, now has strep throat, will I get sick?
Im not having puberty (girls only)?
Is this normal after sex?
My vagina hurts bad after being fingered and is swollen?
Discussing sexual thoughts with female therapist?
How do I talk to my mom about birth control?
Why am I not sleeping?
How to get rid of body fat-fast? (pic included)?
If one day light period could U Still ovulate??10ptz?
What kind of doctor would you see if you had cancer as a kid?
How can I gain weight?
How to get over the fear of driving unfamilar places?
Flat stomach in 4 months?
if i pass my mental health asessment this morning i may even see wolf of wallstreet at cinema?
the breakdown of glycogen into glucose is favored by the presence of?
how can I get a flat stomach in just a couple months?
Am I too sick to go to school tomorrow?
Why is there an age when people are expected to end their childhood?
Ways for teen weight loss?
Please help me!!! I need to calm down!!!!?
Did your Mom give you cod liver oil daily for good health?
Weight Gain question?
Is this verbal abuse?
Idk my two yr old been behaving badly throwing stuff hitting ppl idk how to control him can somebody help me?
I do study very well. But at the examination time everything will be changed.?
Im not sure if this is normal?
AM I WORRIED 17 year old possible IBS or HODGKIN'S ?!!?!?!?
Is this an anxiety attack?
Best and fastest way to get rid of pimples/acne pleaseee!!!?
Everytime i smoke i get anxiety, why ?
Is it possible to lose weight from masturbating?
How do I tell my mom I self harm?
What would therapy actually do for me? I'm not a very open person.?
Small hard lump on top of my left testicle?
What is the best way to lose weight while not restricting my diet or exercising that much?
UTI won't go away, 5 rounds of antibiotics?
how can i keep the bandaid from falling off?
What do I do if I am too awesome?
Is ot possible to see a psychologist only one time for cheap?
why am I not taller than my dad?
is it ok to eat this with braces?
when is the best time for a poop sandwhich?
FIXED: Stupid Question but am I fat?
can anyone answer my question??
Do I have a personal disorder? If so, which one?
is 100.6 considered to be a fever for a 15 year old girl?
What can I say or how can I show support to my ex that thinks he might have HIV?
Stupid question but Am I fat?
Would this diagnosed as anorexia?
Should I go see a doctor for my foot?
Personal fitness question can some please help?
Can I add money onto my Health Insurance?
bend penis is it normal?
Will i get any taller?
Adult: Why do I cry so easily?
After all the time, money and research why is there not a cure for cancer?
Why do I keep having headaches?
I think I'm depressed please help!!!!!?
Am i overweight for my height?
How do I lose weight while I am depressed?
How do celebrities lose weight so quickly?
My dad is mad because I won't take medication?
Opinion on weight loss supplements?
Is it a high possibility I might be pregnant?
mom caught me masturbating?
Is it normal to bleed after masturbation?
How can I lose 15 pounds in like.. 3 months?
Does the diet patch really work?
How tall will I be? please answer?
Why am I so tired today?
After having the implant fitted how long will it take for my period to return to normal?
Is life really worth living anymore?
What's wrong with my teeth and gums? I'm scared...?
Is this a good fitness regimen?
I'm sick but not sure what it could be?
I have green poop for a few days?
running for 1 hour with speed of 4MPH v.s walking for 1 hour with 4MPH which one burn my body fat faster!!!!!!?
What does it mean when....?
Do I have ADD, or am I just dumb?
Root canal coming up?
New glasses wearer!!!!! please answer newbie questions?
What does it mean if they find they white leukocytes in your urine?
Is there an,easy way to,stop masturbateing?
I was supposed to start my period Thursday but never have yet?
Can your eyeball lose its shape?
Is it normal for a 14 year old male to masturbate?
how can i get it though to people, weed is bad?
how can i fall asleep fast?
is it normal for your feet to be like this?
Does hanging on the bar make you a little taller?
Do I have \Obsessive compulsion disorder\?
Should I get a DNA test for Alzheimer's disease (please read details first)?
How do I become more felixible?
My friends mum tried to kill herself last night, what do i say to help comfort him?
My sister has bullimia!?!?
how do i know if my hymen is broken.?
How would you quit an addiction?
Hormonal changes at age 20? Please help?
What's wrong with my hair?
Why does my nose Bleed Slightly when i think about this girl in my acting Class?
Could I catch something or get sick? Please help!?
Whats wrong with me am i sick?
how do you fight for so long....and end up losing?
I swallowed a needle. What are the chances of a needle perforating your organs?
Will Throwing Up Help Me Loose Weight Fast?
Do you think I'm I diet obsessed?
400,600,or 800 chair dips a day for big triceps?
Hymen reconstruction?
would white be a good color choice for braces? why or why not?
Is it really a big deal if I wait till Im 40 to try to quit smoking?
I can't feel my cavities?
Is there chance of recovery?
My vag smells horrible lately! Help please?
What will masturbation do to my sex life?
How do I increase my breast size?
Going to doctors about wrist banging?
Question about HIIT twice a day program?
I'm 14 and my mum's an alcoholic.?
Is it worth it to get a Wii Fit ? or something better?
Severe depression...any advice?
would labcorp be able to tell if a vacutainer needle has been used or tampered with?
Is it okay to use...?
Can anyone tell me the calories of this meal?
Low self confidence / self esteem ?
What's wrong with my shoulder?
How can I increase the size of my testicles? I want them to be the size of bowling balls.?
Why does Tachycardia not always have an effect on cardiac output?
Masturbation help please?
I'm never hungry anymore?
I think i'm hypochondriac ? what do you think your opinion please?
I'm 14 and My boobs are growing really fast?
Can I soak my dentures in the container that the dentist gave them to me in?
Can I get new glasses?
I just got over a stomach virus but I'm worried?
Does masturbation reduce chances of getting a Adam's apple?
I am confused ? Genital warts?
Make my own guided work out?
I'm 14 and my arm muscle noticeably grew but I don't work out?
How do I put on weight?
Does the Computer make you loose your eye sight?
I self harm and need help to stop?
Can a person do dumbell flys with only one dumbbell?
Is it bad that there's more foods I will eat than not eat?
Ear infection pain facial paralysis on right side?
So this a more female oriented question,?
Is nipple piercing discharge normal?
Found some kind of pebble in my leg?
Pea-sized bumps? please read!?
Don't know if i agree with my doctor or not. Am i depressed?
Getting fingered tomorrow?
Should I see doctor or optician?
what works better Total Gym or Bowflex Tredclimer?
Should I see doctor or optician?
I'm 13 and I'd like to grow help please! :)?
14 and ive found a lump on my left breast.. Please help?
how do braces exactly move your teeth?
I'm 14 years old and I have hairs growing around my nipples?
Why is it depressing to talk about weight?
Started with a regular diarrhea with flu symptoms, now flu is gone, but diarrhea is BURNING yellow. Help...?
Men: Have you ever had to pass a kidney stone?
Can I have unprotected sex if I have PCOS?
Am i just stupid? I need your help?
Scared to go to skatepark, help.?
Chest and back pain please help me I honestly can't cope anymore!!?
help me with period pain??????!?
I'm 15 and 5'2 and my dad is 5'9 and mom is 5'2. How tall will I be?
Had a crazy scary moment when I was high and drunk?
Do Tetanus Booster shots hurt? :(?
I've been told to phone the National Autistic Soity but I can't?
will i lose my tooth?
Bell's palsy exteam ear pain?
What happens when you have Parkinson's?
i did mdma 2 days ago im freaking out still help plz!?
Is the murad cleanser good for acne prone & sensitive skin?
adult antisocial personality disorder?
What kind of knee injury could I have? Should I see a doctor?
I ordered a supplement online but got it opened, is it safe?
How do you masterbaute?
How do you know if you have depression?
what are they doing to you in a coma?
How do I go about getting the contraceptive implant?
im 15 but i need ti know... am i strange?
How can I whiten my teeth ?
Will this go away with time?
why do i get panic attacks so much?
is it bad that i had a bug in my butt?
please answer am i fat?
Can i grow 2 or 3 inches?
how do you get a bigger bum quickly?
how can i loose weight working at Mcdonalds?
Are diabetics more prone to serious illness? 101.4 Fever?
is it bad to do exercise everyday?
How can I overcome from erectile dysfunction?
is bad had to do exercise everyday (10 points)?
What are these small white dots on my penis?
I want to lose weight and be healthier but there are obstacles I don't know how to overcome?
Is this normal blood pressure?
What's going on in my tummy?
I hear a small cracking sound whenever I open my jaw?
Gynecologist tomorrow, scared?
foreskin related issue please help?
Is there a specific name for my eating disorder?
I have a cut between my butt cheeks (in the buttocks ) i'm scared?
Will having sex two days before your expected period delay it?
How long does muscle gain take to notice?
is it normal for your abs to hurt when you sneeze?
I don't know how to tell my parents I have depression and anxiety?
How many rest days should I be taking? Is my cardio considered moderate or intense?
Exercise help what works what...?
what do I do about adult bullying at the job ?
Health question...can a low pulse rate cause low energy/headaches?
Headaches all the time?
Am I under weight for 14 yr old boy?
what are some good exfoliaters for the face?
How can I gain 20 in at least 2 months?
My foot has been hurting from running?
Is it safe to wear a necklace while asleep?
do i have a canker sore?scared help!!!?
What can i take to overdose the fatsest?
I am walking on a street then I stepped on a used condom and went straight to my car.?
What kind of diet for getting taller?
im 14 years old and would like to try. a shisha pen ive heard that its only water vapor so thats not that bad?
Is it wrong I'm excited to get my glasses?
If you can help please do?
How long does it take for a draining pilonidal cyst to stop draining and close?!?
Please help if you can?
Interpretation of Carotid Sonogram?
What to so for the cabbage soup diet?
I went in the bathroom a couple of minutes ago and along with my poop came a lot of blood dripping.?
Having troubles with my first orgasme?
Help Wobbly Brace !!!!!?
How do I get birth control without parental involvement?
How much should a 14 year old girl weigh?
Why do I think like this?
My mum just told me I'm fat?
How can you get a scab to form quickly?
Migraines at 13? What can I do to stop them?
Best healthy cooking oil?
could this be appendicitis?
Im 14 and I feel self conscious.?
is there a way that you can avoid your period?
I have sore throbbing fingers and cant get them well. I clean houses for a living anything u know that will he?
how to get rid of bikini line stubble?
Why do you think I am having numbness?
Chances of pregnancy if..?
How many weeks would it take to burn 500 calories a day until i lose 30 pounds?
I have hiccups and can't get rid of them?
Jaw keeps clicking and locking?
What does it mean when I cough really hard even though I don't smoke?
When do you actually say stop to a healthy diet?
what dos it mean to \have a dik\?
Does my friend have a weight loss problem?
How can I stick to a diet during pms?
Do ab workout tone your stomach?
I'm scared of needles? Help injections soon!?
How long should I wait?
How do i fix my brain? What do you do when you realize you are dumb and your brain doesn't work right?
I need vagina advice!!! Serious issues! WHAT IS THIS THING?
why do i have back pain?
Brain/head injuries in a car accident?
Can I still wear my annual contacts after a year had past?
Can i still grow at 17 ?
What should I do (wound injury)?
Hard, but fast ways to lose weight?
How much is a 6 foot girl supposed to weigh?
Why is my one eye blue and the other green? Is this bad?
The inside of my nose hurts, help?
Is it true if a man keeps sexual relation with a girl/woman older than him, his life span decreases?
help before 3-5 minutes my left side of chest (wheres the heart) started hurting when i breath?
Why are my eyes a little blurry especially in light,including TV light,cellphone light etc?
First time ever on birth control, help?
My braces are making holes in my cheek?
Is a 5 inch penis small?
How to cure constipation naturally? A 100% effective way please?
Is this related to my diet?
Why are people so dramatic for stupid reasons?(SHORT)?
Am I the only one in such a mess?how to come out of these?
Is this a good workout plan?
Dry and itchy face help!?
I am not well these days. So how do I care?
how do i lessen spots growing on my face?
If I'm not interested in having relationships with anyone in my life is that bad?
when a guy doesnt want to use a?
Will my hair have to be cut for this surgery?
I'm 17 and 5 feet 6 inches. Can I get any taller?
I'm so happy that???????????????????!!!!?
How can i get big muscles on my arms?
Why do people say it's impossible for guys to have multiple orgasms?
my fiances eyes where red, now there yellow? is it natural or does it mean anything?
I need answers quick! Pad or tampon?
How do you prevent asthma?
Could I possibly get prescribed an appetite suppressant?
is it good or bad to masturbate once a day or twice a day?
Vitamin C, high doses, causing me to stink?
Am i having a man period today?
Sudden anxiety of sleeping alone?
what herbs make the best tea?
Will my hair have to be cut for this surgery?
My period is several days late?
My nipple piercing (barbell) ripped completely out. I need advice on how to treat it. URGENT!?
Friends please tell me how to gain weight by SHORT methods?
Friends please tell me how to totally reduce pimples?
jealous of friend help Guys?
does water help clear skin ? if not what does !!!?
School making me feel upset/stupid/anxious and depressed???
Why do I get hungry after I drink water?
Is it okay talking to myself?
What are such tooth called? (Refer to pic)?
Hey! My age is 17.5 and my height is 5'8 inch exact. Is this is good height for my age.?
I got in a fight and there is still blood in my eye?
How can you tell if someone is faking a concussion?
should i excise while being sick ? 10 point?
Can stress delay a period?
What should I do to continue my rapid weight loss?
Does birth control help period pains?
Exercises for a flat stomach?
Any supplements, ways on the market to get taller unnaturally?
Does anyone know the high dose mg level of Fish oil required to rebuild the brain?
I put on weight dieting?
Somebody is bullying my mom...?
How come every time I lose blood I feel sick and vomit?
Upper back pain and shoulder blade pain?
Salad dressing. Which one is better for me.?
Can any vitamin make you smell bad?
i keep getting these full body twitches that almost send me off what im sitting on?
Please help , spotting or just my period?
is my gym routine good or bad?
Help--One of my eyes feels like there is something in it, but there isnt..?
Getting molar pulled out?
what is ur answer for my question?
what am i sick with? please help?
what is ur .......who what then yes?
i like fish, but i'm allergic to haddock, does that mean i can't play pokemon?
what is ur name?i will i give 10 marks who give me first answer.?
Can you become paralyzed from lack of oxygen?
Why can't I vomit anymore?
How do I feel less guilty about spending money?
Changing my ways of Simulation? True or Not? Serious Answers Please...?
Scarlet fever and blindness/deafness/deafblindness?
Will I get fat if I eat stir fry?
Hello all- I have a question about a medical condition my husband is suffering thru?
My boyfriend has cancer?
Does masturbation help prevent Prostate Cancer?
what's wrong with my eye?
How can I lose weight quickly?
i have irreg. period. how do i know if im pregnant? i had my last intercourse last february 2013?
Is melatonin safe and what dose to start with?
Knee pain and high white blood cells for 3years?
Knee problems and high white blood cells?
Knee problems and high white blood cells?
Sharp scratching feeling around anus, flesh streaks of blood in stools and red sore anus. What is wrong? Help!?
Hi I look at pics of nude women and I get aroused?
my pupils are always dilated?
Fun games for kids with cancer?
Excess skin, what is best to tone it up?
Brother has Schizophrenia?
anxiety attacks + alcahol!?
Planned on juicing, want to use Kale which is high in Vit K but it could cause blood clotting?
I'm 17 and 5'10, how much taller do you think I will grow?
how to stop brother from using lotion for jerking off?
Doctor's advice needed ASAP!?
How does health insurance work?
fenofexadine. does it increase blood pressure?
is it bad i eat chips everyday but small portion?
I was Hit Hard in the head Twice using an Umbrella?
how to stop being indecisive?
Right when I am about to fall asleep...?
Alternatives for carbs/bread?
Is 5 foot 4 tall for 12 year old girl?
A bit embarrassing but...?
Why do women feel pleasure when they get pressed their breast?
Side effects of amitriptyline are making me feel so sick?
Why do guys get sleepy after sex?
Any ideas to help me get to sleep?
Does sex feel different without a condom?
so..sex after birth..?
I too often think about death. Help me?
I too often think about death. Help me?
Pain on my knee joint.Should I continue going to the gym?
Weight problem 9st.10.2ib?
Do I have dyslexia? Please help?
I need your help..please?
Why cant i go to sleep ?and when i do go to sleep its like an hour after i get comfy?
too much masturbaton cause me no children in future,i am umarried 30 old male?
Emotional confusion here...LOL?
Are most pharmacies open on MLK day?
Can someone please give me a list of foods you can and can't eat with braces I am getting braces soon?
Is keeping things above the belt a different level physically? Yes or no?
Anyone have a real Venus Factor review?
Methods to increase my mental and physical strength and ability?
I'm losing my mind, strange?
I am getting braces soon is there any thing I need to know please help?
Guys: do/did you get erections in school?
Is it normal to feel hyper when coming off anti-depressants?
LADIES would YOU commit SUICIDE if THIS happened TO you?
How to Enlarge penis?
I think there is something wrong with me?
When does puberty end for boys?
i have a problem of severe acne ..tried many things...how to get rid from this severe condition?
How many calories do you have to over-consume to gain a kilo?
Does anybody know any home remedies for a toothache?
Is it weird that I get wet down there VERY easily ? plz help 10 points !!?
Why can't I just die ? ( I'm 13 )?
why do i feel nervous early in the morning?
What would happen if I did 300 push ups 800 chair dips 150 chin ups and 500 crunches a day for 60 days?
my partner of almost 9 years is having pain (bleeding) during sex. any ideas?
Terrified about going to the dentist :(?
It's getting worser and worser..HELP!!!?
Depo Provera Advice Please Help?
My girlfriend is getting fat, what do I do??
Pain underneath my right rib?
What is this small lump on my anus?
Should i exercise when i fast for 3-4 days?
Do you worry about breast cancer?
How do I make my leg stop hurting?
How do I get rid of flu syptoms using home remedies?
Is it less healthy to eat a SEGMENTED orange?
Joint pain caused by FMS and Hypovitaminosis D .?
How do I get rid of red bumps after shaving?
The pill and antibiotics?
Is it normal for people to think it strange that a 27 yr old man is living in a single room?
Does squat really helps?
When a bruise grows out of a fingernail, eventually?
How to lose 10 kg in 2 months?
How come when i yawn my eyes start watering?
How to get big boobs?
When I wake up sometimes my legs won't move?
Cup of soup? Fart help?
How to Quick Increase my Weight?
I'm sick. what medicine should I take.?
Why do my breast hurt constant?!?
Diarrhea??? Help Please?
how to talk to girls?
Does vaginal tightening pills actually work?
Someone i know is going to get a knee cap removal surgery, can he still run without a knee cap?
What is causing this? What is going on?
Did I just have a mini heart attack?!?
Are mental disorders OVERDIAGNOSED and medications OVERUSED?
Suffering from extreme depression...any advice?
sudden itchy pimple on my butthole...?? *a little gross....*?
I smoked a lot if weed in the past 2 years and stoped because I felt like I was always high its 7 months later?
Is it normal to get elbow pain when extending arm?
Am I underweight for my body type?
do testis pains due to kidney stones?
Worried I could have DVT?
How can I gain weight on my legs.?
Everytime my brother does something to intentionally hurt me i have this wierd kinda rage in my chest .?
How often are you supposed to get a pap smear?
Has anyone ever heard of a person who felt suicidal because of this?
Why Hasn't My Brother's Voice Changed?
How do I sleep? any ideas?
Advice on bulking & building muscle?
How to tighten your vagina naturally?
How can I feel more manly?
Does Using Ponds White Beauty Spotless Lightening Cream Cause Pimples?
Do you think I have anxiety?
I am 16, class X, and i am still shortest in my class, pls urgently help me to increase height !?
Does Lysol brand III kill the Sydney strain of Norovirus?
Is it normal to ejaculate 6 times in 15 minutes?
Which is better toothpaste?
i think my tooth broke!?
If I do 100 jumping jacks, 20 squats, jog for 2min in place, 25 crunches, and a 45sec plank?
I want to be a boxing group fitness instructor, but lack the confidence to instruct because of experience!!!?
I hate working out please help me?
how can i kill myself?
I have been masturbating since 12 now i am 17 years old if i stop it now can i be normal?
I hate working out please help me?
Terrified of Pain! PLEASE ANSWER?
Sarcoidosis Remission - Aden Protocol. Anyone read/use it?
.....im bored I can't sleep......what should I do?
I AM 24 YEAR OLD AND I WANT TO ENLARGE PENIS SIZE ,HOW TO DO FOR THAT WHICH CAN PERFORM EASY AT HOME?
my foreskin won't go down?
does my low self esteem has some affect on my sweaty hands?
Having some problem will anybody help?
I have a sinus infection should I go school?
Non-Steroidal Anti-inflammatory drugs available in India?
does anyone eles have a 2 year old with type 1 diabetes?
help for weight loss?
How to become tall in the age 18.?
Lost weight in 2 weeks?
How can I tell if Ive been bitten by a brown recluse?
If I masturbate a lot will my penis grow a couple inches?
i can have sex with many women they say my dicc is too big?k is?
Do you have to get a color for your braces?
Skipped 3 months on my period and it came back for 3 weeks?
How do you do a pull up?
I am trying to loose weight but I don't know what to do?
What can I do to feel 100% normal again?
Im afraid of what will happen in life?
Crop top (training bar) help?
what is the fastest way for a teenage (16) guy to lose weight?
Why does my eyelashes hurt?
is it possible for my kid to eat canned dog food?
how can I naturally make my penis smaller?
Assistance On AMP Mass XXX?
Are these pills good for me? HELP!?
I need emotional help?
My bras don't fit right in the straps?
how do I know weather that chicken pox is cure?
What's it like to smoke weed and should I try it or not?
How many push-ups should I do a day to get toned arms in a month?
I think i might be bleeding to much on my period?
What to do about boyfriend cutting himself?
How can I make my teeth bright, white and clean from yellowish?
Help with a good workout routine and meal plan?
diet tips or plans for a teen girl ?
I fell on my knee today. Just wondering what might be wrong? :/?
How do thin/fit women deal with their stress?
HELP. HOW DO I SLEEP TONIGHT?
I'm really having a hard time running in the cold?
Skin Troubles! Need help!?
How often can I masterbate?
Do I have to get wisdom teeth removed?
HOW TO REMOVE BUMP ON LEG???????????
Is it weird to see a shrink for this?
I'm a begginer at weight lifting?
I'm a begginer at weight lifting?
Help me! Do I have a brain aneurysm?
What happens to you when you are constantly stressed?
How do I fix my knee or make it feel better in less than 8 hours?
I've been really sore lately and I haven't been doing anything lately.?
What kind of injury do I have? (Be really specific if you can please)?
can a penis grow at the age of 26?
How to get a q tip out of my anus?
How do you tell if you need help and have depression?
I think I'm a Sociopath/ Sociopathic tendencies.?
WHEN I PEE I ALWAYS MISS?
Really odd question but wondering?
How to wake up to an alarm clock?
How to do handstand push ups?
Overload on fiber, severely bloated and constipated?
Is it normal to read a few pages and have no idea what you just read?
Try to convince me that marijuana is \harmless\ (Especially Under Age 18)?
I have fantasies about torturing 1 specific person, what does that make me?
Back pain from horse riding?
Does anybody have a good diet and workout plan?
vaporizer or humidifier question?
low testosterone 15 years old Help?
why do i have severe acne on my face :(?
I don't know what to do?!?
tingling and twitching of my hands and legs?
Is this a healthy breakfast?
I killed myself yesterday but now I regret it and want to come back to life!!!?
My platelets count came low, what can I do?
Im so tired but I just took a cold shower!?
What is the biological reason for all guys wanting to have a big penis?
difference between UTI and yeast Infection?
Would you consider me skinny or fat?
wisdom teeth removal. question about pain managment?
How can I make my mustache stand out more?
What are good workouts to do in a house?
Why does my left side hurt?
What are some tips to loose a major amount of weight while exercising is limited?
Terrible stomach pain and nausea after eating mcdonalds?
Can the sleep process speed up?
how soon can i eat pizza again after tooth extraction?
How does having Jaw Surgery feel like?!!?
How can i lose weight?
Do doctors get kickbacks from prescribing certain meds?
How do I get rid of my period?
Am I depressed? please help?
Do you think this is ground for a lawuit?
Can a stretching increase my heighter after puberty?
why do my ribs hurt one the right side?
I have a small oozing knot on my chest.?
My dad is constantly stressed. Could this kill him?
My dad is constantly stressed. Could this kill him?
Is cold water or warm water better for common cold symptoms and asthma ?
whitdischarge wile on bc pill?
How many sit-ups are needed for a flat stomach?
whitdischarge wile on bc pill?
What is a good workout regiment for an out of shape about 220lbs male?
How do I gain muscle fast?
Can I get Swine Flu again?
My GF is toxic?????????
Increasing your vertical?
how does it feel to have a sugardaddy?
im 14...and my parents keep telling me to get fatter?
I abused my Oxycontin and now i'm having nausea and headaches, am i addicted?
did I have a panic attack?
How to ask someone (who I know sells pot) if I can buy some?
Is the girl I am trying to date crazy?
I need help to stop worrying about something?
I should take Chlorophyll vs. Chlorophyllin? What is this guy talking about?
How to know if I'm truly overweight without BMI?
I want to be anorexic and skinny?
Brain/head injuries help please?
Im having an abortion tomorrow, how long does a medical (abortion pill) process take?
My symptoms are worse if I think about them?
Skin on my face is red, dry and tight but oily.?
Extremely light period?
How to stop being an emotional eater?
i want to be a personal trainer . ideas to become a great trainer?
Are There Any Drugs I Can Take to Counteract Seroquel Side Effects?
I'm 13 and is it okay if I drink at least twice a month or so?
How do I know if I have a cold sore?
im throwing! up shaking help ! shaking?
Cutting inside of mouth?
What drugs can you overdose on?
Is there an emotional disorder for difficulty to control your impulses?
I'm in a desperate position, and I need serious help. Can you please advice me?
Is a calorie a calorie when it comes to weight loss?
Anxiety, panic attacks, afraid to talk to anyone?
I'm bloated what should i do ?
should I see a docter?
How do I lose weigh (10-20 lbs) without being questioned?
how can i stay awake after an all nighter?
how do i turn body fat into muscle mass efficiently?
How many calories did I burn at work?
What do you eat or drink post workout?
I have voices in my head.?
Embarrassing/funny period stories?
Can you die when you get hit in the nuts?
Head injury that causes epilepsy?
How to get rid of acne?
Do you think it's ok to smell bad at a gym? I do?
What is best to eat at night....?
This is all about UTI (Urinary Tract Infection) and Kidneys?
Is it time to get my wisdom tooth extracted?
IS it possible that im pregnant, what should i do?
I'm scared to eat, and I have high metabolism?
What are the health risks of smoking marijuana?
I drank too much yesterday and a girl who I just know had to take care of me. How do I carry on after this?
(Women only) I am a 13 year old having stomach/abdomen cramps/pain?
Does duct tape really remove warts?
Where to find real whole grain bread in Toronto, Canada?
Taking a shower at the public gym?
Am I Healthy (14 year old female)?
First time buying condoms?
Tips and recipes for weight loss?
Is it normal for cramping a few days after sex?
Would it be safe to use a vibrating egg on a rollercoaster?
I am 16 and depressed, what should I do?
any good weight loss pills?
How can i get a flat stomach?
flab on back of legs?
My cousin grew a beard!?!?!?
urinating more than often usually and feeling thirsty as well?
MASSAGE THERAPY EXPERT ANYONE?
big legs but cellulite?
Painful period is it anything to worry about?
I've been coughing and my ribs hurt, what's going on?
How is Christmas celebrated by people ill with cancer (especially when severely ill)?
how to break a addicting habit?
Healthy breakfast ideas??
What is chemo and what does it do?
How serious would this cancer be?
how can i grow taller?
Do I have depression?
Working out twice a day? 1 hour each session doing the same thing?
Will i gain or lose weight?
How do I open up to others?
what makes a females booty get bigger?
What's more painful ? Spacers or Braces ?
What are some reasons a neurologist could misdiagnosis multiple sclerosis if its not multiple sclerosis what?
How long will it take to lose 20 lbs?
My feet smell so stinky!!!?
How do i get my throat better ?
Yeast infection or irritation?
My tonsils are huge, trouble breathing and swallowing, can't call doc to make appt for two days from now?
Depressed and addicted?
My birthday today when great i guess idk?
How do I talk to my girlfriend about her eating problem?
Can you develop strep throat while already on antibiotics (cipro)?
Does my eyes get worse without glasses?
I smile at sad things? What should I do?
Can chlamydia cause missed period?
People who have lost weight....?
What's it like being able to smell things?
am i pregnant? please help!?
Should I worry about this? I've fucked up.?
Why am i so sore two days after working out at the gym?
can i wear mascara to wisdom teeth surgery?
Why do I cry so easily?
Back Pain Relief For A Kid?
First time at the dentist?
Can taking an overdose of an Iron Dietary supplement make me feel nervous?
Is it possible to be born with Leukemia and live till' 17?
how to relieve a crying headache naturally?
how do you feel about your body?
Bugs in my bed can't get to sleep help :( ?
I am 14 years old and i need to get rid of belly fat, any help?
My tonsils are huge, trouble breathing and swallowing, can't call doc to make appt for two days from now?
My hairy legs got mistaken for pants, has this ever happened to anyone else?!?
can you get herpes from sharp objects?
what are common causes of nausea?
hyper awareness of my existence?
Did I eat too many calories today?
Have you ever seen a mother not want her second child because it wasn't the gender she wanted?
How serious would this cancer be?
How can I remotivate myself?
Still gaining weight and I don't know why?
can someone help me ffs:(((?
Was the joint laced?if not what happened to me!?
What can I do to thicken the layer of fat under my skin?
Pressure in teeth because of new fillings?
How to lose weight QUICKLY?
Does this mean I'm lift weights that are too heavy?
How do I get to sleep at night?
Believe it or not, I tip the scale at...lbs and can do a cartwheel.?
Does it matter how much insulin you take as long as your sugars don't go too low?
Could my OCD and Anxiety Disorders be linked ot my hyperactivity as a kid?
OCD PLEASE HELP!! Sorry it's long?
Is BMI really inaccurate or are people just kidding themselves (details)?
pinkish tinted discharge a few days before period?
How to get rid of pimples and pimple scars?
Does sex hurt the first time?
What do people get out if a sex change?
What is lupus? how do you get it?
I can't tell if I am getting fat, or a more womanly figure? (14 year old)?
How can I convince people that this girl told lies about me?
How can I get that thick, smooth skin some women have?
Am I bipolar, borderline, or neither?
adding caffeine to coffee??????
do teenagers get sick more than one time in year?10 point.?
Oh god I went over my limit?
How do you know if you have anxiety or regular depression?
What is happening to my mind, am I in danger?
What are personality traits in adult children of an alcoholic parent?
What ae the dangers of marijuana use?
Paranoid of bad breath?
I'm pretty sure I have tonsillitis again, don't really want to go to the doctor?
Is my Ankle broken or sprained?
Does anyone know a good acne cleanser!?
Why is my old cut acting weird?
How can i get taller?
Should I start shaving?
How Can I Jerking Off?
Will I pass this Marijuana urine test?
Moving my ears back so they dont stick out, is this safe?
How to make yourself sick?
My bunions hurt if I walk to much!?
PLEASE HELP...WHAT SHOULD I DO?!!?
14 year old trying to loose weight?
If I had a ruptured spleen would I be dead by now?
Penis question to Girls lol?
Is this non purging bulimia?
is now a good time to take my temp? not felling well?
Should I be concerned about an irregular heartbeat?
Why cant I sleep at nights and when I do, I wake up hard?
My parent is a drug addict but they won't get help?
Alone and Depressed.?
How do I find out when I'm going to die?
Do i have shin splints?
How can I help my friend who is depressed/self harms (we're not that close)?
Girlfriend has a lump on her breast?
I think that I may have OCD?
Its hard being healthy? What do I do?
How do I stop my vagina from hurting?
HEALTH Q: is C.O.P.D. a real lung disease, or is it some BullSh*t, that i heard about on the radio ?
What's do you think?
If someone has thoughts of suicide, is it best to speak to someone about it?
How to get rid of calluses on my heels?
I keep burping up vomit?
For the past month or so I keep waking up after 2-4 hours of sleep?
stupid teenage mistake makes me constantly worry?
What kind of doctor do I schedule an appointment with concerning ovary pain?
Resting heart rate of 84 bpm, is this unhealthy?
Why when I laugh I suddenly feel really sad ?
may have swallowed a small piece of metal?!?!?
Is it okay to remain moderately active while sick with the flu?
Is it okay to remain moderately active while sick with the flu?
what would happen if I smoke a rolled up joint with nothing in it?
Need help with body pain......PLEASE?
if you eat alot of health food will you still get fat?
vomiting, blurred vision, and more what could it be?
Hi , I'm a 16 year old teenage girl who has a huge weight problem .?
Is animal fat the big killer in America?
Will I have to pay for a prescription?
I started working out again i need advice?
If this isn't the flu... then what is it?
Building pectoral muscles?
Should I exercise if I feel sore?
I cannot find an answer on Google. Please help me figure out what these white bumps are?
Will this go away on its own? Help?
PLEASE help me with that?
what will help me lose my belly fat?
Are natural cigarettes safer?
How to lose fat fast?
I have stretch marks on my stomach?
my mom keeps getting on my nerves?
Is it possible to be sick without having a cough?
the voices inside my head acts like they are human but they are very mean to me and they are harming my spirit?
How painful is childbirth and why?
Why have I lost so much weight doing this?
Water fasting.............?
How do doctors know when a person dies of heart attack? 10 Points?
How do you know you have shin splints?
what's the best medication for RLS?
Are almonds good to eat if you have a blood clot?
I feel so worthless and just want to die?
Waivers for eczema for the air force?
do you really need exercise when your in a diet?
My friend's having birth control problems?
Can kidney stones lead to any fatal ailments or fatal heart attacks?
How can I make my stomach bigger?
Hi I have posted before about schizophrenia?
I eat a lot but I'm not getting fat?
Teenage boy lump in one breast, hurts a bit when touched?
is there something wrong with the way I think?
I'm not sad anymore but I still feel the derealization sometimes?
Is a DivaCup safe to use with an IUD?
Super skinny teen workout?
Will I be as tall as my dad?
How long would it take for braces to move two teeth? How much would it cost?(UK)?
Why do i always wake up in the middle of the night?
nausea and dizziness after shower?
I'm so terrified for my second day of work, bad anxiety?
Do I have dka?? please help me!?
Will I ever get any taller?
I have a foul Order coming from my Vagina its life discharge white and creamy?
I haven't been feeling myself lately.. I need help figuring out what is wrong with me.?
I got semen on my underwear?
questions on genital HSV1 thanksss!?
How much should an average 5'2 12 year old weigh?
helpful diets for a semi lazy 13 year old girl?
helpful diets for a semi lazy 13 year old girl?
How long does it take for a patient to regain consciousness after general anesthesia?
How long does it take for a patient to regain consciousness after general anesthesia?
Can't use finger I slammed in door a month ago?
im a 20 year old woman and I've been having brown discharge I am on the depo injection what is it?
How do I prepare for my period each month?
What do i do? I dont want to leak everywhere!?
How many calories will I burn if I walk on the tread-mill for 20 minutes?
Do you think I Have Vaginal Infection?
How to suppress hunger?
Please help me, I don't know what to do??
Can anyone suggest a good brand for Resistance bands(exercise band)?
Is there anyway I could get braces?
Extremely insecure of my body !?
diagnosed with body dismorphia(pic included)?
Does anyone have the same shyness problem or have any advice for mine?
Has anyone ever had their eyes twitch during church?
Kinda threw up during oral?
Is it okay to have just clementine for your entire day?
How to get rid of acne ASAP?
when should i get my first period?
My 50 year old dad getting high fevers ?!?
Smoking weed for the first time?
a suitable diet for a 15 year old girl who weighs 13 stone? ;/?
Healthy meal ideas, without vegetables...?
is it okay to smoke during my periods?
What is better, brushing and flossing or brushing and mouthwash?
Slim Fast Shakes will they help me?
Can you loose weight off your legs even iif your small?
Unprotected sex and the depo provera shot?
Is what I eat at school healthy?
can i drop out of college to go to treatment for self harm?
i run 2 miles in 20 minutes, i want to reduce the time?
Dry peeling skin around vagina?
After i vomited.. i started having a a hard time to breath. I cant take deep breaths?
what do you do when you pig out?
is special k porridge for breakfast good for weight loss?
What foods to NEVER eat?
Gained weight AFTER period?
Feeling so itchy downstairs. Need help?
Tricks To Temporarily Lower Blood Pressure?
Unusual semen color and shape?
What is the point of circumcision?
Am I fat? If I am how do I lose weight quick thank you ?
How tall can I grow up to be?
Do I need to be taking out my ear tunnel regularly?
dont know what to do with my life?
Did I sprain my knee?
My penis is loosen and bending towards right so i could not have harder erections.?
How many calories are in 2 cups of cooked noodles?
Should I go to hospital?
Acne redness, am I cleaning correctly?
How can you tell the difference between a cut and a mole?
Could I get pregnant? More detail below!?
I have a lump under my armpit?! Help please!?
How to reduce pimples all over my nose?
Teenager missed 3 periods?!?
Is this a good exercise bike ?
Am I really that fat??? :-(?
What things can help digestion?
How much weight will I lose on this diet?
What can I eat without feeling pain?
What helps depression?
Am I too big for a bikini?
Pls give me tips what to eat and what to do-10 points?
What can I do about my height?
Can I use a tooth birth to rub my clit? And how? Wouldn't it be a bit rough?! Thanks?
Coldsore out of nowhere?
Will this show up on the blood test?
where can i buy human growth hormone without perscription ?
Will this show up on the blood test?!?
what should i do if someone got lemon salt in their eyes?
Would I be able to get this note?
My hands and feet are sweating but im cold. y?
Should I get this watch or this exercise bike ?
Dentist private check up compared to NHS?
How do I talk with an expander?!?
My depression has come back and finding it difficult to cope?
Do I have an eating disorder?
Can the flu relapse in one day?
I woke up and the left side of my neck hurts?
How can I train myself to wear contacts?
Will this show up in the blood test!??!?
Today i am not being able to sleep?
How to maintain weight after loss?
How can I be comfortable with my weight?
Run down and tired after being ill, how can I cheer myself up and make me feel better?
Whats wrong with my right foot?
Am i a sociopath or psychopath?
Apple Cider Vinegar Good For weight loss?
Chewing gum is good or bad??
How do I built muscles naturally?
help with self-harming?
Is this an ok weight for my height?
I have a pair of 1kg ankle weights. i do my workout (squats,calf raises,wall sitters etc.) how cn i utilze my?
How to get body like this?-10 points?
Is this bmi okay am a girl 5'1 and 99.68 pounds?
Just needing some serious opinions please?
Threw up on my period . Is this normal or should I be worried . Please help.!?
Why is my body sore two days after working out?
how do you feel good about your self?
How long would it take for my ankle to be fully healed?
My birthday with anxiety i wanna die :/?
What weight class should I wrestle?
What does it mean if a man has strong sexual arousal?
Would the doctor give me something for a toothache?
Is this a temporary issue?
How am I ever going to be skinny when all I ever do is loose motivation?
6yr old with a fever of 38.6 celcius?
what are some low carb snacks?
Will I grow out of ADHD?
side effects of weed?
UTI question? please help asap?
is there anything for girl to shave her arms and wax her upper-lips?
somebody please talk me out of contemplating suicide....?
TIA or migraine?????????
Is Ativan safe to use long-term to treat Generalized Anxiety Disorder?
Anything to help get rid of my DARK under eye circles?!!?
POLL: Do you exercise daily or on a regular basis?
How can I work out when in always at school or work?
Would this be considered an eating disorder?
Workouts for teens? help?
Weight lifting, i feel the burn more in my forearms than biceps?
Went to lose virginity with girlfriend but could't get properly hard and so it never happened?
Why am I always hungry?
Sleeping all day and night when you're sick?
Went to lose virginity with girlfriend but could't get properly hard and so it never happened?
Do swollen tonsils automatically mean tonsillitis?
Does it matter if i walk everyday or No?
Can you have a UTI before you burn when you pee?
Tingling in 4 fingers?
Bad knee pain, PLEASE help?
Why can't I sleep on adderrall?
What is depression? How would you know if you have it?
Is what I had/having good food choices?
what is the safe upper vitamin d limit?
I was born with breasts?
Will I get thin ????????? Please tell?
Anorexia recovery meal plan?
How to just be or act confident tomorrow?
Woke up with a swollen eye?
Help me create a healthy diet and exercise plan?
Am I fat? 14 years old 156 lbs and 5'9?
Why am I depressed? What's really changed in my life??? :(?
Is it unhealthy to eat all natural peanut butter for breakfast 5 days a week?
How to GAIN weight??
Does a cold cough get worse before it gets better please help?
Question for girls mainly: which is more important?
ball hair turning white?
Went to lose my virginity with my girlfriend but couldn't get properly hard so didn't do it?
is there such thing as an addiction to sugar/ junk food?
Why am I bleeding again?
Can a 14 years old do workouts (without weights)?
Is it because I stopped smoking weed?
Yoga for weight loss?
Are ratings on this site messed up?
Is this enough to tone my body and get rid of excess fat?
When should I test my blood sugar after each meal?
Burst ovarian cyst .... Someone help? Should I seek medical attention?
bumps below vagina(both sides)?
Can You Help Me To Lose 100 pounds Dx?
Could this be a mini heart attack/stroke?
Severe Constipation.?
I'm 13 and my period is 5 days late!?
Help? Should I take my sister to hospital?
Mentally tired, please help?
How long does a B vitamin deficiency last?
Acne bumps won't go away, I've had them for 2years?
is it bad to eat the antibiotics from a capsule without the gelatin shell?
Do I have the stomach flu?
how big will my penis grow?
Could my friend have breast cancer?
Would I already be having more complications?
Is 5ft good for a 17 year old girl?
what are the reasons for obesity ?
why does my heart randomlu skip beats?
im 18 my life sucks and i wana die?
what is obesity ? how to measure it ?
What's some signs of abusers?
how to stop coughing? help?
What's its wrong with my vagin? It's smells funny. Ladies please help!!!?
Awful Overheating: Any Advice?
Does anyone have experience on the Atkins diet ?
Will repeated exposure to Chlorine gas affect my eyesight?
Identifying a mental disorder(s) ?
will these exercise help with weight loss?
Can fat hide a certain amount of the penis?
Telm some easy steps to get sleep fast? Other than masterbating n reading books! Cos I find tough to sleep!10p?
How can psychologists/psychiatrists TELL THE DIFFERENCE b/w Depression and Negative Symptoms of Psychosis?
What is wrong with me?
is it okay to eat after taking antacid melt away tablets in water?
Is it bad to eat too much fats? Help?
would a liniment on my stomach work for cramps?
why do i get the bad urges to destroy stuff ,?
Can't eat out but can eat anything at home?
Is this my period? Or is it something else?
Does Vagifirm Really Work?
I'm 23, female and live alone. When I go to sleep at night I cry a lot.?
Pain when going to the toilet during period?
Cramp while taking pills, irregular bleeding, endometriosis, ovarian cyst?
Lump on right nipple??
how to shape your breasts with no surgery?
why do I feel like this?
My boobs are getting smaller?
What are the side effects of having Glucosamine & Chondroitin ? (with MSM )?
how to increase my bladder capacity?
Why do I sneeze when I look skywards?
Is this an okay BMI for me?
Late, light period, but two negative pregnancy tests?
Suicidal thoughts but I can't talk to anyone?
I have an eating disorder.?
why are my boobs growing so quick?
Is this a migraine, brain tumor, sinus infection, or tension headache?
How can psychologists/psychiatrists TELL THE DIFFERENCE b/w Depression and Negative Symptoms of Psychosis?
do lockets really help a sore throat?
My sister have a Measles..how to avoid having one too?
If I'm bench pressing 140 percent of my bodyweight, is that good?
What the hell is wrong with me?
Does getting rubber bands for your braces mean you should be getting your braces off soon?
I am 16 and i haven't had my period in 45 days. I am still a virgin. Help me?
how to stop eating junk food?
HAvent got period in 3 months? please help?
Do I have genital HSV 1? I dont have any signs yet( or maybe not at alll?) but help?
what can i do to help shut out bad memories and negative thoughts?
Herps that lower blood sugar?
What's a good pull up progression?
e cigarettes. are they bad for you?
Applying lemon and honey daily in night time is good or not.?
Cut and tied and my periods are getting lighter.....?
How much sodium intake can cause high blood pressure?
what is this feeling that wont go away?
What should i do? 13 and possible Anxiety?
what is the effective way to lose weight?
Is my penis small for my age and height ?
Is 1.66 m too short for a guy?
How can a 25 year old female gain weight?
Can diet pills really work?
I have a little bit of acne scarring on my face is there any way to get rid of that?
what should i do please help?
Please help! chest feels tight shortness of breath!?
how to delay period while on birth control?
How to stop obsessing over the small things? (Silly story ahead)?
Blood in stool and pain?
Can you girls help me?
Do black braces look good?
What does stomach bleeding feel like?
I have one swollen lymph node and I'm scared?
I don't know what to do about my attention span?
Is lightning cream harmful?
valium not working next day?
buying medication online with out prescribed or insurance ?
causes for cold sores?
I need to stop smoking weed!!!?
If i intake normal amounts of food and purge, is it bulimia?
Exercises to help build arm muscle and lose weight?
Why can't I get rid of my spider bite?
Is there okay to train forearm twice a day. My upper body is big enough but my forearm is small?
Yeast infection ... Help plz!!!!!?
Easy ways to get rid of acne and blackheads?
Wondering if I can get some advice on getting a gastro bypass?
How long will it take for my eyes to turn green using raw honey eye drops?
Terrible, weird-occurring headaches. HELP!?
why some girls pick/like a guy even knowing his penis size is smaller than average?
Songs about depression, selfharm, eating disorders, or anything else that had to do with depression?
My view of life is becoming so dark and actually kind of scary (STD SCARE)?
How do i punish my anorexic gf for not eating?
How do I stay happy without getting drunk every night?
I'm very frustrated with myself.... Help?
Late PERIOD!!!! Need help and advice, please!!?
Puberty help please!!?
Why do my hands swell?
If you're depressed , do you take anger out on the people you care about ?
When eating healthy what do you go by?
Stopping masturbation and after that..?
Exam is near and i am suffering from emotional trauma?
Question about my height!?
Vaginal bleeding after intercourse?
1190 calories a day with almost no weight loss?
What percent of females take birth control after vaginal sex?
PLEASE ANSWER!!!!!!!!!!!!?
Is she the reason why I am like this?
I have no friend and I am going crazy!?
A blue light told me to kill myself?
my daughter has diarrhea and I dont know what to do to help her please help?
Should I feel guilty?
can anyone help me?????????? i need help.?
Do You Lik To Make a Stronger Pee?
Question about inconsistencies with periods?
Is Birth Control causing this?
Do I have asthma, exercise induced asthma, or neither?
My crown hurts. What's wrong?
Can masses in the breast cause breast cancer in the future?
I have been having liquid diarrhea for 3 days and can't keep any liquids down or food?
14 and having minor depression?
How do I know I can benefit from therapy?
my mom always embarrasses me about my period ! help...?
Hi I need a little weight loss answers?
Any advice for wearing retainers?
will medicated chap stick help my cold sore?
Why does fat feel so good?
I am always hungry?!?
Help! My biteplate(for braces) broke!?
what are the 3 structures that protect the eye from mechanical injury?
I think I have the new H1N1 flu going out?
how do I stop selfharming?
Why do people hate me?
how long will it take me to lose 40 pounds?
Why am I more energetic when I don't sleep much?
Wrinkles at 14, please help?
How can I help my depression without medication?
Joint and muscle pain!!! Help!!!?
100 Squats, 100 crunches 100 lunges 50 push-ups?
How can i stay up late?
Do I have a problem.?
Eating right before sleeping is bad for you, but...?
What is wrong with my mind?
I found DOUGH in my ice cream today. Will that make me sick?
Can someone tell me the background infomation and risks of MDMA (molly) ?
I have scoliosis & im in a lot of pain what do I do?
Lump below my ear next to jaw, what is it?
Broken bone only half way healed, and doc don't know what to do?
Why do certain depressed people turn to self harm?
How long will someone live with non working kidneys?
Serious Question, Medical Stuff, I'm FREAKING Out!!?
What kind of results can i expect to see in the coming months from my diet/exercise routine?
is this normal? blood after being fingered?
i need help on trying to figure out what i wanna be when i grow up?
I cant loose weight!?
What are some filling foods with virtually no calories?
Is this a good breakfast for weightloss?
When Will I Hit A Growth Spurt?
Are q-tips bad for your ears?
Should I wear eyeglass always?
I'm Bulimic. Should I tell my mom?
Paranoid about rabies... please read description!?
can xylitol in gum cause diarrhea?
what can a sputum test find?
I have a cut in my tailbone pelase read the details and help i'm scared?
ok so I'm 14 but I'm still an A cup. how can I get my boobs to grow bigger faster?
What's wrong with my boobs?
what are some good weight lifting tips.?
jammed leg on car door?
Do you really need to do warm-ups and does the body know the difference?
How to swallow a pill with water?
Will I never have any kids?!?
Will I never have any kids?!?
Ear Cartilage Infection. Help!?
I have problems losing weight?
How fast will I lose weight if I start an anorexic diet?
How do you read food labels ?
Need advice for workout at gym?
Orgasmic birthing offensive?
could I possibly have chlamydia...?
Will drinking high amounts of water remove the affects of a high salt diet?
I'm 96lbs and my mom thinks I'm fat?
Should I tell my mom I'm Bulimic?
Why does my back hurt for just a second when I lay down?
Why did I do this to myself!?
Help with Bad Acne for oily based skin?
period or implantation bleeding?
Pregnant and craving chocolate?
How long should I wait for Birth Control to work?!?
Random acne and I've never had it before??
Is it normal for a 17 year old girl to suddenly gain weight?
Will I always be able to tell if someone has an STD?
Wlll a tooth with a filling last forever?
I wamma grow a moustache?
Do I have a good body or should I work out more?
Which is worst for your teeth?
What could this pain in my back be?
i am retaining water all over my body, for the entire day today.?
Do you love your job? If so, tell me what you do!?
Why are my thighs big?
My sister weighs 620 lb but she refuses to believe she's obese?
Is it normal that my pubic hair is longer than my flaccid penis?
How come hairy men tend to be bald?
Tear drop shaped boobs?
When I read about on yahoo Answers right about.pregnancy n worried.of.getting pregnant right my ? Is that is i?
Do you mind going to bed on an empty stomach?
Why Does Excercise Make You Hungry?
Period every other week?
Why am I much more aware when I'm high?
How much does scar removal cost ?
How do you help a friend who's sibling has cancer?
How many times a week or month should I masturbate?
I have little whitish bumps all over my penis an scrotum?
Will Colorado doctors be less likely to prescribe medical marijuana now that it's legal?
I am a avid runner and I have now acquired Achillis tendonitis, is there a way a can heal my ankel and train?
Mentally Unwell or just a normal teen?
Can I lose weight by only drinking water?
Worried about blood clot in meg. Please help?
I'm looking for some ppl to talk to?
Is this a healthy breakfast?
helpful tips for a pelvic tilt?
Does this sound like the stomach flu?
Why won't this cough go away?
why am I fascinated with knives and shiny objects.?
I've been having thoughts about violence?
Putting heat on heart?
Is Alzheimer's a fate worst then death?
What happens if you never shave?
How do i explain 2 someone about sneezing?
My wound is \leaking\?
Part 2 - What Does This Mean? Could It Be Something To Do With My Mental Health Problems?
Workouts!?! Please answer I need help with this?
Stool softner with stimulant laxative not working?
I started cutting and now I feel addicted?
Would you wear skirts without underwear on a daily basis if . . .?
How do I get over starving myself, depression and social anxiety?
What Does All Of This Mean? Could It Be Something To Do With My Mental Health Problems?
Can you get abs by walking or doing pull ups?
how much to have your conjuctive (top layer of eye? removed?
I'm the only girl in my family with small boobs?
Diarrhea for 5 days how can I stop it?
Is it normal for a 17 year old girl to suddenly gain weight?
Am i getting sick please help?
if you get the dmpa shot in the first 5 day does it really work faster?
Am I developing a cold?
Left some tooth after wisdom teeth?
How many calories do I need?
Random muscle twitches?
Allergy test soon what do they test for?
What's the best way to cure constipation without taking some kind of supplement?
Is it a good thing if you're pilonidal cyst just drained itself?
Side effects from condom?
can we get help with welfare?
Is it possible for an infected tooth to cause an abscess to the tooth next to it?
Mental health + dropping out of university?
Is having braces a major deal?
there is some slimy white stuff coming out of my daughters vagina?
Sex help please be specific?
What do you think is wrong with me?
Question about color blindness?
Just got done with antibiotics 2 days ago from strep ad I'm getting another sore throat?
I keep farting?! What can I do??
Theres something up with my moms stomach... please help us?
Help I keep staying at 96-97lbs.. I can't gain or lose weight?
I haven't had a period since i stopped taking the contraceptive pill?
i had over 20 2mg lozenges am i gonna die im too young?
Is this a bad thing? Is this something normal for a teen?
Parents that continue to annoy you when you ask them to stop?
I think I had a panic attack, does it sound like I have anxiety?
if i trim my pubes, how fast will they grow back?
Is what am doing bad for my health?
HELP!!! i've been having bad period pains?
What are some healthy snacks?
can you make an appointment....?
i want to sleep now !!?
Blood Pressure has increased recently, what shall I do?
Will this help me tone up and lose weight?
Do you consider 6\3 tall for a 14 year old boy ?
i am really constipated?
Masturbating and other problems.?
what is the pc muscle people talk about when they talk about their penis?
Help with tight foreskin?
How nutritious is human milk?
Why don't I want my parents to get back together?/Why won't they believe me?
I had a hysterectomy 3 years ago but my bladder is now prolapsed?
I just need someone to listen to me please, please give me your opinion or advice. I have nobody?
Is it better to workout after having something to eat or not?
I can't put in a tampon?
How tall will I be when fully grown?
How many calories should I eat on a low carb diet?
I Feel Like I'm Living A Nightmare, Help?
Irregular??? Period??? HELP! 12yrs Old.?
What are the symptoms if gluten allergy?
Lyrica, tramadol and oxycodone?
Do I have an eating disorder or something?
140 lbs at 15 years old at 5'9?
Really need advice about yeast infection!!?
Is there such thing as working out too much?
Help? I think I have dispersonalization? Link to my question?
Cracked my neck it hurts?
What is wrong with my dad? i'm really worried...?
how should you be on your period for?
Getting really worried now. Urgent advice please?
Does getting your wisdom teeth out hurt?
why do i have 30 teeth?
With there be a cure for memory loss soon?
Can gaining 8 pounds make a big difference?
What should i do, im confused and embarrassed!?
My health teacher is obese?
Does getting teeth pulled hurt?
can someone tell me if my cutting addiction is bad?
I need advice from men about face wash?
Can a humidifier make your allergy symptoms worse?
Can I see a psychologist by myself at 17? [long]?
can a male penis grow after 21yrs old?
Does The Customized Fat Loss By Kyle Leon Work ?
got diagnosed yesterday with grade 3 breast cancer age 26 :-(?
feel really fat and disgusting?
Is it normal to have food go up your incisive fossa?
When can I see some results from weight lifting?
am i getting sick please help?
how to lose lose atleast 30 pounds in 1 month and stay that way?
Can i go to the beach with my period?
When an ambulance drops a patient with an ECG, etc. on them off at the hospital, is the equipment switched or?
what does \pot\ mean in abbreviations used in medical prescriptions?
Pain while awake after sleeping?
Has anyone had bleeding while taking Marevlon 28?
I want to be healthy again but im scared to gain weight?
What causes side and chest cramps?
Are meal replacement diets considered to be fad/crash diets?
Should She Be Worried ?
How can I get mascles??
What is the process of asking for birth control pills?
exercises to get a perky bum?
Do I need to gain weight?
Got a painful cramp in my abdominal!!?
Drinking the day after Xanax?
In the drug world what is hash, ice , and ecstasy?
What time do you get up in a morning?
What is the best way to lose weight, and get in shape?
Is porridge and a small amount of raspberries healthy?
Should I apologize to my GF for calling her fat basically?
Will there be a cure for cancer in 50 years?
Something is wrong with me?
What type of allergic reaction does this sound like?
My new doc prescribed zpack but I think I have a virus, not a bacterial infection. Should I still take it?
Is SILK soy milk healthy?
i have a right lower impcted wisdom tooth dose anyone know mouch it cost to get it removed?
how to get abs for a skinny person?
How old do you have to be to take a laxative?
My mum is harassing me, I'm very stressed out and upset?
When cancer is stage IV does it mean it has spread?
What not to eat for bodybuilding?
medical question about abdominal pains?
I need to ask my dad for pads..?
How can you make your penis bigger naturally ?
Could I possibly have anxiety?
How do you know you're depressed?
Workout to increase pull ups?
What penis size is better? Smaller or bigger?
How to tell your friend she has halitosis?
I need an explanation of my prostate specific antigen results?
I've started self-harming again?
Am I considered fat ?
I was molested when I was younger. How effective is counseling?
Can this cause strabismus?
Ana Boot Camp Diet Buddy? (ABC Diet)?
Weed makes life better?
A Serious Problem! PLEASE! Need help/advise from someone!?
Colonoscopy robs your dignity?
should I start shaving?
Do I have dispersonalization?
I have a cold. Temp is 96.0 and my skin is pale and cold. I'm really tired and sore. Should I be concerned?
Is it possible for anyone to get toned?
Any meal ideas involving chickpeas?
why do i still hace to wear my removable braces although i am not allowed to tighten them any ideas why?
I have no appetite what so ever?
Am I fat? (Points for most accuracy)?
I masturbate in my sleep, is that normal!?
What to do to achieve clearer skin?
Is it normal for a girl to squirt during sexual activities?
Embarrasing period stories!? Ahh mines bad!!?
Is my diet okay? I only eat raspberries?
anxiety disorders ? does paxil help ?
How to prove that your legs are stronger than your arms?
Do songs really make u want to kill yourself....commit suicide??
Will I be able to do Sub Q infusion even tho I am allergic to metal?
How much weight should a petite female lift?
Question about inconsistencies with periods?
If you take a certain type of medication and therapy will you not notice your mild autism?
I think I have a mental illness?
What is this disease called when people hold onto their chests and then faint?
SERIOUS QUESTION: Head Injury!?
Does slight breast pain mean cancer or muscle strain?
I think I'm addicted to green tea?
Stomach pain for four days what is it?
I tried to glue together 12 burritos and its not working?
Why am I attracted to depressed people?
is one binge day a week bad?
stop addiction to music, how?
how can i get a nice butt and abs?
why does my 'area' hurt after horse riding?
how do i stay longer in Masturbating ? i can't complete 10 sec?
I think my cherry popped when i was being fingered?
i am not fat but i eat to much?
Please help its very serious?
is this an good morning breakfast ?
Can you use blood from nose bleed for blood or cholesterol test?
Can I drink while I am on antibiotics?
How long will weed stay in my hair?
What parts of the brain are affected by alcoholism and what part causes the addiction?
Help with acne and redness?
Shall i start taking protein shake to lose weight and build muscle ?
how much calories would a cup of coffee have if i put 1/2 cup of Nescafe French Vanilla Creamer in it?
How come lefties are more prone to Mental illness then righties?
How to replenish electrolytes/hydration?
Is anyone out there Bipolar, who has a medication they like?
Experiencing wisdom tooth pain?
I'm usually sick after eating people?
What's wrong with my left ear?
how can I get rid of acne in less than three days(if possible)?
Why do you have to get fitted for contacts?
What are the reason's for this?
Terribly depressed, not sure what to do, any ideas?
I have a cold and my temperature is 96 degrees?
If I have taken 5 .5mg ativian over the course of the week- is this withdrawal?
Best way to get rid of dry skin on my face?
Weight-loss Progress Derailed by Period - Can any ladies help me?
what happens to cum when it's inside a girl and she doesn't get pregnant?
How to get my periods by natural remedies?
Pregnant, depressed and paranoid. Help?
anyone experience this gassiness?
questions on usain bolt what food does he eat and why? what might he drink and why?
what is the average iq of a male teen with asperger's?
Will this nicotine or weed show up in my blood test?
Testosterone boosters ?
How tall will I be when I'm an adult?
im having bad stomach pain and diarreha?
antidepressants was Amanda todd on?
Blood in stool, help ! :(?
how to tell if i have a cold or the flu?
Am I in love with this celebrity?
Whats the easiest way to die?
New (white) fillings problems?
When the body stores carbs for energy later, is it all converted to fat, or does some remain as carbs?
bleeding and cramping 3-4 days after sexual intercourse, this was also 3-4 days after I ovulated? Help?
I eat so much food but never get fat. Why?
Why a I sneezing all day long?!?
I'm a 13 year old girl and haven't grown?!?
Does trans fat buildup in the blood vessels and brain ever dissolve/breakdown?
How do I loose 10 pounds??
Do I have to \snack?\?
I have a bump-like on my face, it won't come to a head and it hurts?
What is the best way to dispose of empty prescription med containers?
Depo shot brown discharge?
Do you know any good websites for anxiety sufferers?
Is it normal to have a completely different life in your mind?
My boyfriend recently slammed the car door on my foot, what should i do ?
I woke up with all of my teeth loose, is that bad?
Teenage breast reduction?
can u plzzz read ?help needed?
my friend her leg a year and a half ago?
swollen penis and need a cure?
i'm throwing up everything i eat?
Am I allergic!? (read all)?
Is this a temporary thing?
How much fat do I need for fat soluble vitamin absorption?
my finger has been cut open and i'm bleeding loads and i mean loads, what do i do?
Why doesn't it feel good when I rub my clit?
Help? I think my dad has symptoms of a mini stroke?
Whats an average bench press for a 16 year old?
Is this a good workout plan?
Had sex with condom, pulled out before ejaculation, condom didn't break, precum scare?
What kind of workout plan should I follow at the gym for weight loss?
How to gain self control with eating?
Do bananas make your period lighter (women only)?
I've got plenty of cut, but how do I separate my abs between the muscles?
does she like me (i need girl hep)?
How to make my self cry ?
Please answer?!!!!!!!!!?
How to stop my nose bleed?!!?
Good routine for cutting fat and sculpting upper body?
Tonsil problems need answer !!?
Im so skinny please help!!!?
How long should it take to ejaculate?
I don't need glasses, but everyone in my family does?
Some bench press tips?
Is running a good way to loose weight??
How can I get rid of pimples?
How can I get rid of pimples?
Why does pulse rate not continue to increase with increasing exercise?
Is diabetes dangerous decease?.can I do my job normally?
Can I get arthritis at 14 years old?
Is it bad for my health drinking 5 litres of water?
I m 16....and my penis foreskin does not come down....urgently require help?
Why do girls want to have sex as much as guys?
Does it sound like I have OCD?
Please answer question.?
What does this symptom mean?
Question about period?
My wrist and forearm are in pain.?
Why can't i work out?
Shaved for first time and...?
Primary care and anxiety?
Primary care and anxiety?
Please help forehead injury with photo?10points?
does this mean i have to lose weight?
irregular heartbeat at 17 ?
Depression, anxiety, Navy- what should I do?? PLEASE help?!?!?
What to do when you can't cope any more?
best diet of indian foods to build muscles fast?
In severe pain please help?
How Do Men Lose Their Virginity?
Is it ok to take bath duting chickenpox?
iam 18 kgs overweight having pcos pls help have to lose weight in 4 months pls help all ideas u can give plss?
why would condoms get stopped at customs for a week?
I'm worried about cancer?
I just started starving myself how long will it take me to lose weight?
What does bruising for no reason mean? Like in a trail, largest to smallest.?
Help me please!!!! Boobs questions!!!! Read please!!!?
Is it ok to eat 1,300-1,500 calories a day?
My eyes are rejecting soft lenses!?
Can I lose weight with my volleyball work out?
Need help. Could they put prescription lens into this Sunglass?
Please help forehead injury?10points?
what is hematoma, and how heparin can cause it if given intra-muscular?
why do i sweat while sleeping?
Burn help , Need lots of answers?
Left nipple hurts, help please?
I don't know of I can do this?
Why my ears gets hot?
Why does my left nipple hurt?
Is it bad to listen to music via headphones at night whilst I sleep?
Spermicide after penetration?
Hirsutism What to do ?
can't ejaculate on zoloft, help..?
Vagina itch , burn , and very swollen with a lot of white discharge?
Is this a wisdom tooth?
My son has been ill for a long time; But 2day when he went to the toilet his poo wasn't normal? HELP!!?
Are e-liquids safe? with nicotine?
is testicular cancer very common for death?
What are carbohydrates (carbs) exactly?
I have a disease called macular degeneration in my eye do I need inject of avast for the rest of my life?
How many calories should I burn in 30 mins if I walk on a treadmill at 3.9mph, incline of 7.5%, 2 mile, 142 lb?
Have I got cervical cancer?
Does MIdol make your period late?
Do all people with schizophrenia hallucinate and hear voices?
Hey if you're depressed you gotta try this natural supplement called 5-HTP ok?
is 12 stone 8lb fat or ok?
Ear ache in my left ear and can't hear to well?
How can i masturbate with certain things?
Is having a liposuction after child birth safe and advisable?
How much MORE do \Gluten-Free\ products cost; compared to their counterparts?
What's a good medical alert device to get?
Gestational diabetes numbers are getting too high?
How to lose 10 pounds?
How do i increase my height? Please HELP?
First Period,How long will it last ?
my weight is 96 kg how can i reduce 10 kg weight in 2 months?
How can I get so much energy like these girls?
Will I get hiv through oral sex(received)?
whats the best way to start a diet for beginners?
Is my penis small for my age?
I had slept with prostitute in period does it cause me hiv.condm was no broke.blood of perds wr over condm?
i inhaled melting lead fumes?
i haven't slept in 5 days mental break down might die of no sleep help!!?
I am a thirteen male and my biceps are 9 inches. Is this good?
Is it normal for a teenage girl to want to have sex? Please read.?
I'm in a depression, Get me out of it.. :(?
I am 14 and my hieght is 5'11 inch..how to stop it?
I am 14 and my hieght is 5'11 inch..how to stop it?
Thoughts on Why I'm So bloAted?
How to take homeopathic medicines?
i had a stem stroke before 2,5 years ago.,?
Is it bad if my girlfriend's ex is more endowed than me?
which lens is present in eye and how it helps in formation of image?
Can you die without being hurt?
Anyone else wake up bloated?
Is eating rice as main food is bad???!.you too have to know about this white rice fact?
Can wearing a tampon feel uncomfortable?
am i so obssessively worried?
How can I calm myself?
is there any healthy way i can grow taller?
is there any healthy way i can grow taller?
I'm 14 is this underweight?
How long should it take to masterbate?
Protected from Continuous Pill after 84 days of active pills?
Interesting Facts about Cancer?
bacne and chest acne problems!!!?
Instead of a lethal injection for killing a death row inmate, why not just open an artery?
How to get back in shape after a long time halt ?
I don't know how to explain how I feel? I need help?
Average penis size for 16 year old?
Got hospitalized with the flu over thanksgiving still sick?
Why would anybody do the drug bath salts?
How to deal with a very stressful life?
Is it possible to choose to have an eating disorder?
Why do I attract UNDESIRABLE men since I was 8?
Bad breath but terrified of dentist? :(?
Really bad period pains! Please help.?
Should I smoke weed again?
Hi I have something like pimples on my penis.it spread into three now.?
there is splintering pain in my little finger, what does this mean?
Am I a gay or is this just a phase?
Do squats really work ?
Junk food addiction ! Need to loose weight help !?
Do I have a mental illness?
I found a lump in my breast; Diagnosed with Fibrocystic Breast Condition but no mammogram?
What does a period feel like?
Correct acne treatment for me?
Possibly pregnancy? 19 years old !?
Root canal might be done tomorrow i want to.know the procedure?
i made a huge mistake. i have an std and slept with four guys at once?
which is better epiduo or x-out?
One leg squat progression?
What kind of toothpaste, toothbrush, and mouth wash would you guys recommend?
Possible to lose 120 lbs in 11 months?
Dent in my shin is something wrong with me?
I feel unconfident when I have sexual intercource with my partner because I always ejaculate too quickly?
Herpes type 1 facts please!?
Can a dental assistant work for an orthodontist?
why are my eyes yellow. blood test ok?
My skin gets extremely itchy and red when I excerise?
Why does my period do this?
How do I know if I really have an cavity?
Erectile dysfunction at 17?
what can I do to get rid of zits at my vagina?
I'm only 16 and I feel like I'm having a heart attack!?
Should I go to the ER over the weekend or can I wait until Monday to see my oral surgeon?
Why am I not hungry during this diet? Good or bad?
Sea salt Flush questions! Please answer.?
This is kind of gross but I need help?
Is there any point in going to A&E?
Sea salt Flush questions! Please answer.?
This guy I know has psychosis?
How likely am I to get the flu?
why do i want to kill people ?
Why do I keep getting so many leg pains from my knee to my foot?
On the far corner of my mouth i have a tooth growing, but a small piece of the growing tooth is hanging out?
frequent urination and urge to pee?
What are the small cuts between my anus and vagina ?
Is it possible for ingrown hairs to make the inside of your mouth feel sore?
Vitamin E for your skin?
after me and my boyfriend have sex like when im done ridding him he says his dick is swollen n hurts ..?
What's wrong with me?
Is it bad for your health to lose 15-20 lbs in 2 weeks?
Chest press strength?
15 years old and getting anxiety attacks?
when im about to ejaculate masturbating i have to use strength in my legs feels embarrasing is this normal?
Having trouble breathing?
Banana only weight loss?
(guys) what is a perfect weight for a girl?
Narcissistic Personality Disorder ? Tell me your story?
Birth control and emergancy contraceptives?
Will this help me lose weight?
Can being constipated cause odor?
i have this fetish for seeing boys round my age in there undies?
Help! This doesn't make since?
Why does my knee hurt and I'm only 13?
Isn't this just weird?
Is it safe to take ecstasy while taking 40 mg of Prozac daily?
Can i go to the dermatologist if i have my skin isnt that bad?
What is the paper called that you sign to allow doctors to pull life support?
What's a Physic exam?
how to shave your pubes?
I want to die, but I'm not depressed...?
What did you do to overcome DEPRESSION?
How do you PROPERLY treat pimple?
sex before period..probability of pregnancy?
My male buddy thinks I'm going to bite him?
Words to cut into your skin?
Is there any scientific explanation for finding hand prints on my upper chest when I wake up?
How can I prevent foot cramps?
Help,Am I too fat for an 13 year old?
Am I gay or bisexual or something else and why am I changing?
Please help my grandma won't wake up?
So i had about 540 caloriess and burned 700 calories, how did i gain 2 pounds?
How do YOU motivate yourself?
help fast please!!!!!??
My vagina hurts from after birth. how can you make the pain go away?
IM in a hopeless state ple help me!!! :(?
How can I hide my cuts?
Radiating pain through my testicles; how much of a cause for concern?
What's the ideal weight for 5'3\ 17 year old girl?
Is it safer to Vape or to smoke?
How long does a bruised knee take to heal?
\Sex for beginners\ I'm very curious to know about precum and sperm.?
On medical records, what constitutes a \Personal Health Condition\ ?
I barely ran today and my knees hurt really badly?
retainer pain & Teeth shifting?
Is Bowling good exercise?
How can I lift weights and not get Hemorrhoids?
The burn blister on my toe popped!?
16 year old guy , 6'0 , 187 pounds weight / weight lost tips?
how to orgasm ????? tell me?
Which thing is best for me? 10 points?
I have a 4 year old dog and she has a lump on her stomach it's a little bit under her belly button?
Why is self harm and cutting glamorized?
Bowel Problems. Urgent please help!?
Hiding things from therapist?
I have really bad eyesight! If I don't get lasik eye surgery will that increase my chances of eye disease?
PLEASE HELP MY GRANDMA WONT WAKE UP?
what is a good name for a small business that promotes a clean home and body using natural products i make?
what is the fastest way to heal a hot water burn without leaving a scar?
I'm having cramps but i'm not on my period?
What happens if you cut your arm too much?
Can't stop farting! Help me!!!?
What are the benefits of these two work outs?(easy 10 points)?
Why have I been so tired lately?
Bubble stuck in ear please help!?
Do I have signs of anorexia or an eating disorder?
Wearing ankle weights all day?
What is the better all around toothpaste or these two?
I like black penis? is that bad?
Is it rare for a lean person to get a heart attack?
Should I go to the doctor? What is this??
What foods can help you gain weight?
Will Amoxicillin cause temporary weight gain? How can I prevent it?
anis itching bad. i'm scared its cancer?
do you think im depressed?
Does candy make you fat?
Is this my period...?
Please help. I'm new to this !?
Is nearsighted (myopia) in children caused by excessive use of computer/ipad?
Throwing up from flu?
things to eat during a stomach flu?
Weight loss help for a teenage girl??
Did I just have my first orgasm?
Is this an eating disorder?
Can men become sterile due to this .....?
Am I overweight or fat?
Question for people with social anxiety disorder?
My daughter is having her first period right now..... HELP?!?!?!?!?!?
Why does my bottom part of stomach hurt? please answer?
How to lose belly weight?
What of I get my period.....?
Do you wear pads overnight?
Can i grow taller at 17?
If you have a tumor does it definately mean you have cancer?
what you feel after having sex for the first time?
Why is my health deteriorating at such an early age?
Can you smoke wax out of a vape pen made for herb?
Upset stomach for two days now, how to stop it?
I'm can u help please??????
Is fruit juice still healthy or not?
Any Tips On Getting To Sleep?
Can someone help me deal acne Answer omg?
I need Help Fast..............?
Am I at a healthy weight for my age?
Implant verses bridge?
Anyone have fibroids?
HELP!!!! Reasons to not self harm?
Toddler blood sugar 53!?
Could i have a eating disorder or be getting one?
how can i gain weight?
How do i get the last few inches in my splits?
do people notice acne?
CBC Resuts inconsistent. Should i be concerned?
Do you think these are symptoms of a migraine?
Your tips onhow to get bigger and bigger arms?
Ibuprophen Kills? Not Me!?
On a scale from 1 to 10 how overweight am I ?
I'm 18 and 5\10 can I grow to be 6 what are my chances.?
why do i smell bad at school?
Invisalign right for me? PLEASE?
ibuprofen to commit suicide?
Swollen lymph node under ear by back of jaw?
Bench pressing too much?
Is it weird to go to a small room (think bathroom or closet) when upset?
My leg hurts, can someone help me!?
How Do You Know if You Have a Yeast Infection? HELP ME.?
Is it healthy that my birth control pills have caused me to have this everlasting period?
How do I get rid of depression?..?
Were can i get the best glasses?
Doing cardio but don't want to lose weight?
hi i had an accident some time ago in my penis and after it heal i notice that my fore skin could stretch more?
What should I do, I'm so depressed I don't want to do anything?
My brother needs counseling but my parents refuse to do anything about it?
why do i weigh so much!!!?
Is it normal to get to this stage?
Do you think I could be a nurse?
Anyone out there feel this way?
I am so worried about my future.. What should I do?
did I overdose on acetaminophen?
Could my teeth be fixed?
what was your max bench press at 15?
When does Puberty end for me?
for all people using or have used paxil ?
I Think I Had An Epileptic Seizure After Not Having Any For About 6 Years?
PIMPLE ON CHEEK (INFLAMMED)?
My acne has gotten awful? PLEASE ANSWER?
Why do I some times shudder?
Should I get a memory foam topper with my pillowtop mattress?
Do you think my TMJ can be cured with a chiropractor?
I can not put in a tampon?! (girls only please)?
Could I have ADHD/ADD? 10 points!?
When is chicken pox very contagious?
How can I lose the weight I gain at Christmas?
Pain/pressure in upper belly?
Can someone become addicted to planning and thinking about Christmas?
Why Do I Weigh Less In The Morning Than The Afternoon/Evening?
Is it possible to pull a muscle while sleeping?
what kind of Exercises should do at home to loose weight?
having some female issues?
Trouble taking biotin pills help please?
my father has dementia and was doing well but got very sick recently its breaking our hearts what can we do?
Help! a good advice please?
how can i unclog my nose??
Has anyone ever used staples to self harm?
Low sugar breakfast ideas?
34weks an just found out i have low thyriod hormone levels?
Do you think these are symptoms of migraine? Short Question?
Do you think these are symptoms of migraine?
Is 95 pounds a good weight for a 14 year old girl?
Is 9% calories from protein bad?
I'm scaring me into my symptoms, when I think about them they get so much worse? Help!?
Is it normal to peel skin off?
Pinworms Please I need help?
There is something wrong with my penis...?
my uti wont go away (PLEASE ANSWER ASAP)?
Why does my retainer fit less comfortably after 1 day not wearing retainers?
How to support someone with cancer?
How do toned flat abs on a man look?
I'm afraid to talk??
TTC : vitamin D bad for ttc?
How should I hint to my parents that I'm scared?
Is there something wrong with me?
Give me one good reason...?
I'm not sure when I will get my next period?
Should I see a doctor?
I don't want to live like this for my entire life?
How to get rid of long term pimple - desperate!?
is it possible for your cherry not to be popped all the way?
What are the ages of ejaculation?
My son bit into his hard candy and made his tooth bleed?
Is my liver damaged I need an answer?
what is the most effective ointment for rashes?
How to make expired contacts safe to wear?
What is the most successful form of treatment for Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder?
Why doesn't gluten free do anything for me?
My baby second molar is loose and it hurts when I play with it?
Important! need advice! TCA treatment for GW?
how tall will I be? growth spurt tips?
Why are my nipples hard and really sore?!?
Does doing push ups really make your boobs bigger or cleavage show?
Has something been put in drinking water in the past?
Is Heart Attack Likely?
I get frustrated and angry too easily?
Why do my throat hurt when cough or sneezes? 10 point?
Can you mix bed bug and lice killer (one product-that's the full name) with shampoo to kill head lice?
Depression - are these also common symptoms of this?
Can you drink soda if you have a dry socket?
Left arms muscles are \softer\ than right?
Ideal weight for 13 year old (14 in april) 5 foot girl?
Sometimes I feel like I \forget\ to breathe. Is that normal?
My period is late and I'm scared!?
is it weird for a 21 years old to feel homesickness?
How can I loose weight?
hi im 14 years old and i was wondering my erection is 6.3 inches long is that big?
pros and cons of whereing a tampon. and are they better than pads?? girls only boys buh byee?
Is muscle loss while cutting over exaggerated?
i amwondering about this, can i get a answer?
muscle Building w/ protein.?
What causes an increased libido in women?
Problems with Trazodone?
I am 125 and I am 5'11, also 14 years old. Is that okay?
diarrhea that won't go away...help!?!?!?
Knee popping in and out of place-normal?
im 5'8 and weight alittle less than 200 lbs... do guys not like me because of how much i weigh?
10 points on offer help!!!?
did I brake my tailbone?
how to make myself thick?
Why does My vagina smell of fish?
How can i Stop smoking?
Do I have anxiety or depression?
How to get rid of spider bite?
ive been sick all winter?!?
Do i need Root-Canal Surgery?
How to continue school with social anxiety?
Am I experiencing sexual deprivation?
What to do of my life?
Why do Tampons hurt so badly when you take them out?
Can my fractured foot still be healed?
does synthetic testosterone cause cancer?
i want to lose 15 kg in 3 months?
Wrists help asap please?
Have you ever had a paper cut on your tongue from licking an envelope?
My Vagina is too small? Please read.?
Lymph nodes in groin?
I'm sure I have a brain tumour? So scared please help?
Do I have a issue with my mind?
Question for a doctor? Blood thinning/clotting and blood test questions!?
Hello, can i inject Relanium into a vein? Or its better inject to muscle?
UTI or yeast infection?
Do I need to put on deodorant?
I'm worried about my schizoid disorder?
What's some ways to get a bigger butt?
My wiener is kinda weird?
Random muscle twitches?
Can I call my doctor for a refill script (even though it said no refills)?
How often does a normal person urinate?
What should I expect after the treatment? Does it really work?
Help me? Suffering from bad stomach?
Is staying awake for a long period of time alright?
Ball hit my wrist and now it is swollen?
Why do I keep pooping so much in the morning?
Why don't I cry when someone I love dies?
Is there a difference between a wrinkle and a fine line?
My girl and I have had sex a few times but when I hit her g spot she says she has to pee?
Am I over weight? I am a girl am 14 and 5'1 and 99.82. Pounds?
Am i taking too much effexor?
How to get period by natural remedies?
I need to poop often. Why?
Just Got Contact Lenses Yesterday?
am i growing or what?
Good shavers for men?
Why do I feel so distant and emotionless?
Infection from wisdom teeth extraction, malpractice? lawsuit worthy?
Infection from wisdom teeth extraction, malpractice? lawsuit worthy?
Sexual desires and female periods ?
Is there any chance I have hypothyroidism?
How can you make your penis bigger without doing a operation?.....?
I got my first period!?
Not talking in therapy?
How often shall i exercise?
Help me with a home workout plan!?
What is the healthiest moisturiser for the body ?
Should I support my fiances decison to lose 15 lbs when I think she is just fine as is?
How to I untighten my neck.?
Why is my penis black?
My ear keeps blocking and then unblocking?
Do weights help get rid of fat?
How much can you lift?
can you post videos or articals you think or personaly know would work for certain weight loss?
Does a pumice stone get rid of dead skin on soles of feet?!?
I forgot to take my tampon out?
Shaky, Always hungry, and my stomach hurts?
Missed period after finishing birth control?
twisted my ankle and didnt feel pain until 20minutes later?
cancer or just through problem.........?
Will my doctor see sperm in my body if I have my period?
Tendinitis in foot? Or something else?
Good solution to clean yoga mat?
My ex boyfriend was abusive and now it feels weird that my new boyfriend doesn't abuse me..?
Question for the ladies!!?
Am I growing taller?
Weight loss question?
does the clear water fluid contains hiv or is it sperms that contains hiv?
What does my stomach trouble mean?
How long until Celexa gets back in my system?
Why do your cheekbones become more prominent when you lose weight rapidly?
Were can I get a dental bridge fixed.?
Going on a diet and keeping fit?
what will happen to me if i drink coke zero evey day?
My hair roots turning ginger !?
Switching vibrators, any suggestions?
tip of my panis pains. after I masturbate y it is so?
Can binge eating one day make you gain a few pounds ?
Can I sew a girl for giving me arthritis in my wrist?
Can people with eating disorders such as anorexia be skinny fat?
Health insurance help .?
I want to become strong?
How can i grow my boobs up a cup size ?? Fast!?
I am 16 and have a reaaally tiny skin tag... is that weird?
Not sure if it's OCD. But he relies on Buddhism.?
How come I don't look like my weight?
My mum won't let me shave!?
Question about cervical cryotherapy?
Lost weight and still have my muffin top?
Does this help me lose weight?
Bleeding while taking pills?
Why do I always feel sleepy?
Can I see my boyfriend in the hospital?
How to locate the g-spot inside the vagina.?
Can someone expalin my mammogram result?
Do you think I should lose weight, I'm 5 foot 8/9 and I weight 10.10 I go to gym 2 times a week btw im 15?
Help, I'm trying to lose weight?
My Penis size and smell?
Stretch marks help !!!?
Could you be pregnant & still get your normal periods since ?
Why do i self harm????
First sex ever - pain thing?
Is scoliosis considered a disability?
Skin cancer or toe melona?
Should i weight train at the gym? Please help me decided?
How much mg of melatonin does a 50mg of 5htp pill contain?
How can i tell if i have low or high blood sugar?
Do I qualify for braces under the nhs?
what legal right since finding exposed esbestos covered pipes and black mold in my storage of rental apt.?
Ok Just trying to get differant opinions... Female help needed..?
can stevia cause blabber problems?
Taking synthroid now poop green?
Am I Bipolar? Or Is It Just Being Paranoid?
drinking water while losing weight?
Is my husband allergic to his titanium ring?
Bruised rib or something else?
help me out, is this sinusitis?
I need help, because something happened this morning, PLEASE?
question to straight people?
i am very afraid?can you help plz?
If I drink Cyclone and don't work out will I put on weight?
How to overcome fear of heights?
is this gastroenteritis ?
How to get skinny again?
whats the difference between a broken bone and a fractured bone?
Are people healthier now than people 100 years ago? & ......?
Herbs for Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease?
have you got your period?
Born With A Hole in my Heart?
Is this normal for a period. help!?
can i still get taller?
Hi I read a article that if you have erection your pupils are dilated?
Is there a list of non NHS based Mental Health Services?
I may have mono, and I'm not sure. I drank after a good friend, and he was just told by doctor he does.?
Period help? Girls only!?
what is the range for normal blood sugar?
what is low T. I have to get shots now?
I don't understand what is wrong?
Why do I keep having dreams of being possessed ?
I am trying to better myself by applying to high paying jobs but most of them drug test.?
Postpartum Sex still hurts?
Is my blood pressure ok?
Contacts won't go in?
What is the right thing to do?
How can I gain weight in a healthy way?
i have a eyebrow piercing that i do not want to remove so i need a doctors note stating why it can not removed?
can you get gum decease from ulcers in your mouth when have an ulcer i get gum decease?
Is the GNC Muscle milk good for building muscle?
A few questions about chickenpox?
Switched from the IUD to depo shot & Im two weeks late?
Pain Killer in Daughters Mouth?
Does everyone hear this?
Do I look my weight? Or like I need to lose?
getting really bad cramping what could it be?
snoring and brain injury?
How do I get ear wax out of my ear canal?
Is 124 lbs FAT for 5'7 ?
How do you sleep with Simvastatin induced insomnia?
i stopped growing any taller for 2 years?
How come I have never had the flu?
How come I have never had the flu?
Why won't my blister heal?
Is green tea all natural...?
Left chest pain for several days?
Do I have an Eating Disorder?
What happened? And how can I get my calf to feel better?
HELP IS MY VAGINA NORMAL?
Best ways to tone your butt and get a six pack for girls?
Vicks vapor rub? Does it work for sinuses?
How to starve myself?
ust got a Buzz haircut, had long hair will it grow back as it way it supposed to be?
How do I become a mental health nurse?
Are these normal period symptoms?
I have awful anxiety after smoking k2 once 2 years ago.?
helpp!!! period stopped?!?
I don't know what's going on I need help?
Need help on what to do?!?
can I overdose on clomipramine?
My boobs still itch is that normal?
Can someone with a weak immune system get shingles from someone who has chickenpox?
Next Am I pregnant . Help .. I'm only 16..? Help ? Need answers ASAP?
I am looking to lose some weight & build muscle I am 14yrs old. Help?
can you die from nurofen 400?
What are the side effects of drinking blood?
Could I donate my liver?
How do I stop him from ruining his life?
Burning sensation with broken ankle?
Does taking oestrogen make your breasts grow?
DO i HAVE A HEART PROBLEM OR IS IT SOMETHING ELSE?
Which is better for periods?
How to fix a sprained finger FAST?
should i be circumcised?
What are 'amitriptyline' tablets?
What will the doctor tell my mom?
im having abdominal and stomache pains help?
Late wet dreams?!? Normal?
Bump by testies help hurt?
how do you stop feeling embarrassed?
Can a 14 year old have colon cancer?
i want to quit smoking cannabis.. but i can't?
Can you pass out from a migraine? Or is it something more serious?
Do I need braces on my teeth?
medically throat stretching?
How many non-smokers die of cancer each year in the US?
nothing but water.. will I lose weight?
Xyzal overdose or should i combine it?
I've been experiencing period like cramps for 2 days but no blood.?
Working out before going to work?
Accidentally cut my penis off with a pair of safety scissors?
My vagina smells and idk what to say?
Pain in my breast and armpit?
how to leave a bad habit like masturbation?
6 days with chicken pox?
what operation has my mum just had, because she's been in hospital for about 50 hours and had surgery.?
Lump on left leg? Someone help me please?
I think I might have gingivitis?
Limping after cast is off?
I always feel so dirty?
I see black lining above my teeth and feeling pressure?
Would i loose my Eyes??Please help me,i am very scared,want to suicide.?
Bump by penis under testie help!!!! Hurts?
ALS worries in young black man, please help?
Please tell me if I am overweight?
Why did my heart beat fast - I took vicodin - 3 hours later paxil and heart started racing?
suffering from really bad anxiety? I'm only 15:(?
Is this a lot of food for me for one meal honestly?
(Urgent) how do you get rid of lower back pain?
I hit the side of my head/face on the ground, should I be alright?
Do you beleive that colon clensing works?
is their any link between masturbation and lower back pain?
negative pregnancy test but still no period?
techniques/ideas to help...........?
Acne/pimple on forehead...?
What to do on your period?
My partner gave me hpv. should i tell him?
I got a testicular ultrasound?
How to reduce pimples?
Knee problems? Please help.?
How can I stop my stomach from rumbling?
Talking to my teacher more?
Cbt hasn't worked for me?
A Pull up/Chin up bar?
How do i tell my mom i think I'm depressed?
homicidal thoughts?! cant deal with it!!?
why do guys always have to put up an Effort to get girls?
What will cardio exercices improve on me?
Do I really have a water infection with tender kidneys?
I can't seem to register anything?
Do you think I could have high blood pressure?
what could be the reason woman vomiting or feeling vomiting after delivery?
HELP I HAVEN'T SLEPT IN A WEEK?
Foreskin doesn't retract at 15?
Do I really have a water infection with tender kidneys?
What pills should i get?(for anxiety)?
Do you think I could have high blood pressure?
A strong physically male having sex with female and fails to ejaculate no sperms produced. What causes this fa?
Having Troubles Sleeping! HELP!?
Is it possible for flu like symptoms to come back?
What foods are good for the heart ?
Want to reduce weight about 20 kgs in 4 months?
What can I do to make things better when life gets hard?
when an ant bits me my face and neck part starts swelling what to do for that?
Penis head (Glans) hurts?
I think I may have bipolar disorder II. Symptoms pls?
Trying to Gain Muscle Weight and Shed Fat?
Severe eyestrain/computer vision syndrom helpp?
Blood from the penis?
Canker sore? how did i get it?
How do I help my girlfriend be healthy?
Will one day of binging make me gain weight?
Why does my penis grow when I see naked men?
How to Make my dad allow me to shave?
why is my period late?
What is this on my tooth and how can I get rid of it?
Best tea to keep throat healthy?
Expert Doctor please help!?
im 15 I am still a virgin but my period last month came on the 12 and every month it is normally on the 15?
My father was just diagnosed with multiple myeloma?
Throat/Lungs hurt after exercising, or am I catching a cold?
Change the date of my period?
My period feels like it's here but nothing is coming down do you think because my partner bust?
Why do i keep needing to pee?
What is benefits of jumping rope?
I am 15 and I have Headaches very often?
Why does my dk have spots all over it?
vaginal problems ????????
Any help or advice you could give? Need help?
should dentures embarrass me?
what causes bloody discharge?
Cysts on my mound of venus?
How long after graduating does it take to get paid as a dental assistant?
Am I slow? Please help?!!!!?
Does my brother have klinefelters?
How can I hide cuts ????
How to get rid of eye bags quickly?
Have I broke my food or just bruised it?
Penis is swore, what is wrong?
Ceragem - Looking for a Ceragem Location to use the Ceragem Bed?
how can a man have pimples on his testicles?!?
I'm on my period and sleeping at my friends tomorrow?
My vagina stings help?
Period came early and I'm 13?
Help! Mum won't buy pads!?
Is it physically possible to get stuck inside a urethra?
When will my period be over?
How much does a new cna make in lebanon County, PA?
What can I do to get my butt bigger?
how can i tell if my liver is bad?
what is john Hopkins hospital treatment for cholesteatoma?
swollen lymph nodes under both armpits?
How do I go about becoming morbidly obese?
how can I get back in to c34?
Should I take a refeed day? And what is okay to eat?
Just tried tampon for the first time feels weird?
how can I get back in to c34?
I woke up from a really fast heart rate and feel jittery.?
Is it neccesary to continue testosterone therapy after levels are reached?
how can I get back in to c34?
Did I throw up my pill?
If I'm 4\11 17 years old 80 pounds is that normal?
yeast infection problems?
does a sinus infection make your breast sore and tender?
is a steam room good for ex smokers?
I am 16 years old i get frequent chest pain at my mid left chest..is it normal?
Period was 8 days late, just got it this morning and it's super heavy!?
Will eating something bad very little mess up my whole diet?
What is this, please answer?
What is this, please answer?
How can one tell if another has Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder?
My teeth are pulling themselves out...why?
can kids buy tobacco free snuff?
I'm scared of having an eye test?
Im pregnant and something strange is showing up in urine?
Why does my teeth hurt when I eat candy?
Tramadol withdrawal-SSRI Reuptake inhibitor??? -Help!?
What means stage 4 in metastatic?
Diabetes at 14 years old?
swelling in throat, how to make it go away?
how to last longer in bed??
Why am I so hungry so often?
How many hours can I sleep daily?
How to make my eyesight weak?
I got my first birth control shot yesterday and ik getting bad pains?!?
What is correct time for ropeskipping?
Is it better to eat fruits and veggies instead of chocolate and chips?
What is the best way to lose weight without exercise?
I need help put on wight and I lost a lot of wight?
Can tinnitus be caused by lack of sleep or stress?
What do u guys think about circumcision?
Did your boyfriend ever reveal disturbing things that happened to him at the 2 year mark of your relationship?
feeling dizzy all of sudden cause?
So worried I feel sick?
Implantation bleeding or period?
How to get tall plz help 10 points?
my boobs have been hurting a lot and I keep getting lumps on them?
Reasons for calling out ? I need to give my manager a reason?
my penise is so small and weak & I get pain under right boll where I can get treatments. pls explain me?
my penise is so small and weak & I get pain under right boll where I can get treatments. pls explain me?
Severe Depression and contemplating suicide, what do i do?
Excuses for calling out ? I need to give my manager a reason?
Is two weeks an three days after sex to soon to take a pregnancy test?
Hi, my mother had a cancer in the wound she did an operation and everything went great.after one year the doct?
Does catching flu mean your hiv positive?
'The girls only question'?
I NEED HELP...! I am gonna go study go graphics & web design school...?
I exercise my legs so much but still no thigh gap?
Im 27 now, Im getting early ejaculation and small amount of sperm while masturbating nowadays?
Feeling sick off and on with a headache?
Dentist pulls out a wrong tooth, what can I do?
I am losing fat in my stomach but nowhere else?
Ab circle pro does it work?
is weed a gateway to other drugs?
OUCH what can I do !!!?
What is a gentle probiotic to take if you have problems with diarrhea?
sex before period...was it safe?
What's wrong with my knee?! Help!! Please!?
the doctor says my hole is small!?!?
What can I do to tone my stomach?
My boss turns me on??
I workout hard but I don't get a next day burn?
Why do I feel sick every morning?
How do I follow insanity workout?
I can't put a tampon in?
in what cases is surgery for gynecomastia covered by insurance? it is very painful in my case?
Are men supposed to have this?
Is eating organic better for your health and diet?
blood type in familys how it happens?
What can I do to increase my libido?
why do I have stretch marks on my breasts?
Popping sound in ear when talking?
I sprained my ankle and I'm confused?
abdominal strain responsible for discomfort and nausea?? or hernia responsible? ?
Is my friend in any serious danger?
what does it mean when my pee is cloudy and smells also I have a discharge that smells?
Is it bad to sleep with a knee brace on?
Are TA-65 bottles supposed to be white or brown?
Best penis ring for couple pleasure?
implantation bleeding or period?
How long until a rash could show up from Lamictal?
How can i improve my soccer skills?
Did I gain muscle in my legs and butt?
Why do Gay Guys try to Pick Up Any Straight Male?
Stay home b/c of period?
Do people gain by going to the gym?
How to sleep without getting sleep paralyzed?
Is this not bad for my age?
diet whey protein to lose weight?
Street value for Hyrdocodone Vicodin ES 7.5/300?
How to sleep without getting sleep paralyzed?
Am I depressed? Can loneliness cause depression?
my finger joints are swollen cos i cracked my fingers a lot, can i make them normal again?
Could I have caught Aids? Pls help me.?
Vaginal dryness (but I'm young!)?
small hair went inside foreskin?
How long does it take for a fingernail to grow out from bottom to top?
Bodyweight exercises?
someone reassure me that I'm not pregnant?
Pregnancy Signs or much Uti?
Im a teenage girl and I'm considered obese but I don't look obese?
Why am i always so tired at school, and how can i prevent it?
Back of mouth is red with a burning sentation. Help?
How long do you have to be exposed to paint until it kills brain cells?
Starting to get the white stains on my teeth from braces?
what could this be that im going thru?
Is it true pot can help kill cancer? What if its caused by smoking cigarettes.?
Am i eating wnough peotein to maintain my muscle during this diet?
im a dude and im bloated?
Reason for high ammonia in blood?
How to tune your face?
Is good take creatine and whey protein ?
What should I do to lose weight?
Does anxiety in teens cause heart disease?
Do I have social anxiety? ?
possible that I'm pregnant? !?
is 1400 calories a day enough?
What horse drills can train or exercise your horse?
NIACIN PILLS REMOVES THC FROM BODY?
Should I go to school today?
What do I do if I cannot control my emotions?
Intense pain, please help me?!?
I just took sudafed and one hour later drank a red bull now I feel like throwing up what should I do ?
How to get six pack abs & muscles in less than 3 Months?
What is a good diet plan along with exercises to drop body fat and get abs?
I just had a bad run, does this happen to you?
Bumps on back of throat and swollen tonsils?
Could I be pregnant ?
Weak erection caused by penis extender?
What is the average size of a 14 year old penis?
Period has come a week after I finished my last one after taking th morning after pill?
what is wrong with me?
How long does depression last from oxycodone withdrawl??? Help?
which is the best supplement for weight loss?
Why Would Doctor Run Bone Scan For Prostate Cancer?
Does Zirgan cause blurriness?
Men : I'm 19 Y/O dude and I haven't had my period yet, is this normal ?
How to feels great all the time?
how to get rid of serious acne spots?
Why does chest get inflamed after outdoor exercise after quitting smoking for 6 years?
is coffee good for stroke patients?
GAMKA MEDICAL UNFIT TO ME -DUE TO RESON TINY CALCIFICATION RIGHT HILER REGION-IS IT RIGHT OR WRONG?
What websites can I use to sell an aftershave gift set?
Is anuloma DS good for treating constipation?
Do you think I can lose 20pounds by time the middle of febuary comes?
Does it hurt baby if you sit up in bed to prop a pillow underneath you? Is it bad to lift yourself up ?
I was peeing blood. why ?
Muscle and fat calorie comparison and loosing fat?
period 7 days late-NOT pregnant!?
Help I need advice.......?
Frequent but short lasting bladder infection?
What legal high is worse for you?
Sleep/paralyzed/hallucination?
Men I got morning wood in the afternoon, is this normal?
15 years boy will i grow taller?
How tall can you really get, biologically?
I suffer from depression and I cut myself,help?
How do you get a bigger/toned butt?
What should I eat to lose weight?
Help me please i am going to suicide?
I starve myself, am i anorexic?
Todays its been 6 weeks should i be able to walk on my foot that had the fracture?
Is winter milk worse than summer milk in the UK?
I play with my penis but nothing happens how maybe I'm not doing it correctly?
Getting into constant arguments at home due to PTSD!!?
My braces are coming off in 3 weeks but I still got gaps in my front teeth, will I have to keep them on?
I am of 36,on fasting sugar level is129mg/dl and Two hours after breakfast it is 312mg/dl.What does it means.?
what does it mean when your period comes on for a day?
Help with chickenpox?
What could cause throwing up all night?
I think I have bipolar?
Does Rapid Loss really make you loose 70KG?
What to eat to gain muscle?
Gauges irritated and possibly ripped?
Flat stomach problems and Metabolism booster?
Can two bad days set back my progress a lot?
My foreskin is attached to the base of the head of my penis?!?!?
what is the term for obsessive shaving?
Will i need single vision or progressive lenses?
How do I tell my dad that I want to get a circumcision done?
Huge Red bump on my vagina!?
How can I best loose fat off my stomach ?
Is it enough to do pushups - pullups - crunches - leg raises - lunges everyday?
How to reduce pimple marks on your face?
aside from taking enough time to sleep, what is the other way to prevent sleep deprivation?
I'm so scared I'm become blank; emotionless?
How can I lose about 12kg in 2 months? I'm 62 kg currently and am needing to get down to 50 for cheer.?
Why can't I sleep for 10 or more hours straight?!?
dizzy when sitting down?
How can I lose weight?
How can I rid myself of nightmares?
a 50 year old man got new teeth since his fell out and says he lost his taste sense and looks worn down from?
Tired, Headaches....?
where do i get permanent gold teeth in Mississippi?
How to fix sleep pattern/schedule? (How long will it take to fix?)?
How do I now if my nose is broken?
how long should a guy wait to masturbate after varicocele Embolization?
Which multivitamin to take?
Is their any way you can shorten your period?
How to stop panic attacks?
How long does an injection take to enter the bloodstream?
How many orgasms can a woman have?
I need help with many issues?
My new dentist wiped his implements directly on my sleeve, should I change dentists?
Only 4 Female; if you find me Her health related answers?
As a diabetic type II patient, how should I take glucophage drug, before or after meals?
How do I stop eating gluten?? Please help?
I have problem with my private part?
Help..I have suffered recently with strong allergic rushes..?
masturbation energizes, not sedates?
from three months no periods?
Do I have genital herpes?
How to not be afraid of falling asleep?
help! Do i have inhalation anthrax?
Easiest way to lose 50-60 pounds?
Sleeping problems getting in the way of seeing my son and girlfriend?
Health tips? What to do?!?
Do women treat you differently when you lose weight and put on muscle ?
Do my teeth look straight enough to get my braces off?
I'm 17yr old guy and my height is 5'8 so will i reach 5'10 ?
How to bind my breasts safely?
Tell me one thing, is breast enlargemnt is good option , fr making breast bigger, they have sidefect? help me?
how to remove dryness, redness & pimples & itching in one day at home?
How long after you've had a heart attack can doctors diagnose that you had one?
I'm feeling sick don't know wot is wrong with me?
Why do I always get super pale during my period?
Something worried rashes and spreading?
I have a sinus infection?
Fun Ways to lose Weight?
Bad hiccups/ dryheave?
Is it better to exercise everyday with different muscle groups, or every other day with all muscle groups?
Pain while urinating, cystic lump (under the skin) of labia?
Can your period cycle change once you lose your virginity?
do squats actually make butt bigger? how many should I do to get great results?
How to get slim toned legs?
Is this smoothie going to be healthy?
Can you guys please help me with my problem?
what is the best thing to help with sleep problems?
Does it look like I've gained a lot of weight?
I have had a cough for about 4 weeks. Not a dry cough. No sore throat or fever, worse at night. No nasal drip.?
Why can I never sleep at night?
Is this common cold or something more serious?
Did i behaved wrong with my bf?
My mother is having heart surgery at the moment and I am anxious?
How long will it take to pull a tooth?
Is it ok to swim while have period???
Why have I been bleeding for over three weeks now?
Wha to do if period not come and want avoid pregnency.?
Can you rub a girls clit against the floor while giving her a back massage?
Some workout advice to gain muscles!?
Will they tell me I am too fat to fly?
is wisdom tooth needs to be remove or its optional?
Am I taxing my body too much?
Why do i always feel so wierd?
What would happen when i drink my sperm?
What heavy household item can i put in my backpack for weighted gym training?
I have been suffering from 1:320 typhi H so in that case what should i eat because i m getting so weak day by?
How to get abs for women?
Red Eyes caused by Eye Strain OR Dry Eyes?
Why cant I lose weight?
i sometimes get really pissed and then tell everyone nearby exactly what i think of them, nice or cruel things?
What are the effect of stress?
It's hard for me to get flab body instantly there is anyway out to do?
My uterus feels bloaded or swollen.?
why am i not losing weight?
fear of death at age 20?
Any Shots for parasites?
I have a lot of pain in my foot?
Could gymnastics be a cause of my lordosis?
I have hairfall problem since from 2010, now hairfall is on extreme level?
Is it hard getting a prescription to Xanax?
im not sure but i think i got my period but in like a spotting form ?
Anxiety I need to talk about it I would apprcaite some advise?
My right eye prescription no. +2.00 left eye no. -0.50*145'?
Im about to turn 16 and Idk know if I've hit puberty...?
Am I eating healthy?!?
Should I be alarmed of my abnormal heart beat?
Do the bones effect the body weight?
Whats a healthy diet for me?
What foods are good for \bodybuilders\?
I keep ruinig my clothes and sheets help!!!?
dandruff and hair is falling. Help!!!!!!!!!!!!!?
week 2 of program and no pain?
What would you do in this situation? Please please help me I've tried so hard to be positive about it?
15 m pain in top of head near ear but the top?
Why is breathing in during inspiration not affected by BRONCHOCONSTRICTION (asthma/COPD)?
I crapped my pants?????????
I think I have Borderline Personality Disorder, except...?
Is it too late To save my baby tooth?
How can I lose weight super fast?
How to Jog 3 times a week without getting too thin?
Do I have a healthy diet?
Swelling feet from sunburn?
Will a cosmetic surgeon still do a procedure on me with my health issues?
Ok .... making yourself purge?
How am I supposed to lose weight?
please help me i am in pain?
Depressed, Overweight but still need female friends right?
hallo sir my question?
Is it okay to smoke old cigarettes?
How can I cope with my anxiety?
Is it safe to jump in an ice hole after myocarditis?
Cramps can a women help me please?
How can I lose the last 10-15 pounds?
i'm 18 n i workout. what effect can masturbation have on my workout?
my wife age is 30 from yesterday she getting cough, now she is telling back ache and head ache and coughing is?
Can you purchase Advil without ID?
Why can't I ever fall asleep at night?
i want to lose weight,but i can't really keep a diet or exercise much cos my school schedule is very busy?
im depressed and i dont know why?
Can you please answer my question about high and weight?
I haven't been eating much and my body feels weird?
if you have sex after you find out your prefnant and have a stench down below what could be the cause?
Trying to sleep and I'm getting awakening jolts?
Lipid profile test with out fasting?
Stomach pain doc says it's GERD?
I think I have lumps on my breasts.?
I have a rash on my neck?
Good weight for a 16 year old guy?
boys puberty help please!?
Is it abnormal to not really mind dying if i could check out tomorrow?
My toe nail was black now it's bumping and curvy..is this normal?
I have a scar on my tailbone that i wana try to get rid of. Who should I consult?
45 Degree Thoracic Scoliosis. Surgery or Not?
Did I orgasm? Is there such thing as stages of orgasm? Do women experience it differently from 1 to the next?
boys purberty help!?!?!?!?
Why does it hurt when I ejaculate, I know it's not an STD. Keep in mind that I'm only 13.?
Have you ever broken a bone?
One of my gums hurts?
How hard is it living with lupus?
How do you cope with a father like this?
i have gum disease how do I get rid of the tar?
Does weight training get rid of fat?
Why am I breaking out in painful hives when I touch/eat anything?
Hit in the nose with a metal rounders bat URGENT!?
I'm 22 and getting hot flashes. please help.?
why is it so hard to diet ?
suffering from masterbation?
Why does my cold keep going away and coming back?
Ears clogged with water after swimming,please help?
would I be considered fthick, curvy or just plain obese lol?
Will my boyfriend be okay?
People say I look 110lbs but I'm not?? Help please?
I really want to have sex?
Do I have an intestinal blockage? PLEASE HELP?
Why am I always tired?
I have TRICHOTILLOMANIA (hair pulling) help me please???!!!!!!!?
Is a 6 1/2 inch penis small for 16?
How can I tone and cut up my body?
My tooth that has crown hurts?
What can be a huge pain in the right side of the back?
How to make yourself get up and work out??
Do I have an Internet Addiction Disorder? serious replies only?
Emotionally and Physically ?
im already 28 years old do i have a chance to make my penis long and big if i do the jelqng?
When is a good time to take my Pregnacy Test?
3 Benadryl and 2 muscle relaxers plus vodka before the pills?
where can I purchase Concerta 54mg in Thiruvalla, Kerala?
Possible to break Cervix?
Pain in my tummy that feels like a period pain and looks like light blood in urine?
Please Read Man's Physical Health?
What's a healthy way to gain weight?
Will dental implants services be helpful to us?
Does sex feel better than masturbation?
What are the advantages of bodyweight training?
What can i do for Eye Twitching?
Peripheral vision blind spot. Brain tumor?
How do I hide my cuts at school?
Do I need to pull back my foreskin to have sex with a condom?
Does Musturbation reduces our Health/Body? Plz Help.?
pull up and chin ups?
Is sitting in front of PC this long bad for my health?
what do you think i should wear to bed?
Am i having a heart attack or anxiety attack?
My boyfriend has liver disease :(?
Suggestions For Anxiety?
Erectile dysfunction?
Why hasn't he told me that he is seeing a therapist?
Does being uncircumcised make sex hurt less for a girl?
showering at the gym?
If I get a breast reduction how much will my boobs possibly shrink?
is Drinking for women safe?
PLEASE HELP. I am having vaginal problems but embarrassed to ask my fiance to take me to a specialist.?
do I have hemmoroids?
PEANUT-BUTTER ok for a healthy lifestyle?
extreme weight gain on implanon scared to take the pill?
Can vaginal fluids in sinuses cause illness?
How can He stop Drinking?
is any body using forteo injections?
how can An addict stop smoking?
I do this weird excerise with a furniture?
Foods that help build muscle?
Is 10cm penis small for a 14 year old?
Has anyone had ECT for depression?
Advice on using a tampon for beginner?
What to eat for a (Gout & HighBloodPressure) Patient?
Question for people who fast ONLY?
If I eat just quinoa and black beans, will I lose weight?
How often should I change my pad?
My girlfriend has a tender lump on her armpit, I don't know what to do or where to take her?
question about using condom?
i am 110 pounds and I feel obese Please help?
Which statement is accurate?
How do i lose weight?
Why can't i grow fat?
How can i loose weight?!?
Will anything bad happen 7 days after circumcision and I masterbate in the shower please help cuz I did it!!?
Am I loosing weight because eating healthy or loosing muscle?
Why am I always tired no matter how much sleep I get?
Just pierced my own nose think I hit a nerve HELP?
Very light, Short period from birth control?
Healthcare market place question?
i havent got my period?
My period is late!!! HELP!!?
I want to be a doctor, what kind of doctor should I be?
What's wrong with me?
Is this a good breakfast for a diet?
What is so wrong with self-harm?
What are the best bikini body workout DVDs?
Question about genital warts?
And I pregnant? Help?
Should i use a fleshlight?
how do i tell if im clean after a shower?
Will doing squats make my thighs and butt bigger or thinner?
Im really worried about my penis size?
Can I Lose 80lbs in 5 months?
Can anxiety and depression play tricks in your head?
My penis forskin not goes back automatically when my penis erect...?
How can I be sure if I am going crazy? Or not?
How can a young person within age of twenty increase their height?
how long to get abs and how?
what about charcot-marie-tooth-disease how does it affect diabetese?
Why am I urinating so frequently?
Is it bad to take viagra? Can it harm your body?
I bought polyethylene glycol 3350 powder form can I still vape with it?
Leg injury SOMEBODY PLEASE HELP ME ?
Are anxiety and depression linked to one another?
It feels like there is a drop of water under my skin on my arm?
Concerned about weight/ doctors?
What's the worst pain you've ever felt?
will I lose weight by doing this?
has any one tried SONOVIT or INTELLEC medicine?
How come I am pooping brown water? Every 10-15min. Stomach Flu? Food poisoning?
Exercises to do with an injured back?
I am a 27 years old and was just told I had a neuroendocrine neoplasm tumor in my gallbladder.?
Blood circulation Problem in feet!?
I'm getting braces. Help.?
Symptoms of current hip problem?
I had unprotected sex with my boyfriend and two days later I got my period, I can't get pregnant, right?
Working out with protein shakes?
Need good nutrition plans?
There's a pimple in mouth?
Dizzy when standing up?
why do i have a small chest?
I want to purchase a Radionic Machine for Homoeopathic drugs?
Something weird happened to me while if was sleeping?
I need help with my teenage son?
what are the effects of holding in your poop for too long?
Short menstrual cycle?
Been on the pill for almost 3 years. Is taking it 5 hours late really a huge problem? should i be concerned?
I have allergy like symptoms which causes right eye pain and right side headache.Is it related to brain tumor?
PLAN B do i need it ?
I would like to lose weight?
should i feel worried about my eye strain?
Very underweight, tips or diets for weight gain?
I dont know what to do?
Why does this happen?
I have a problem with an up straight erection. Please help.?
Should I get a flu shot after being exposed, possibly, to the flu?
how to stop cigarette cravings?
How do I know if I need stitches?
are these signs of borderline personality disorder ?
How long can I go without pooping?
When should I expect my voice to change?
method of monitoring your heart rate for cardiovascular activity?
Signs of your first period?
This Darn Strange Feeling!?
What is wrong with my brother and what can be done about him?
Can a 9 year old at 115 pounds take 2 regular advil liquid gels?
Is it normal to feel sick during the time of ovulation?
i just got my first period?
what medications would help with diabetic foot pain?
I am 17 years old and have good physics but my face has pimples not all over but it has moderate amount?
Should I go to the hospital?
Do I have the flu or just a stomach ache?
How to treat in homoeopathy Phimosis?
Why am I so itchy!?!?!!?
Kidney Infection? or something else?
best meds for sciatica?
Heart again. What's the difference between chronic a-fib, and persistent a-fib?
I have shave bumps, that wont go away . & under my vagina I have bumps .. PLEASE HELP. It cant be an STD?
Why are my boobs 2 cups size different?
Shampoo went up my nose..?
Can I use amoxil 500mg?
how to get teeth grillz in?
Went to go get std tested and?
Do I have a dry socket?
Why do I still feel depressed?
I weigh 115 pounds and I am 5'2 (female)?
At the end of the day, I binge about a million calories in junk food!?
What will happen if I smoke a pack of cigarettes?
How soon can I lose 10 lbs?
My toenail is falling off? :(?
Please help! I can't sleep!!!!?
leg problem????????????
HOW TO REMOVE A PIECE OF GLASS FROM INSIDE MY TODDLERS FOOT?
The Spread of Wrestling Diseases?
im sometimes sleeping and then i wake up feeling like im pealized?
how can i lose 5 kg in 1 month and grow taller?
Very erratic sexual urge?
Pain and bleeding during sex?
Can I have a tampon in all day at school without changing it?
Sharp pain in chest when I breathe?
Is this dry blood? If so, How long should dry blood come out of my vagina?
Where is a good place to buy capri yoga pants?
Ladies my mom won't let me use a tampon -.- advice please :)?
What is mesothelioma?
Will i need a root canal?
I keep waking up at 3 am?
Do you think this pregnancy test looks positive, I can't tell?
Is the throat part of the respiratory system?
Can birth control help irregular periods?
Is it natural for eyes to change colors.?
Is it bad if my girlfriend's ex has a larger penis than me?
will a guy ever loose his sperm?
Is this \detox\ water healthy?
bottom of throat sore from purging?
I gained 100 pounds in a year?
I gained 100 pounds in a year?
why am I not losing weight? (seriously trying)?
Should I get dental sedation?
Could my mom have breast cancer! Help?
Trying to change my eating habits and lose weight?
Periods pads and tampons good brands?
Is it true all black girls wear wigs?
Stomach makes weird noises when nervous?
Question about mediating?
I have Low thyroid What I have to do ?
What is the best way to loose body fat but gain muscle?
My vagina is burning after shower?
Lose 50-60 pounds in 7-8 months?
Having a baby after STD's?
Do I have the slightest bit rare eyes?
I turned 16 1 week ago and i am 5'11...Can i pass 6'?
i feel like i'm eating a LOT latley and im a tiny skinny girl is this a sign of pregnancy?
Movies help my depression?
Need to fix messed up circumcision from birth can I go to the doctor myself?
How should I work out?
why is it that my whole body hurts intensely, when only my sinuses are infected?
Little white dots on thumb?
First time smoking weed ? How can i avoid paranoia (freaking out) ?
Should i go to sleep after a blow to the head?
Paranoid I might have lung cancer?
How to put a tampon in and remove a tampon?
Me and my friends are gonna go out tomorrow. They're gonna take weed so we can smoke.?
Accidentally ate solid food before colonoscopy?
Does this sound like a healthy breakfast?
Can someone help me lose this stomach?
Does eating more than your metabolism increase your metabolism and can occasional undereating reduce it?
my foreskin does not go over the head of my penis should i get checked?
sharp pain after urinating, abdomen pain, frequent urination?
Is it normal to have an orgasm just from being tickled on my feet ?
Fixing a chipped tooth?
Infected athletes foot, help!?!?
How can I change my eating habits?
Does the type of food that I eat, greatly influence my workout results?
sprained penis,and it had a loud pop to it don't know what to do to get it fixed somebody please help us?
Help! Extremely sweaty hands!?
Causes of a swollen bicep area?
liqud bumps down there?
terrified of gaining weight after losing it!?
Braces color opinion?
Got any tips on quitting smoking?
Help wisdom teeth grow?
Is B17 a real vitamin and if so what are the benefits of it?
I need help with bra sizes! Please help!?
neck pains..please answer?
Birth control and Condoms?
Would mixing raisin Bran with butter milk be effective for constipation?
what will i be when i grow up?
Do e-cigs have second hand smoke?
1.5 cm Thyroid nodule w blood flow --- report says needs biopsy?? Help is this cancer?
How can I grow 3-4 inches taller?
Does it mean something to have dreams about me having severe low blood sugar??
what is the solution for my syndrome premature ejaculation???when i start sex..its finish witin 10 seconds?
how to give yourself a spa treatment?
Will eating more protein but healthy food make me lose weight or gain it?
Will lemon and baking soda mixed together rid my underarm odor?
what does a prostate do?
Can Accutane delay my period?
I'm such a fatass... how do I work this off?
Healthy Breakfast Ideas?
How to gain healthy weight?
Frequent yeast infection!?
Best way to tell your mom that you self harm?
Post wisdom teeth extraction?
Would you have a relationship with someone who self harms?
boyfriend has unusual ***** size... adults only!?
why do i like the smell of my farts?
I want to have oral but?
Missed first five days of birth control pack?
Can heart murmurs come back?
Is this pretty good exercise for me?
Sometimes I just want to die?
Is this normal when I stretch?!?
Faint heart murmur??
do eggs make your metabolism faster?
My nostrils feel like they are congested and im not sure why.?
What is wrong with my quads and how do I treat it?
Body building / weight loss question .?
Why can't I lose fat?
what can i do to get my pain tolerance at its max ( should i go see a therapist/shrink? or..)?
Trying to lose weight after having a baby?
What is the average weight for a 5'3 14 year old girl?
how can i prevent a cold?
what is Parkinsons disease? how does it effect the body?
Can you get herpes from someone who didn't have it yet?
Why couldn't I wake up the morning after heavy drinking?
Light early peroid, hymen, stress or peregnent? HELP?
Can a diet/lifestyle change cause girl problems?
I found a clear, squishy glob in my underwear..?
What happens if I wear smaller pants then I should?
i got a pee drug test smoked 3 hits in a joint i dont smoke often how long will it take to gey out of my syste?
why do my stomach swell?
What is the name of this sickness?
help pleaze I'm emotional!?
What are the chances of getting HIV from one encounter if I'm a male penetrating a female?
Huge zit on my forehead dance is in a few days!?
Why do my throat hurt when cough or sneezes? 10 point.?
How can I get rid of ance fast?
Am I a big person or not or am I average?
What is the difference between a counseller and a psychotherapist ?
Which companies carry out research on illnesses that are to do with the brain?
Pain in left foot, especially big toe?
How can I loose weight without any real diet?
I can't stop getting fatter?
Can Someone Help Me With Diet Plans?
Can Someone Help Me With Diet Plans?
I can't. I can't go on. Please. Help me.?
How to lose belly fat fast?
no adult teeth. but i want braces?
Flat stomach work outs ? Pull stomach in ?
Would you be put off, if you went to see a therapist and he only looked about 21 ?
Im a girl an im 5 foot 7 how much should i weigh?
some good at home workouts?
I keep getting my period every couple if weeks. Is something wrong?
i hear footsteps and walking but no one there but i hear them talking too what does this means?
Why do I have a lump in my scrotum?
I'm so fat! (Easy 10 points)?
I'm 5\ and 96 lbs. If I drop down to 90lbs will I look sick?
how effective is birth control?
Syeda Birth Control?? Positive feedback?
Brown line on the back of penis?
Is it okay to drink while taking lipozene?
Weird lower left/lower central abdominal \pain\?
Looking for place to take cpr/first aid classes?
Doing a NO sugar bet?
First time tampon? Help!?
How to get rid of headache/what is causing it?
Im 18 and ever since I can remember I've had Social anxiety and GAD,I've tried CBT... What's next?
My mom hits me all the time?
Drinking on Bupropion?
Haven't gotten my period in 3 months?
Allergic reaction!!!?
How much weight can I lose doing this?
how do i get rid of thc out of my system in the next 6 days ?
Is it normal for a guy to have a really hairy butt.?
A few questions about birth control?
Would it be unhealthy to go a year without candy?
My friend cuts for attention?
Is this considered abuse?
I want to lose about 20 pounds...?
Spotting after my period? 10 points!?
do I have a minor concussing?
weight loss question?
The best way to work out your forearm?
I was recently drunk and was convinced to pierce my cock.?
Is rabies contagious during incubation period?
What are good exercises to loose weight?
What are good exercises to loose weight?
is this a good diet for me?
had this diagnosed as a toenail funal infection. that was a couple of months ago still looks like this?
What could cause tenderness on random patches of skin?
had this diagnosed as a toenail funal infection. that was a couple of months ago still looks like this?
Is there anything I can do to make a rowing simulation?
How do you cure irritated red acne?
How to grow taller at 18.?
How dangerous is cocaine?
Did I Broke My Growth Plate?
Why do I poop So Much?
Alcoholic needs help?
What's wrong with my ear?
Do as many people suffer from depression as we think?
Bad stomach pain and green stool?
Please, what's wrong with my gauges?
does Vomiting blood mean you have cancer?
Think my asthmas getting worse?
How can I lose weight? Please!?
Why am I always nervous for nothing at all?
How can i tell my parents i have depression?
How many calories in HALF a dragonfruit?
How much calories do certain exercises burn?
HELP! I think my friend might be dangerously depressed!?
Is this my period coming?
What exactly is borderline personality disorder?
If you eat alittle weed once how long will it be in your system?
I wish I had more time in the day. Could I train my body to sleep only 6 hours instead of my usual 8 or 9?
most people breakout during their period I always do after mine, is there a way to prevent this?
is it normal to fantasize that i want girls to touch my private part if cos their hand is attractive?
Braces Question: Elastics?
Natural ways to enhance breast growth?
Workout question?! help!!?
Is a Non Nicotine E-Cig bad for you?
Bullying Problem, help?
Constant wrist pain. Any ideas of what it is?
Tea detox for weight loss, does it work?
WOuld I gain weight with eating 2000 calories today?
Rapid and pounding resting heart rate?
What can I do to stop eating past 8?
Am I pushing myself when I workout..?
Why am i not growing?
is a man that is 6'1 255 pounds good for his height?
My computer started to smoke. What should I do. Please answer quickly?
Extremely Irregular Periods?
How often should my orthodontist change my archwire?
Fitbit and counting steps > Does it go off of arm movements?
How do you cure the stomach virus?
Why is it determential to use melatonin?
Can I work out late at night?
Serious question---Is 28 too old to be pretending I am snuggling with Mom and Dad like a kid?
Getting marijuana out of system?
If I weigh 120 lbs how FAST can I lose weight on a 500 calorie diet?
What disorder could I have?
Working out but gaining weight? :(?
Is this IBS or is my diet just crappy?
what are these its about 8 cigarettes that are hand rolled wrapped in leaves and has rocks inside?
I took Panadol for period pains but it isn't working, is it too soon to take something else?
How long would it take to lose 10 lbs?
am I goin to lose weight from this?
I think there's water in my ear will it come out by it self?
why might my hand be like this?
Is my life over? I feel suicidal..?
I really wanna loose my belly fat?
Lost 5 pounds in less than 2 days.. Is this natural?
Brown looking discharge??
Am I skinny fat? (Pictures included)?
blood when i poop and i have ibs?
What would a cancer patient like to receive in a care package?
What happens to the body when one has a heart attack?
what are the different dosages of lisinopril mfg lupin?
How can I grow 3-4 inches taller?
What happens when one has cirrhosis (what happens to the body) and is it always fatal?
tiny lump in my breast help?
Why does cold weather make my stretched ears swell?
Why is alcoholism considered a family disease?
When someone is an alcoholic do they usually have another underlining mental illness as well?
Haven't slept in two days?
I changed up my diet. Is this better now?
Need help starting the Maker's Diet?
Food poisoning two days ago, still feel ill when I eat?
Ideal weight for an 18 year old male?
Will THC show on pre-surgery blood test if i'm a habitual smoker?
Can you build mass without increase in strength?
Is this just a blood clot ( period question)?
Does group therapy help?
Will you get a better and thicker beard growth if you shave more often?
Do i have a bladder infection? HELP!?
Will I be short when I'm older?
Please help?? Weight question?
Got my hand pieced yesterday and last night n today it was bleeding a little is this normal?
What happens if I eat natural banana pancakes everyday and exercise?
Do I have oral cancer? Please help!?
How long will it take me to reach my goal weight?
Is butter an inflammatory food? Should I eat vegetarian butter like Earth Balance instead?
Is it possible that I have diabetes? Help?
I'm gunna be an amateur boxer and I take a nitric oxide supplement NO3 Chrome. Am I allowed to take it?
How to get rid of water weight!?!?!?
How can i relax and stretch my jaw?
Help control emotions?
How long do I wait for my Depo-Provera to work?
babys thumb jammed I think?
My muscles are sore after exercising?
how to tell when you ovulate?
Is it possible for implantation bleeding to feel and look like a normal period?
Is drinking milk bad or good?
I am 5'9 and I weigh 392? How much weight do I need to lose to be considered in a healthy range?
Tips for the first time using tampons?
suicidal because of my low grades?
Can Hand Sanitizer Gel be used as Lube?
I was just sick, now I don't feel like eating...?
10 points. How can I make this heal faster?
I'm about to end my life I need help?
Pain in right knee and ankle?
I use condoms, but my period is 4 days late. And I've had cramping and my breasts are sore. Pregnant?
Is ovarian cancer usually fatal (50-50) or easy to treat?
How to build big muscles ?
Do I have gastroparesis?
How often does one need the flu shot to be protected?
Where to get weight training help ?
Can someone still get a severe flu even after getting the flu shot?
Why is this year's flu season worse in the USA then most years?
Any tips and excuses? Please help me?
How to get professional fitness advice on internet ?
Questions about my dick and other things?
Medical Help? Anyone?
Help me with my Drug And Alcohol test.?
Taking antidepressant with sleep pills (with double dosage)?
Help me with my Drug And Alcohol test.?
Any healthy food suggestions?
My poop really hurts and I cant get it out!?
some sort of blood some body explain?
Good food for a skinny guy who wants to build muscles?
Help me with my Drug And Alcohol test.?
Why is there a fart smell coming from my anus/vagina?
Abrasion on head of penis. Need help!!?
How to get rid of man boob for a 16 years old boy?
I am getting tired of working out in gym, no results?
Is it normal for a 14 year old boy to lose 30 hairs a day because I am really worried?
how can a lose weight fast?
my period is late I haven't had sex but hace been exercising what should I do ?
best exercise to do with my girlfriend?
How do I lose weight? I am 220 pounds and want to get down to about 200 or 205?
Severe cramps and clear discharge !?
what whey protein is best for gaining muscle?
Should I do acid? Or schrooms? Or DMT?
How bad does pepper spray hurt and what do you do if you wear contacts?
Can you have hsv1 and hsv 2 in one area?
What should I do about the hospital padding my bill?
Why do I have a thigh gap??!?
Is lifting weights everyday good or bad?
Could I have contracted rabies?
How do I stop eating?
Is lifting weights everyday good or bad?
is 5'7 and 131 lbs a healthy weight/hight combo?
How to overcome severe depression and suicide thoughts?
How to get toned as a vegan?
Another Penis size question... sorry people :(... Experienced ladies only please :)?
did I have an implantation bleed or a period?
Why do some women take a long time in the feminine hygiene ailse?
What happened to my sex drive?
Is my cough ever going to go away?
I've done ecstacy over seventy times?
What's the most luxurious night's sleep you've ever experienced?
HELP! I'm scared of him? Should I move away?
how can I get rid of a thigh gap?
Where can I buy empty syringes?
Is a hotel manager allow to has a day off to get braces?
what excerise can do at home?
Regular stomach rumbling, causing embarassment?
Is there drugs like fear gas in batnan?
What should I do? I feel as if my life is pointless and Im lost.?
Any good energy supplements to keep me awake and alert throughout the day?
what is tarceva? My husband has small cell lung cancer?
HELP! IM EATING TO BE HAPPY?
Guys: do you examine your body before you take a shower?
Something wrong with bowels?
Extremely stiff and sore 3 days after an intense chest workout?
Different ways to masturbate?
i dont want to go to prom?
Why do my feet (toes) burn so badly?
How should I treat a puncture wound?
When is a good time to suggest a woman use a douche?
Is this normal for men to do?
Healthy weight gain during pregnancy?
Can you employer tell you that you need medication?
WHY IS MY TONGUE WHITE WITH RED BUMPS?!!?!?
reaction to novacaine?
My thighs/legs keep getting thicker!?
How do you build stamina for better sex?
White cloudy vaginal discharge?
Dilaudid is not effective for my pain, but weaker opioids are?
If I eat unsalted saltine crackers and banana with drinking tons of water, will I lose weight?
Help, I think I cut too deep?
Had sex unprotected my girl of 5 months had her period..I shouldve known better but can i get any infection?
I mean, does it take just eating healthy and exercising to lose weight?
MY LIFE SUCKS ( panic attacks )?
What will this workout do?
How Can I Work-Out regularly without getting sick so often?
I am a girl, and i sweat alot no matter what weather, how do i stop this?
Why does my weight go up and down?
Should I see a doctor? What's going on?
How should i start working out/dieting?
How should I lose weight?
i need a lil help here?
Growth during puberty?
WHY IS MY TONGUE WHITE WITH RED BUMPS? Some please help?
Can a 10-15 year old girl get a UTI?
Constipated For 4 days?
Im 14 and 6\3 do u think I'm done growing ?
How do u lose heaps of fat within 3-6 weeks without going to the gym?
Protein shake causing diarrhea. Cure?
Dieting!? Please help!?
Is weight watchers dinners you buy at a store ok for you to eat?
Fitbit help please!!?
feel sick after using computer?
Glioblastoma Multiforme, Worried?
How can I get rid of love handles?
Can naps make up sleep?
can i build arm muscle with a exercis ball?
I have accidentally got a free prescription, as I presumed I was medically exempt, need advice?
I cant eat sometimes without feeling sick?
30 pounds in less then 3 months?
These past 24 hours.....?
How many cal in Vietnamese stir fry?
my butt hole hurts after being washed?
What is the shelf life of a condom?
Will this affect my BMR?
I'm a girl and I have chest hair?
How to kick a Tim Hortons addiciton (literally)?
Im gonna start to eat 500 calories a day?
ibuprofen is it safe to take?
Face masks for fresher looking skin?
Help me please!!!!!!!!!?
how can i get arms like this?
What is the Braces process?
Need help, was sick today?
Is there a drug that will completely block off all emotion?
i have a weird question?
What would be a healthy weight for me?
I am 4' 10 and 87 pounds, am I overweight?
Marijuana's presence in urine test?
i was tested positive for herpes type one. does that mean my boyfriend has it?
Help with making this recipe suitable for diabetics?
How safe is it to have sex with a condom only?
Wtf is it common for antibiotics to cause black hairy tongue?
Do you think I can lose 20pounds by time the middle of febuary comes?
How is the Flu deadly?
Help! Septum piercing + bleeding?
Can someone estimate how tall Ill be?
quick answers please.. whats best body wash for men?
where exactly do you shave?
Do I have Bipolar Disorder?
Is it generally safe to take over the counter pills/vitamins? And are they effective ?
How to lose weight fast?! Help!!?
Pain inside my ribcage?
Why should girls shave their pubic hair?
What's wrong with me?
Period not starting on birth control?
2k run and 40 minute extreme cardio?
Feeling disconnected from everything?
When will I start my period?
Why are girl's hormones messed up during periods?
Why is this happening instead of my period!?
should i go to the er for stomach pains?
When will I start my period?
How long will I live without daily exercise?
Hip pain when running?
Have i eaten enough? weightgain?
What will help me feel better?
Can I wear a pad while swimming?
Constipated 4 days HELP?
Permanent tooth loose?!?!?
Do people with ocd (contamination) rely too much on Lysol?
Why can't I put a tampon in!!!!?
My friend might have mono?
I'm 14, 5'4 and weigh 120 lbs! I want to lose 10!?
My rooster is growin canker need help to cure please?
I am male, only 13 stone, but have fat on chest, male boobs, and pot belly; is the uphill climb and rowing?
does anybody know what this is?
please help! Hawley retainer?
Orgasm too soon and too short?
2 week long and ongoing period, nothing anatomically wrong?
Is it true you must sweat to lose weight?
Brown/reddish semen?
today's marks 2 weeks at The gym!?
How much am I suppose to weigh I'm 5'5 and 21 years old?
Best way to gain weight and muscle?
today's marks 2 weeks at The gym!?
Is it too late to begin yoga?
Best workout to do at home?
15 years old, 5\10, is my penis small?
Anorexic Questions? Help!?
Cramps but no period?!?
300 Sit-ups + 4 miles run per day?
HELP ME PLEASE! Suicidal teen?
What are the effects of smoking weed on these medications?
Is it normal that I watched porn as a teenage guy?
I'm coughing and it's bad?
Very High heart rate?
Burning while peeing after masturbation?
will squats help me lose fat from my butt?
Period about to start?
Can you lose body fat without losing pounds?
How to get rid of lower belly fat??
Why am I so overweight?
how can i hide my food?
diet question for getting fit?
Do i have a yeast infection?
How can I become skinny?
Weird twitching in belly?
constant lower back pains/aches?
weird throat feeling at night?
if i weigh 107 lbs how long will it take to clear marijuana outta my system?
if i weigh 107 lbs how long will it take to clear marijuana outta my system?
What im about to have my period ?
i have smoked a joint?
i started to cut/self harm?
I lack self confidence, so I won't go to the gym on my own, and I need to get fit?
How to tell my mom I got my first period?
What does it mean if I have big nipples?
Can i lose 50 pounds in 5 months?
What is wrong with my stomach?
prozac helped premature ejaculation first time but not second?
Does a tampon make your period stop for a little?
Normal resting heart rate?
Stomach tender above belly button?
I hate my period, how can I remove it permanently?
What is the best option for correcting my teeth?
what track event should i do?
Whats a good weight to be lifting ( Bench, Power Clean, Squat, Dead lift)?
Period blood is really weird?
Do I have an eating disorder?
Pre-work out protein shake WITHOUT almond milk (allergic)? Preferably one that tastes good.?
Does weight lifting really stunt your growth?
White discharge after period with strong odor ?
a bit worried,first tme?
Weird sympthomes after listening to a song?
Pain in lower abdomen on my left side after sex. What could be wrong?
What's the best way to get off painkillers?
Did I give my gf cold sores on her gums?
Morning pills and then back to sleep?
I'm getting braces tomorrow? Help?
Wisdom tooth problem- can I go to a clinic instead of a dentist?
fitness19 or fitworks gym?
Why do I sometimes hear a faint but constant sound of the doorbell ringing?
Seasonal allergies, how to treat it?
How to go from this size...to skinnier with food?
How did I get a cavity?
Help! Self harm question of my past?
Pain and bleeding after sex???
When puberty begins how long till the growth spert begins?
15 years old 5'9 1/2 weigh 140 but look fat?
How do I get a 6 pack in about 6 months?
how do i cure my swollen finger?
how to calm nerves before public speaking?
SEVERE MUSCLE SPASMS?
I smoked once on christmas but just took one or two hits. I have a drug test today?.?
A part of my arm is swollen...?
How to break my horrible sleeping pattern?
Why is health services sending me mail?? please help?
Extremely tired, dizzy?
Having problems finishing/coming...?
If I join a Gym and Work out Every day for an hour or hour and a half will I loose weight?
How many calories to lose 2 stones?
Is there a way to get a fake medical paper?
Question about pain medicine and alcohol?
why do i sweat mildly and excessively when doing 30 min workout?
Need serious help and am i doing good so far on losing weight?
Why do I keep waking up when I sleep?
I'm tired all the time and have suddenly lost all motivation to exercise. HELP?!?!?
At the weight of 8 stone 8 pounds will i lose weight on the slimfast diet ?
why does my penis seem to be getting smaller?
Is this a cold sore, or what?
Why Am I Like this? (10 points?)?
How can I grow a beard faster?
When I bite down it feels weird, why?
How can I control my erection?
Is there any hope for me to lose weight?
ghosting vision in one eye?
Am I likely to be put in to a mental home?
Estimate to when I will get the body I want?
Is it possible to get a 6 pack in 3 months?
How to make your penis bigger?
How long would it take me to lose 10 lbs?
i had my wisdom teeth removed 9 days ago, but im still in pain?
Effects from ritalin?
I get bumps/whitheads/pimple ONLY on the ztone nowhere else how do i get rid of them and prevent them !!?
does weed cure cancer?
can hepatitis c be transmitted through sex?
How long will it take For my hair to come back?
Is this a cold sore, or what? (Picture)?
Bump and blood in my ear?
would working out clean your system out before a drug test?
Why am I still fat, what am I doing wrong?
Acne treatment for oily acne prone skin?
will I get a black eye?
What are these little balls/lumps?
What grades do i need to be a dentist?
Is my belly button infected?
Is my belly button infected?
two bumps on each side of my head is it part of my skull?
Is it healthy to replace food with chewing gun?
Am I Unusually Strong? Could lift 200 lb at 7 years old?
whats it called when you flinch a lot?
Why is it important to eat healthy?
Why do some people self-harm?
Mood changes at night?
What are the chances of getting Diabetes if one of your parents has it yet you eat healthy and are not fat?
tips for weight loss and exercise?
My baby tooth is a tiny bit slack, will it become slacker naturally?
Does ritalin work right away?
Why dont i feel high when i smoke?
If heart failure is caused by Anorexia, will recovery from the eating disorder reverse the heart failure?
How long till I'm able to lose more than 200 calories?
What does the doctor give you for a stress fracture?
How do I masturbate for longer?
I'm 14 5'3 and weigh 99 pounds.?
What are the side effects from protien powde?
I have been having some problems with going to the toilet in both areas?
Does your body need sugar?
why are sites being blocked that are legel to see?
30 day squat challenge, butt lift results?
How to lose stomach fat?
Do you have to wash your hands after using a laptop?
Is it possible to do anal masturbation?
what should i do, any tips?
how can i instantly and easily get rid of acne?
how long for pap results?
Can I take omeprazole after eating?
I have HIV when is enough enougj?
will i get any taller?
Strange bumps on vagina?
pain in my testicles?
Why does my foot hurt?
wat are some good non-expensive penis growth pills?
How to lose belly weight?
i have a concussion but have to write exams in a week?
Do you put a crown on a cracked tooth?
What will happen with my weight?
\Bad trip\ from Marijuana?
Bacterial infection and cut on my vagina?
Food poisoning question?
Why am I always exhausted?
What size cup should I soak my dentures in?
Can't feel my finger properly?
how could get free dental work done in ga?
How can I masturbate normally ?
Can i hurt myself if i extecise too much and overdo it?
How effective is Proactive for acne?
I self harm and my arms seriously hurt?
Started my period... I think?
What is this, a cold sore?
Looking for a natural alternative to Zoloft - anyone?
Pain meds and headaches?
What is this on my toe?
Why do I feel so alone, and how can I stop feeling this way?
if i were to live on water, fibre and fruit and veg for 6 months how much weight would i lose?
How to relax when nervous?
masturbation in girls?
I'm having spotting 10 days before my period. Is this norml?
How to whiten your teeth if you're in 7th grade?
How do you get rid of stretch marks?
Will my femur fix after it broke due to a cyst in the neck of the hip?
Women sex question. Please actually try to help. Thanks (:?
What is retroverted uterous and how can i mend it?
can eating mushrooms give you a sinus infection?
how to clean my system from THC in two weeks?
everytime I get up I feel like I'm going to faint?
Are adult night terrors a one night thing, or are they reoccuring?
HOW DO I GET THE RED OUT?
What is this on my bikini line?
MegaT green tea fat burner?
Am I overweight at 5'3 & 153lbs?
Metronidazole kidney disease alcohol effects?
Why do I keep falling asleep at 3rd period?
What is wrong with me?
Hi I need help on something?
can you still build muscle even though your weights don't increase?
Heavy Breakfast - Weight Gain Foods ? ( Livin in India)?
My friends said I have herpes because of a red thing on my bottom lip...?
Doctors: Nose bled yesterday and know I need to blow my nose?
can someone please explain this to me?
Out of cymbalta....HELP?
Is it possible for me to have Borderline Personality Disorder?
Neeeeed helpp. please????
What to eat and what exercise you should do to lose weight?
whats the difference between personality disorder and borderline personality disorder?
i have been going through weird feelings lately,am i suffering from psychosis?
Two migraines in one week?
Poor shoulder posture? Should I wear a brace?
How can I cure my sore throat?
What does it mean to have a really high red blood cell count?
Help!!?? Im at a high risk!!?
Random Diabetic spikes?
Ladies please, Itchy?!?
Leg hair falls out too easily?
Is it totally safe to take birth control pills to stop having period?
How can I stop stressing so much?
Work out routine question?
Hit my head really hard and when I bend over my whole head esp. Where I hit it hurts. Why? And will I be okay?
Hiv blood work??? the preocess?
Is my sleeping habit unhealthy and what can it cause?
Guys , do you feel \ anything\ when you wear a condom?
I lifted too much weight and hurt my right leg. Will this heal?
why can't i sleep all night without waking up???
What does transient dilation of right renal collecting structures mean?
Extreme film anxiety?
how can i get arms like this?
Is rosewater good for cleaning genitals?
How do I quit smoking?
my period is a day late and im on my second day i been having sore nipples is this a normal pms?
How does a CT scan actually work?
Help with motivation?
I'm conscious about my penis size?
I genuinely Don't want to work?
Please help! I don't know what I have!?
i weight 239 pounds and bench 210 pounds and im only 19 is it possible for me to get to 300 pounds?
how to smile if you have crooked teeth?
How can I get rid of my freakishly huge thighs?
I think my brother is addicted to tv. What do i do?
Only taking in about 700 calories a day?
Is not eating much breakfast or lunch bad for me?
How healthy is this homemade granola?
What should my weight be I'm 5ft 2 in male?
Can I get a reliable HIV test without waiting 3 to 6 months?
How do you know when hemorrhoids are healing?
Neck lift surgery and still tight and numb?
I need help on my period. Please read.?
Red itchy rash all over my body! starts with small bumps and then theres more and they get bigger when i itch!?
Is a starvation diet really unhealthy?
Help... I can't stop crying because period...?
Im 23 years old and a male, and scared to have sex? What to do?
what medicine helps Cystic acne?
Pain in hip area. Am very worried!?
Blood in my underwear??? help?
how can I lose weight quickly but steadily?
Where do I put my tongue with these retainers?!?
unnessacary dental cleaning?
Do I need to take chemistry in school if I want to be a dentist?
how do i help my girlfriend stop cutting and help her with depression?
Gym weight loss plan?
How can I get more patients that do not use medicare at a chiropractic office?
One part of my left eye is red?
A pants size 26 and 160 pounds (5'3\ tall)?
My cutlure result is negative but the yeast infection came back ?
I just started my period.?
Why can't i work out?
What's going on with my braces?
If I keep drinking milk will I not be lactose intolerant?
Was in a car with people smoking can I fail?
My stomach feels FULL .. How do I empty it?
I have no ambition, at all. Help!?
My stomach feels FULL .. How do I empty it?
IM DYING!!?? IM DYING!!?? SCARED!!?
After puberty what happens?
Will it affect your growth if you get hit on the spine?
Why do I feel dirty after masterbating?
Will it hurt to break my hymen?
What are the symptoms of getting your period?
How can persons with Asperger's have good verbal skills, and yet poor social skills?
Is it bad I never got sex Ed in school?
Giving chemo to someone without cancer?
knee pain in artifical knee?
Why did I throw up three times?
I have accidentally got a free prescription of anti-depressants, HELP ?
What's the best way to seduce my man?
Why is there a lump on the back of my head?
Why did I throw up three times?
How to cure happed lips?
Should I take this throat medicine before I catch a sort throat from a family member?
Brown blood, no period, two weeks before period, what could it be?
How much weight can I lose by August 2014?
my left testical is smaller than left testical?
How often should I get Pap smears?
Are these legit? Need to know ASAP?
46 female pain in lower back head and severe right eye pain thought it was cold or sinus?
Depression/ teen suicide?
Does anybody know about blisters?
Pms questions please read?
How to lose 5 pounds mainly off stomach and thighs??
What color is my penis?
Weird feeling...could i be pg?
17, asking about contraceptive pill?
how did this happen...body question?
Does this look like poisonous black mold to you?
What are these floating things in front of my eyes?
What is a good weight?
Marble in my testicle?
i think im getting down syndrom.. :/?
do i have some kind of mental disorder?
I am getting urine whenever I drink water nearly 20 times a day. How to stop it,I am normal and confused that?
Gym fitness and sickness?
My boyfriends Neustrophils level is 3.6 and Hemoglobin is 7.6 any ideas on what could be wrong?
Am I doing too much exercise?
brown stuff coming out of vag?
alternatives to choclolate/sweets and motivation to stop eating junk?
my period has lasted 2 weeks is dizziness normal?
Im 17 and im tryin to loose weigh so i can enlist in the US Navy and my pettyofficer told me?
Is starvation mode real? Lets say you only consume 500-1000 calories a day, along with 45 mins of cardio.?
Am I anorexic?.. help me I'm confused?
Please help mental health?
How does the Rite Aid Pharmacy work?
How bad is my eyesight?
I can't see or read out of my new glasses?
Could I have bipolar disorder?
Is it safe to do squats on a smith machine without a belt?
My period is late- not pregnant?
I am 105lbs and 5ft3in. Is that okay? I feel fat?
does stretching help me get taller or milk, and if stretching does help if i stop will i go back to the same h?
HELP! Does too many carbs cause diabetes?
Cut my finger, got first aid, should I worry about this?
Suggestions on how to gain hands on caregiving experience?
Can anxiety cause your heart to beat weirdly?
i need help i wanna gain weight buti cant im 13 weigh 90 my mother said if i ate sloly and took my time i woul?
Is it normal to get dentures at 13?
I have really bad acid reflux and last night i had Hibachi for dinner and i still have heartburn today.?
6 3/4 comment on what u think?
Small dot if blood on my tissue?
help me study? serious issue?
is any treatment or how long take the nerve palsy in the eye?
I hate my body so much ! Help me !!!!?
postive pregnany test 11th period the 13th lasting longer and is not as heavy?
Is there something wrong with me?
i need help! i am freaking out?
did I make my coffe wrong? feel high..?
Has anyone had LASIK surgery?
My mom took my creatine?
How can you make your tissue bone strong?
If you suffer of stress and anxiety is ok to apply a bag of ice all over your head after a long day o?
Can two bad days set back my progress a lot?
Need help for abs alignment..?
22 with adhd making job and life difficult?
How to cope with anxiety disorder?
When should I get my first period?
What happens when a man regularly masturbates?
Is Milk really necessary?
My anxiety is taking over my life? can somebody help me?
Normality after Mania?
How do dispose of used tampons/towels at a friends house?
I can't stop think about bad stuff?
What does it mean to have a really high red blood cell count? the doc said the cbc said 50 average is 25?
why can you eat black beans on the south beach diet, when they have 19g carbs?
Period after chemotherapy?
can i please have a list of diuretic fluids?
How long will it take me to get a four pack?
Gold's Gym Weighted Gloves contain Cancer causing chemicals?
I got the depo provera shot now what?
Wat fruit you eat to gain weight?
Can a school nurse help me?
Epson salt just sinks to bottom.?
What is strength training ?
How to get a firmer butt?
MY PERIOD CRAMPS FEEL LIKE IM DYING help please?
My little sister thinks she is fat?
I'm getting braces soon what should i look forward to?
why do I keep thinking I cant do multiple things?
Can high cholestrol cause nocturia in men?
I became myopic and i am currently 14, can my vision get better?
Was my metatarsal stress fracture healed ?
can epilepsy come back again after it completely stopped?
headache due to green tea?
Help me I have diarrhea, please give me advice!?
I'm 5'5\ 130lbs male, how long will it take to detox marijuana from my system?
How to incorporate HIIV training with weight lifting? 10 points!!!?
How can I lose fifteen pounds in a month for Marine Corps enlistment?
How to get a firmer butt quickly?
How to tell if you have wide hips or not ?
How to stop sweating at school?
What will happen if I tell my counsellor about my eating disorder?
What kind of foods are good to eat while on your period?
how to eat garlic without having bed breath?
I had a tendon ankle surgery about almost 3 month ago?
can i send protein supplements through fedex?
Weigh Watchers simple start, are there results?
What is an antidote of arsenic poisoning?
What Products Makes 100% Natural Multivitamins Supplements i Can Buy?
Can you build muscle strength/mass only using machines?
Braces ?????????????????????????
I feel that I have a headache and dizzy after smoking three cigarettes?
Need to gain weight. Help!?
What would a doctor prescribe for the flu if it's too late for tamiflu?
how to help my 11 year old brother?
What should I do I want to quit ?
losing fat belly with strength training?
What should I do I want to quit ?
does vitamin D pills cause diarrhea?
Help! Right Testicle hurts.?
I had sex with my gf using condom but my gf had taken i pill after that is there any side effects of ipill?
Oral surgery: Should I be sedated?
Is it ok to take a day or two off from cardio?
why do i always get so nervous?
6900mg seroquel x alcohol x mercyndol + anti spewing pills : problem solved?
Can a V shaped butt become a heartshaped butt?
why doesn't everyone get dental insurance then?
a person is a threat to my life how can i stay calm?
Question about starvation mode...?
My friend has a big sore on his back and I dont know what it is help??
Feeling of strange dejavu followed by confusion and fainting?
is this a phase or a problem?
Can you get cancer from smoking cigarettes at the age of 22?
Can you make a smoothy with porridge?
Were The Flu Shots for H1N1? or another strain?
\Bad trip\ when smoking weed?
I have a blocked nose...am i dying? (I am a hyperchondriac?
Breast cancer at 16?
GYM/SQUATS | Can I get a booty? read pls?
wondering if anyone has good tips on how to increase appetite?
How to have sex, girl on top, with an uncircumcised penis?
Can Chiropractors treat Ganglion Cysts?
Why is my body neglecting healthy foods?
I got abused by a child my age when i was a child !!!?
How to deal with depression?
Do you carry a water bottle while jogging?
Will this work to get tall 10 points best answer?
So apparently when i get angry or anxious my eyes turn neon-dark purplish?
Most foods leave a bad tatse in my mouth and make me want to vomit?
Whats better exercise to get toned and lose weight?
Why I can't like smoking?
lump under armpit?!?
How can you make the tissue in your ankle stronger?
Occupational therapy for hands?
Why don't I last long in bed anymore?
Occupational therapy for hands?
Why does my nexplanon hurt when i move my arm?
Can i take the running back position for highschool football?
Tests performed, to determine the size of the Coronary Artery fistula?
at what age can i apply for a medigap plan if on disability?
What are Coronary Artery Anomalies, causes, & complications?
Falling for an anime character ?
I Just Got My Expander.?
Can i get apendicitis from sleeping on a full stomach?
Pain near my right ovary? What causes this?
Starving without exercise!!!?
Why am i always tired and lazy. what's wrong with me?
period or breakthrough bleed?
Why would the liquid inside of a blister smell like urine?
Question about pain medicine and alcohol?
Question about pain medicine and alcohol?
How could I manage with stress of time?
Dry skin under penis head?
Flu- when can I take more ibuprofen?
Does exposure to sun and pollution and dust lead to acne?
Does exposure to sun and pollution and dust lead to acne?
Talking to my teacher more?
Yoga alternative for Christian?
Why is homemade food healthier then store bought?
Can i get 6 feet tall at the age of 17 and i am 5 feet 5 inches ?
Is there something wrong with me?
What is a contact solution that is a store brand and closest to Opti Free Pure Moist?
HELP!!! Please..I don't know what to do. Am I addicted to cutting?
sir i have kidney stone in my right kindney vain / blender vain so suggest me what can i use tell me abou t?
(10pnts)Am I suppose to wash my belly buttom :O?
I am not getting back to sleep?
Im crying and I'm sad, and I don't know why.?
Am 14 and i want go to gym, i work out at hom ... but i wohn to have good body for out and girls... what shoud?
I need to know if I need to see a doctor?
What should I eat if I want to lose weight?
What kind of force is used when one is attracted to someone ..?
I smoke weed everyday for like 5-9 months. How long would it take to get my system clean?
Approximately how many calories does a workout consisting of 10 sprints of 200 metres with 30 second rest burn?
how to stop myself from worrying too much?
I have a Twik bar lodged in my vagina, please help!!?
heavy rectal bleeding?
depersonalisation is treatable?
hemorrhoid faktu treatment question?
Strange sore lump on scrotum?
How much does power whitening cost for a 17 year old via the NHS?
How is Chicken Pox caused?
Would you be able to eat eggs and bacon for breakfast every day for a few years?
Are Bee Stings Supposed To Have A Bump After And Itch?!?
I've lost some of my hearing in my left ear at 17, how long until I regain complete hearing?
My head is in so much pain,?
What workouts should I do?
why do high schoolers learn and woke better in the afternoon?
Natural(easily available) items to cure acne?
When you're anorexic does that mean you don't eat?
Do I have HIV or aids?
Do you usually have a smoothie after a workout?
Got six months to lose a stone. Is it possible?
Please help me,I need advice please!!!!!!!?
Not eating enough to lose weight?!?
eating sweet corn daily bad for you?
can you take raspberry ketones with probiotics?
How to build stamina from completely zero?
Question about my baby tooth help me out please?
Will my retainer restraighten my teeth?
how can i stop mind control?
Why does your weight go up after a large meal ?
Help with opiate addiction?
Am I going to get a rectal exam today?
Was my root canal done incorrectly?
Most common medical conditions that cause nerve pain/damage?
About how many calories should i eat a day for bulking?
I have never been able to adjust to a morning schedule in my life?
What causes shigella infection?
What are the symptoms that thyroid cancer has spread to lungs or kidneys?
Lump under scrotum to left of sack. Need some Help!?
Advice on period help please?
I have a very tragic teeth problem?
Advice on period help please?
I have a very tragic teeth problem?
Please who can tell me somethings about insulin?
Why do we fall ill in our daily life?
Transitions eye glass lenses? Help is greatly appreciated!?
How do I tell if my skin is allergic to a type of metal?
Respected Sir/mam,i want to know about elicos i have recently completed my Diploma in nursing (GNM) i have pla?
Why doesn't coffee have consistent results?
remedy for parkinson decease?
every object in my home has somehow made its way into my butt overnight, please help?
Ive had enough with life?
How do I put on some size? and how do I increase my height?
Natural breast enlargement?
A friend of mine mixes large amounts of prescription meds like norco,flexeril,and Lyrica together. Is that dan?
I am 40 years male. Before 3 months ago I have treated my teeth. In that time I take 3/4 pain killer medicine.?
Pap smear at 15? Also what is a pap smear?
What are these severe leg pains?
Herpes reinfection????
LSD dosage for my tolerance?
Is this a problem with my retina or optic nerve ?
3 Itchy spots on my arms, no rash what is it?
Could I have an intestinal blockage? Or a parasite?
I was diagnosed with depression last month and I started taking Celexa?
Why am i not losing weight?
any idea on how i can grow bigger breasts?
I'm scared. If I lift at different times well it affect my muscle growth.?
I feel like I can't breathe?
Anyone else that tried Hydroxycut Max have bad side effecs?
what fruits are good to eat while on a diet?
What is it with him and FOOD!?
Body insecurities !?!?
I think that i really suffer from depression, how do i tell my doctor.?
Acne: Washing face with only water. Good or bad?
i feel like im walking on a treadmill, someone please help!!!!!?
Sorry if TMI, BROWN period, TEN days EARLY....????????
Does the vibraslim machine work?
help with macros and nutrition?
what do I do me and my girlfriend had sex twice and used a condom both times and there was no tears in it?
How do i increase my height?
I'm 13 and just got my period, any tips?
What causes pimples and how you avoid them?
What is causing my random sharp throbbing ?
Questions about pressures on the heart?
can I lose 25 pounds with insanity?
My Achilles really hurts and I don't know what I do.?
are diploma courses of ignou university for dentists cancelled?
is it normal to feel tired after eating?
I have the flu, do I need to be tested for strep too?
Whats a good way to lose weight?
Just got diagnosed with depression?
Whats a good way to lose weight?
Just got diagnosed with depression?
Brown Spots on Skin Causes ?
Medicines sometimes not working at random?
How To Avoid The Fat Trap ?
weight scale and .2 lb increments?
workout and swimming?
having trouble with my ankle?
did i strained a muscle?
Why am i getting cramps when my period is 8 days away?
Question about creatine?
i have chronic diarrhea, high fecal inflammation normal endoscopy and small ulcers in small bowel?
Calorie counting - I'm confused?
small red streak in left armpit?
Why does my jaw hurt?
Help i need to stay home?
What is the best brand for rollator walkers?
Dont want to live anymore?
How long should it take me to start looking more muscular?
How long do I need to do the \lazy eye, eye exercise\ to make it better? Would good eye falter?
I cant tell when im about to ejaculate?
How to Get Beard within weeks?
Uh, did I have a nightmare that I can't remember?
How long does it take to get braces on?
Please help. Suicidal introvert. Please. Can't take it.?
is this okay to do this?
I think I need help, depression issues!?
I dont want to live anymore?
Why im not diabetic but i realise that im drinking more than 6 letter of water can any other sicknes caus this?
abnormal treadmill stress test?
What is happening to my joints?
Is oxymetholone bad for your liver?
Please help me with my dementia worry at 29?
Walmart Nikon eyes glasses?
Mom problems all my life. Please help my first asked question on yahoo answers. I need you guys!?
Can I just stop taking seroquel altogether?
Can't sleep by myself?
How to lose weight? Help!?
43 days after delivery and m stil not clean ..i bleed heavy when i go to toilet aftr that no blood comes out w?
why is there blood when i wipe my vagina?
Is it ok if I smoke a few cigs and drink a decent ammount on the 4th day of being sick with a cold?
Do Australians have a worse flu and cold season in the summer time?
if the person have double vision is consider disable to work?
What does it mean when you feel high but yur not, like you dont feel your body?
how many minutes in a day we should massage breasts to make them grow bigger?
Will I grow much taller?
Dementia worry at. 29 can't go on like this?
Is this a healthy lunch?
Bloodshot eyes, excessive sticky saliva, breathing difficulties, diarrhea?
Do diet pills effect your teeth and gums?
What does it mean when you feel high but yur not, like you dont feel your body?
how many minutes in a day we should massage breasts to make them grow bigger?
Will I grow much taller?
Dementia worry at. 29 can't go on like this?
Is this a healthy lunch?
Bloodshot eyes, excessive sticky saliva, breathing difficulties, diarrhea?
Do diet pills effect your teeth and gums?
Can masturbation kill or make one blind? or is it good for the health/body? What are the disadvantages?
My little sister complains of her eyes itching, almost every second day.?
Is it gas or heart desease?
Are CAMHS a load of crap?
I felt that Some part of my head enlarging, what might be the reason?
What's the most you can masturbate per day without injury?
Is Low Carb a Starvation Diet?
I injured my knee while jogging really fast on tredmill?
Having Hand pain. Feels like cramping.?
If Ibrush my teeth within an hour of eating or drinking coffee or alcohol will it rub that substance in?
Can you take Maca Root and not get pregnant?
My doctor is an idiot?
Bone narrow transplant = new baby?!?
This is an awkward question but....?
No side effects from the pill?
What is the latest you've ever woken before from a nights sleep?
what is the EASIEST part of your leg to break?
My junk is 5 1/2 erected and I'm only 14. Is that a good sign?
how we can reduce wight without exercise?
equate one daily mens health?
Need help and advice with cold sores?
Purple vein showing after workout?
Viagra vs. Cialis  Which pill to choose?
How do i get my six pack to show?
An Exercise HELP!!!!!!!!?
where can I buy chloroform?
Being bullied, don't know what to do?
Good substitute for overheaf press?
Is this enough food ....?
I want to lose weight,tips please?
Why did my dentist want to wait until my son was 3 before dealing with his cavities?
Full fat milk on a diet?
Haven't had Period in a while?
How to workout when you have a job?
how many times a pacemaker battery charged?
How big are your boobs?
Gum and teeth problems?
I'm i going to lose it completely?
Different ways to master#a**?
Urinating all night, help?
How to survivie my remaining 5 months of school? (Im burned out) (Anxiety)?
will i grow any more?
HOW TO GET RID OF DRY CRACKED \BLEEDING\ HANDS!??
Is it safe to mess with my medcation (Citalopram) ?
Any product to make my teeth shining white? I got stain on my tooth?
sperms are released during male masturb@tion.in same way,does ova is released during female masturb@tion?
I think I have bad anxiety?
will the doctor give me anything to start my period again?
I never suffered pain in my life an am pain free, I would like to know why I constantly sleeping?
What is the lifespan of a second battery charged pacemaker?
How to make penis bigger?
had i unsafe sex that previous night?
Struggling from indigetion, appetite loss?
Too much vaginal discharge?
Is masturbation bad while fasting?
i notice a black, thick skin on my perineum after having a perineum tears.?
Is bodybuilding or going to the gym retarted?
Which protein shake should i get?
can anyone please suggest me ay ointments for pigmentation and also is metasone ointment is safe for skin ?
Where To Buy Free Trial of Amino Prime XL?
Extreme sore throat! no fever, and I do not have strep.?
How do I get rid of swollen gums?
I heard a ringing noise.?
Is green tea on an empty stomach effective for belly loss?
nose spray? help me please?
Depressed anti social...?
lumps at the back of throat and I don't know whether to be worried?
EMERGENCY: could my spleen have ruptured?
Massive dandruff and hair problems. Please help!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!?
can a migraine that produces vomiting cause chest pains, and make it hard to breathe?
I'm so bored and annoyed that I might go crazy at any momment. What to do?
Are there any affordable and useful resource for children with ADHD, Dyslexia and Dysgraphia?
Sickness? Help me please!?
Why does it hurt to pee?
ab problems they don't look right.?
I'm 16years old my arm keeps dislocating easily how to lose weight?
Feel like needles are stabbing my ovary!!?
My friend is in a coma - chances of survival?
Please help me if you know something?
What Can I Eat If I Want To Lose Weigt?
Will I need braces? Tooth grew out in wrong spot?
how to loose weight?!!!!!!!?
I took too much cough syrup i think, help!?
Is it possible to lose weight without watching calories?
about the medicine which help for the penis erection.?
I have been suffering from mucus for many months but i still fail to get rid of this problem.?
i had undergone angioplastry 21 years before. noe my heart pumping is 30% what is the next action that i shoul?
can anyone tell me how to bulk up?
I can't go to the beach with my larger breasts?
how to poop right now?
Having Some Vaginal Issues ?
how long for smear test results?
Missing periods if you arent pragnent?
Is wearing an A shirt and a brief as an underwear normal?
How do muscles burn fat?
Zoloft for OCD - Will I regret this?
Iast night I accidental touched my aunts bra, will I get pragnant?
I have got a problem from the last two months i had been feeling itchy my back and nick and head when i gets h?
someone please help me need good advise?
Question about getting a tattoo while having allergies?
what are some good cold medicines?
How to become a dentist?
Have I broken my toe ?
If a person's teeth have decayed ABOVE the gum, do they HAVE to be extracted?
Very quiet high-pitched whine in hearing?
Do any narcotics help abscess pain? will an old antibiotic help?
Can masturbation lead to blood in urine for females?
Has the persentage of people with deprestion and other conditions incresed over the years?
How can I get all of my clothes to become very loose on me?
Please help. Suicidal introvert. Can't take it. Please.?
Depression or bipolar?
Is wearing an A shirt and a brief as an underwear normal?
Ingrown toenail, had operation, not getting better?
Do I work too much? I am 18.?
how to get rid of all my stress and problems?
Anyone know what style of eyeglass frames Indiana Jones wears in Raiders?
Rash problems, doctors are no help?
How do you get rid of tight calf muscles?
girlfriend had sharp chest pain followed by dizziness followed by pain in left arm.?
is there any way to not transfer herpes to your partner? if u want to have kids with them?
How to fix my sleep schedule?
Does taking your blood pressure make your pulse go up. And i need some general info about my B/P?
I am 15 do I have throat cancer?
Is inpatient for self harm always required?
How do i overcome panic attacks?
I'm not well and I'm really hungry!?
what pushups are harder than diamond pushups?
have i got an eating disorder?
Where to buy sanitory pads/ tempons in india?
I just found out I have a Fear of intimacy?
if i have herpes can i ever have sex? :( still a virgin?
What is the best herbal supplement to lower cortisol levels?
Does GLUTANASE tablet used for SKIN WHITENING ?
I want to lose 60 pounds in 4 months Help!?? :(?
Can't sleep. Stressed?
can herpes be transferred after outbreak has healed?
What does it mean if I remember my PTSD after years?
Do you need to clean contact lenses case every time you use it?
Fitness help? Expert advice needed.?
Am I developing a eating disorder?
Have you noticed you have?
I am concerned about inhaling cigar smoke, how do I know I am not doing this?
Will eating a Large Big Mac Meal from McDonalds once a day make me fat?
I HAVE THE MOST PAINFUL HARD BUMP ON MY LIP OH NY GOD! IVE TRIED BUSTING IT . BUT IT HURTS TO MUCH AND IT HAS?
Do I have post pill amenorrhea?
weird period... do i need to see a doctor?
if I'm taking topiramax can I drink alcohol?
Will this keep me from losing weight?
Will this keep me from losing weight?
How do i get myself out of this mental state and love him more?Please help 10 points?
Why does my vagina sting?
Calcium, cream of wheat, & hypothyroidism...?
I accidentally went on a website of intense flashing light and now my head feels weird?
What's on my skin, dark spots?
Why do I have such irregular periods?
sir i am going toilet thrice a dayit is normal or not please give suggestion?
Hi, I recently found that my TSH level is high. need guidance.?
thumb pain/stiffness for a year now? im young please help?
Thumb joint pain/stiffness for a year now? Im young help please?
can havin sex cause your period to come abt 6 days early? can it also be only abt 3 days long n be alil light?
What age should I get tested for cancer?
is magnetic bracelet effective?
Is this a healthy weight?
I am getting bigger but weaker in the gym?
MSM breast growth?? Does it work?
How to lose weight extremely fast?
I haven't had my period in 3 months?
Why Cant i grow a beard t(-_-)t?
Have you ever bent over sneezing and blown out a tampon?
Scared. Might be pregnant?
I am Very Thin .. Iam now 18.. I wanna change seriously..what I have to do?
Why do I feel like this?
So scared please answer this question!!!!?
Do I have depression?
Help?! I need to loose weight!?
Are there any TRULY free herpes dating sites?
if you smoke a ounce of weed a week for twenty years how long will the THC stay in your urine?
Is my weight healthy?
Why haven't I had my period?
Does anybody know anything about miracle brun 360 tablets ?
Will heat pads settle your stomach?
Please answer I'm so scared!!!!!!?
What are the signs of Hepatitis C?
Why are my hands and feet always FREEZING?! I also am super prone to frostbite...?
Why do my veins pop out on my forearms and hands and wrists?
is it okay to wear it as anklet?
I have a lump on my head. Is it dangerous?
was this virtual rape and is there such a thing?
Do I need another jaw surgery?
Tips to loose weight?!?
Do I have an eating disorder?
What are my odds of getting food poisoning?
am i need to reduce my wight ?
I've put on 5 grams in a day. IS that a lot?
does cocaine and its metabolites leave your system at the same time?
Bloody vomit? Mom nat taking me to Dr?
10 Points!!! What do I need to do to cure my GERD disease! Please Readd my Question!! 10 points!!?
what is testosterone storm?
I want to get a deep cleaning, ihave denral insurance but its not that good, how much would it cost??
I am a 16 year old boy and I have fat thighs.Can you suggest me some exercise to burn fat in the thigh region.?
i like brushing my teeth until my gums bleed?
I like to brush my gums until they bleed?
Need Help Getting Rid Of Stomach Virus?
can you drink milk with a just pierced tongue?
Bloody stool, and lots of pain?
10 points! My Gerd Disease has not been cured! Why ? Medications I am taking! Advice!?
If a vagina isn't used can it heal up and close?
Should I go to the hospital? (Please help!!)?
Losing weight in the stomach area?
incline/decline bench?
Irregular bleeding. How long does it last?
what is a good exercise routine.?
Can I do speed and agility training on the same day with upper body workout?
If you shave below the waist is it normal to be ichy?
Why does it seem like everyone is dying in my town? How to control my anxiety about it?
Do guys shave their butts?
is this a good, balanced breakfast?
Someone please answer as soon as possible I just need someone to talk to?
worried about my results?
difference between propecia 1mg or 5mg?
Is it possible to get a flat stomach in 5 months !?!?! Please help !!!! :(?
URGENT!! Someone please help me with my weight!!!?
If im getting a physical for a job done tomarrow and I smoked last night will it show up? or are they not?
if a single nasal cocaine dose is snorted how long will the metabolites and cocaine be detectable in the urine?
Is 5'5 short for a guy?
Some fast losing weight deit plan !! please?
Losing weight to fast?
Does anybody know of any common cold medicines that work faster than any other common cold medicines?
I was coughing a lot and I threw up water and mucus what does that mean? It has happen 2 times.?
Today i tried to start my Trial bike, and i think my ankle is broken?
Eyes hurt and are causing dizziness/vertigo sensation?
Can I leave Nuvaring in for 4 weeks and still habe a ring free week?
Why do I only get my period about every three months?
what should i do with my penis to make it bigger,its too small,my age is 20,im so sad,please help me?
how to keep myself from falling asleep in class?
How can one cure snoring without surgery?
when you get root planing and scaling do they also remove the tarter?
Why can't I orgasm whenever I'm with a man but able to by myself?
Can this happen if don't masturbate..?
Can I lose 40lbs in 5months? I'm 13?
Inguinal lymph node right Only!?
My corona and the bottom of the head of my penis seem to be inflamed?
Im 16 and im 5'6/5'7. My mom is 5'2, and my dad is 6'2. will i grow any taller?
Get rid of black heads and acne?
Why do i constantly have a headache?
Breasts ache CONSTANTLY. WHY?
I have a question about the implanon birth control?
really confused about whats going on after period?
19 year old girl ADDICTED to SEX!?!?!?
Most effective way to clean ballsack after it gets splashed with toilet water when the dump drops hard?
Self harm scars when you're getting intimate?
Am I overweight at 5'3 & 152lbs?
I think I may have head lice?
How to get thinner longer legs?
What's wrong with me? Am I Bi-Polar?
Do I have Trichotillomania?
Isn't labiaplasty a type of female circumcision?
Just sent my HIV test off?
Anxiety Symptoms? what are they like for you?
How do you know if a condom broke or was leaking?
My lipid panel, cholesterol levels what does do they mean?
Is it normal for a cartilage piercing to make your whole ear hurt?
My pennis is too short. i mean to say my pennis is only 3 inches and i want to increase aproximately 2 inch.?
I'm 15 with a uncircumcised penis.?
Can someone help me, I want to get buff!?
is a 5 inch penis normal for 13 year old boy?
Need to lose my stomach ASAP. What's the quickest and fastest way to lose it. I?
Could it be possible or is it something else ?
I feel guilty for eating? 10 points best answer!?
So I have been walking for 4 hours since Monday. Is that a good workout?
Vaginal pain after sex, what could it be?
Is there any reason for me to panic?
can a vaginal bacteria infection be contagious to your partner?
i am pooping white what does mean am gonna be ok?
Rechargable Hookah Pen?
Will I grow taller? 18 year old male?
Is it a bad thing that I can sometimes get in very violent moods?
need help! my penis is really itchy, wrinkly and swollen?
need help! my penis is really itchy, wrinkly and swollen?
I'm 15 and I'm scared going to surgery to get my penis circumcised.?
Can i use contct lenses??
why am I starting to lose interest in everything? :/?
Best condoms to use for my situation?
Do you have to wait seven days to be protected on your second package of birth control?
What is parathormone?if the level increases what would be the risk ?
How many calories should I take in a day?
I need fast ways to lose weight with out heavy exercise?
what is it like to use a menstrual cup?
Why do I bloat when I'm constipated?
Legs and back ache while getting wet down there?
I want to get taller!?
What can I do to feel confident about my body ?
How can i get over my Anxiety ?
How to gain shoulder mass?
Question regarding power yoga?
Help someone I know online just tried to kill themselves!!!?
is it weird to not be better 5 years after being raped?
Why does the human nose seem to Stop-up instead of Run during the colder season?
Will it go away? any ideas?
Am I sick with the flu? Or the cold? Or neither?
Help!!! I have a lack of confidence.?
I want to get muscular?
Is it true that you can sanitize/sterilize an uncooked hot dog? If so, how?
why do i get so tired?
depression and panic attack?
how to get toned and cut up fast?
How can one go about breaking their thumb?
Girls Only! that time of the month... :/?
can I use a Planned Parenthood Green card given to me by a CA location at different CA location?
how can i loose ? im 13 please answer?
Help!!! Im scared!?!?
What can I do to feel better?
Should I cut my injured toenail off in order for the new toenail to grow in?
Are my body temperatures normal?
Is bodybuilder Mike Francois a nice guy ?
Anyone experienced driving anxiety or have any advice?
Possible disease (long)?
Im sometime hungry and thirsty and then the next day im not do I have diabetes but I don't urinate a lot?
about how much does it cost for a self injury treatment center?
Is overeating 1 day a week bad?
One tooth hurting with braces?
How can I tell if I'm going to get a bruise?
Should I take creatine?
im 300lbs but im in great shape?
Small hole in my cheek?
Woke up with painful, itchy, swelling on the back of my hand?
Can anybody help me about daily routine?
Am i the only one sick of hearing about weed?
Will this diet make me loose weight?
How do I get more sensitive in my vagina?
losing weight, please help :)?
bleeding after sex... please help?
Good diet and exercise plan?
I really dont know how to ask this question. so please read the details.?
Best/ Most Effective Med for Social Anxiety?
If you have sex inside a tub can a girl get an infection?
How do i get rid of a black toenail?
itchy red dry eyes after crying?
Is it possible to gain weight while losing fat?
How do I quit smoking weed so much?
I've been cutting myself...?
My sister tried to kill herself and I feel conflicted?
How long will it take me to get girl abs?
can you douche with vinegar and water after birth?
why yeast infections?
Anxiety about solipsism?
I'm 13 and I have big balls in my boobs? I'm scared?
HELP scared to death!?
What is causing these symptoms?
help me......close to Suicide?
How to lose weight relatively quickly?
Ultrasound Test Result says \ The gallbladder is physiologically distended.. \ what does it mean?
i want to be 50 KG by February? is this possible?
Red itchy bumps on thighs?
whats the fastest way to lose your stomach?
Can I drink alcohol after getting my wisdom teeth removed?
What a good salads that I can eat on the salad diet?
Can alcohol damage your brain permanently?
i am gaining weight over the last few months and i'm confused why.?
How do I get my abs to finally show?
Is cocaine a recreational drug?
Im 14 and weigh to much. Weight loss ideas.?
Just starting to work out, any tips?
Can an air purifier in the house get rid of dark circles?
Early Period or what ?
Should I stop taking monster Plexx?
How long will it take to get a toned body?
I think I might be evil?
My eyeballs hurt (like they've been compressed)? Help?
Eye problems when I weld (is this flash burn?)?
how to get rid of face fat and chubby cheeks?
I have Low thyroid What I have to do ?
Can I get a flat belly by the time it's been 4 months?
hey guys am i anorexic?
I really have to poop.?
How tall will I be when I grow up? Worried :/?
how to lose weight just in the stomach area?
Dr. Tony Knight Calgary?
What to do for dehydration?
tips for weight loss?
How to stop depression?
What is considered the average weight for a female. Age 16. 5'5?
any methods to remove my shoulder acne scar?
Could I be developing issues with my Gallbladder? Like Gallstones?
doing insanity in P.E?
so i am 17 year can i get dentures?
Does any one know what this is??? Or how long??
How long will it take me to get abs? Or toned stomach?
how can i look like this?
My contacts are getting blurry?
Might i be depressed?
how do I lose 40 pounds in 4 or less months?
Do you pass blood clots on your period?
I HATE working out... HELP?
My Butt is getting flatter ?
How do I lose wieght pretty fast?
How many cavities can one tooth have?
Why does my stomach hurt after every meal eat?
Feeling rushed! Is it possible?
HOW TO FALL ASLEEPI AM TIRED BUT NO?
why do i keep getting bad yeast infections?
How much weight could I lose?
Do i have depression problems?
Am I on the right track?
How do I stop my grandchild that I am raising stop swearing and how do I get him to go to sleep at night?
How effective would a juice fast be using V-8 Juice instead of the traditional fresh vegetable juices?
Im too sad to hear other peoples problems, it makes me feel so much worse?
Are both my ears healed of one has crusty's and the other doesn't?
Stomach pains HELP??
Is there something wrong with me?
How can I quit masturbating?
how can I increase water pressure in my shower head?
Will I be loopy after wisdom teeth removal?
How to Balance and Maintain my Personal and School Life?
my sister got a blood clot??? help!?
How Can I Get Taller?
When should I be worried about stomach pain?
my sister got a blood clot??? help!?
What exactly is high anxiety ?
what can i do to make me more happy?
What's the best place to get protein powder cheap?
Whats wrong with me celiac disease irritable bowl Ugh hellp?
Why can't i gain weight?
Bra help? I know my size but Don't know where to get them.?
healthy breakfastssssss?
diet exercise health help?
Does the obgyn make you pay for STD treatment?
Mature guy with not alot of sexual experience?
Why am I spotting when I should be having my period?
What is the best workout and workout equipment to get rid fat inner thighs and inner arms?
I just need comfort right now.?
Why am I having vaginal bleeding?
I just pooped and had bright blood on it?
im 13 and need to get buff before high school?
What drugs make people easily angry?
Are cashews bad for your diet?
How can I shrink my thighs?
Should i trust my orthodontist?
Should I approach my friend about my cutting?
How long after you start taking the active pills does your period end? (Levlen ED)?
I really want to kill myself, I am destroying furniture, I am out of control, should I got to the hospital?
can PE help you lose weight!!! PLEASE HELP!!!?
Could I be developing issues with my Gallbladder? Like Gallstones?
Can masturbate stunt penis growth?
Weight loss plan, need additional tips?
Why can't I stop shaking?
How hard would it be to lose 25 lbs in 4 montha?
Do you only bulk up if you eat a lot of calories?
How can I lose weight?
Difficulties Loosing body fat while weight lifting and cardio?
How can I lose 25 pounds in 4 months?
sized help is this natural?
What will happen if you swallow lice shampoo?
I need to Loose 60 pounds?
Do you shower in the morning or at night or both?
what is wrong with me!?
How to stop snacking at night?! It's taking over my life.?
I need help with my acne!?
Does my past with illness, the reason I never get sick anymore?
I would like to try to get a is pack this year?
Why don't my abs show?
Itchiness and numbness on my palm due to cold?
I would like to try to get a is pack this year?
Does my past with illness, the reason I never get sick anymore?
My Friend here had diarrhea?
How long does a crown last after a root canal?
how can I loose weight Easily and fast naturally?
Good full body workout for a 15 year old to gain muscle?
Feeling like my life has no meaning?
Struggling with body odour during sleep?
weight loss how to get muscles?
how can i pay inpatient hospital bill since medicaid wont pay for it?
Can antibiotics delay your period if you are on the birth control pill?
Is my weight the culprit of why i'm tired 24/7?
Is this a good fat lose routine?
Sore throat, white spots on tongue?
How to lose 15 pounds in 45 days?
How many grams for a long term smoker to get high of.?
I relapsed 2 nights ago... :C?
do I have touretts syndrome?
Can a group/cluster of pores become infected?
Weak immune system doubt?
What does it mean when you poop blood and you are not on your period ?
I had to stop low carbs diet..?
Should I take MusclePharm's Armor V with food?
This one area itches?
Why wouldnt my cold go away??
how to tell your mum, you want help?
Breast question for woman?
Breast question for woman?
Is this a concussion? Should I see a doctor? How bad is it?
Should I lose weight before attempting to get a Six-Pack?
How to get rid of dark eye circles?
did my ex girlfriend give me herpes?
Losing weight? Skinny before fat now. Thigh gap? Bigger bones now?
Stopped Masturbating and now constipated?
I have a cold, why do I feel so drunk?
94 pounds for 4'8 hight?
Weird ticks or jolts when reading or speaking?
If i know i have syphilis can i go to er to get prescribed antibodies?
PLEASE HELP how to socialize with people?
can you live off of 200 calories a day?
I received the flu shot!?
Lifting and running at the same time?
How to puke without finger?
Bloated for way too long?
PLEASE losing weight help?
Help me lose weight pleaseeeee?
Should I tell my teacher I purge?
How can I get rid off these dark spots ?
What bra size am I? Do my boobs still have a long way to develop?
can chiropractors help with back pain?
How to be a good rider ?
Eye floaters at age sixteen?
How to lose weight ?!?
ADHD: Nobody spends enough time with me to diagnose me?
what's wrong with my vagina?!? please help?
What are all the possible conditions anddiseases that a MRI can find?
How tall will I probably get?
What protein shake should I get?
how many calories are in a sandwich?
My foot feels like its on fire, but is cold to the touch?
hypothetically speaking honestly suicide.?
Does the pill affect fertility later in life?
How old do you need to be, to just buy a lighter?
my school counselor talks sh*t about me!?
What should I do about this girl?
What kind of cancers do apples prevent?
Is it at all possible to have erectile dysfunction at 20 years old?
Is my daughter weight healthy ?
do you think i have these?
is parkour the same a dancing (eating wise)?
chest triceps monday back and biceps tueday wednesday shoulders thursday legs?
What should I do if I suspect my mother is anorexic?
Slightly underweight but high bodyfat%?
Is there a method of completely curing tinnitus or can it just be reduced?
really light period why.?
do I need braces and if I do for how long would it be?
Whens the best time you weight yourself?
Why do my sheets smell bad from sleeping in them?
what is 11/15 + 9/10?
Why is my gum swollen?
Why does sex have to be such a taboo?
drawing blood without any indication of doing it?
Am I eating too much??????
My back hurts so bad I can't even move?
i dont feel good,so i went to the ER and they couldnt find anything wrong with me..what do i do?
white stains on my teeth?
What Can I Do So I Can Stop Bleeding ?
Am I considered fat to you?
Feeling really tired and weak lately, HELP!?
what are the symptoms of STD'S?
i lost my life because of porn?
Will there be many people turning to home remedies now that healthcare is out of reach for many?
is a 6 1/2 penis length long or small?
How to manage to lose weight?
Are ceramic braces or metal braces better?
how do i get my ph balance back to normal with out seeing a doctor?
Do you even lift bro?
Want to Start Eating Healthy Again; Need Help.?
Im getting metal braces what color should i get in the brackets?
I'm self harming and I don't know why? :(?
How can I become stronger and lose weight?
HELP!I got hair wax in my eye !?
Exercise Plan/ Food Plan/ Muscle Plan?
How can I lose weight?
How contagious is strep throat?
Why do I shake alot when I'm high?
When do labia minora become large and protrude?
How to lose weight the healthy way?
if I take a drug test and I smile hooka pens does that mean I won't pass the drug test?
Anybody lost weight from Just Dance?
Is it normal to pee blood with a uti?
Cardio and weight lifting question?
Did I eat unhealthy or too much today?
Headaches after working out?
what is the fastest and most effective way to get rid of white scars on my thighs?
If you drink alcohol why triglycerides increases?
Wisdom tooth extraction swelling?
What do I do? I feel so lost?
Will I grow any taller?
why bleeding sometimes from my throat when i gargle?
does every male grow beards ?
Is it ok to eat 30 minutes before a workout?
Do I have genital warts?
My wife has been sick for 2 years and doctors dont know why (stomach)?
Should i become anorexic?
How to get ready for braces?
Does it sound like I have ADD?
What should I do with my ear?
Is 147.2 pounds overweight?
What are withdrawal side effects of the anti-depressant and anxiety medication, Effexor?
Could I be pregnant? Please help, I am scared!!!?
Does ?mol/L = mmol/L?
What would you do???????
When should I take Lexapro?
knocked a tooth loose, what do i do?
Birth control question about Sunday starters!!?
Why do I randomly Blush?
How is yoga beneficial for your body?
5'6\, 178 lbs, P90X, How many calories should I be eating?
How to get firm breasts?
my friend just did this and im scared?
How to get rid of a dry cough quickly?
Horrible Smell from Braces Band?
Is there an age limit for celebrity slim?
Can this affect my menstrual cycle?
national guard and vaginal herpes?
What order should these be done in: brushing, flossing, mouthwash?
How fast does metabolism speed up?
can you get a heart attack at the age of 21?
Why am I having dry orgasms?
Medicaid in South Carolina?
is having soft lips good for kissing?
I'm scared to get my braces off tomorrow?
Women only!!!! what is this discharge?
I ate 4 packages of hot rods (meat sticks), and now have heartburn?
How do I get something un- diagnosed?
how do you eat a poopy?
I weigh 290 and i am 5'3. I am obviously morbidly obese, what is the best way to loose 130 pounds?
How to do 100 pushups in a row/straight ?
Is it safe to take a Soma 4 hours after taking a 10mg Valium to help me sleep?
I feel suicidal all the time, and I have close to ending my life. What should I do?
what's wrong with my back?
Should you lose weight before starting lifting ?
how long is recovery after pericadiac sac removeal?
why am I angry during panic attacks?
Does your orthodontist need to draw up a face graph before braces?
Read description please... Hard to explain?
why am I angry during panic attacks?
I really need help dealing with my anxiety....?
How can you tell if your orthodontist has any real experience?
Why do I fart sooooo frequently?
Why do British people have such bad teeth?
Bad teeth and what I can do now?
Motivation for weight loss?
please help does this look normal!?
Allergy test tomorrow? HELP?
what cup size is after d?
I Have not had my period since October of 2013 (incase this post gets old).?
Why are my periods so heavy?
Help with results on stress test?
How long do you need braces on for?
How long do you need braces on for?
Do braces change your face shape?
Can babies or children have breast cancer?
Besides body odor what is wrong with nor showering or bathing for a long time?
What is Bulking season?
I've been feeling suicidal, what should I do?
Question about HIV/AIDS before I go for test tomorrow ?
Dieting for a fussy eater?
What does laughing gas feel like when getting a cavity filled?
Should I eat sugar if there is nothing else?
if a female doesn't ejaculate during sex does that mean the sex was bad?
Is my growth stunned?
Why am i scared of the dentist ?
Is it okay to eat a few carbs as long as you're counting calories?
i dont want to live anymore?
When I look in the mirror, I just wanna work out? Whats up with me?
How to get girlfriend if I have schizophrenia?
Alcohol more addicting than cigarettes?
What's the best type of high for school? Sativa vs Indica?
can going going gliutan free help loss weight?
Birth Control Pill Question. Generess Fe Pill?
Does your body use artificial sugars for energy like they do with other forms of carbohydrates?
How to get money without people and stress?
Protein Shakes!? Advice and help please for an amateur!?
My friend is going to kill himself?
i need a little advice regarding my ocd / guilt feelings..?
I just cannot stop overeating!?
How many calories should I burn during a workout?
How to cope with stress ?
Is it more common for one to be addicted to alcohol or drugs?
Why do I sleep so much?
Piss test, worried it will go negative?
people still make fun of my weight even tho i lost 60 lbs?
Why cant I get a six pack?
1 handjob everyday is dangerous for health?
How come when I meditate I think about good conversations I had?
I told them I was right,what a joke!!!!!?
Can i get my cartilage done with a gun? Pain?
Blood In Spit...........?
What are the treatment options for ovarian cyst and fibroids?
500 calories a day for 4 months help?
Whats wrong with me?!?!?
CANNOT get rid of acne?
I just got my braces off and now...?
i just started having cramps?? helpp?? it hurts!?
Is my bad cough down to e-cigarettes?
did starving myself affect my height?
i Have a question when your on period?
Does peppermint tea help with menstrual cramps?
What should I do if someone has a heart attack or is always at risk of one?
Help! is this normal?
I need an educated answer about flu vaccinations?
How long can leukemia go unnoticed (before you end up in a hospital for symptoms)?
Is it okay for a 16 year old girl to go gym?
Ugh allergies, cold, flu...?
my calfs are SO tight !?
and im having a clear/white kinda of discharge?
I want to kill myself, but can't because of family?
How do I fake a knee injury? IMPORTANT,SERIOUS SITUATION!?
Is my theory right? Anxiety not caused by serotonin deficiency but overactive amygdala?
Best tampon brand that doesn't hurt to take out?
what is a swelling on my left testicle?
how can in lose weight?
I'm really worried that i might have depression?
why is it that it has been 3 months since I finished accutane and I'm still breaking out?
Is this normal or should I get help?
how much weight can I lose in 5 months?
Why don't I have any wisdom teeth?
I need to know how many carbs to eat?
I had an ultrasound today.I am concerned about some of the findings. I been throwing up since January 3rd 2014?
How many guys don't like it when their testicles hit the toilet water when they have a bowel movement?
Should i get circumcise?
LADIES ! Do you ladies have any advice on what soap to use!?
how can i lose as much weight in 2 months?
LADIES ! Do you ladies have any advice on what soap to use!?
Do I have a binge eating disorder?
Does a single use of methamphetamine cause permanent brain impairment?
What would happen if I ate badly cooked salmon?
What should i do if i poop?
I have a period problem?
Do I have cancer???????!!!!!!!!!?
Can Anyone Relate to My Testicle Pain Every Month?
is my toe sprained or broke?.?
Pain in bottom of throat and sudden voice change?
how do I get better when sick?
Am I quitting cigarettes the right way?
Does my friend have ADHD? if not, is there anything else?
how long until my next growth spurt?
when should i get my next period?
My nose always hurts on hot day's?
How long will it take for me to see workout results?
Why am I always feeling like this?
Good probiotic for constipation in women?
Is 3 hours sleep enough?
What's the difference between toning muscles and losing weight?
How much is OCD medication?
If I don't eat very much but I exercise a lot will my metabolism be faster?
why am i sore from my thighs?
I need to lose weight fast!?
Feel so lonely I want to die?
how do i get rid of fear of presenting in front of people?
ive started using cocaine a few times a week how dangerous and addictive is it?
but don't know if he have any side effect?
Eating Disorder tendencies? I need help?
How to treat spots on my back. I got bacne!?
what happens with the fetus?
tingling after neck/back injury, should i be worried?
I need help to get a flatter stomach!!?
Will I grow any taller?
Everything I eat makes me sick and I never seem to be hungry?
I stoped taking my pill on the 18th of December come on my period and haven't taken my pill since....?
why cant i eat more than once a day?
How do I heal or hide my self harm cuts?
period help please!!!!?
I feel insane, like im going through the motions now, I am depressed and maybe even suicidal?
dislocated my knee cap last year and now its really painful.?
possible pregnancy early period?
Will this diet help me lose body fat?
Muscel hurt after gym?
really sick ill after course of cipro 6 months ago?
New glasses make me \farsighted\?
Does anyone know how to stop freaking out over OCD habits?
i am scared of being robbed again? Very Long!?
Have i got a condition?
I'm kinda afraid to move out of my mom's house?
GIRLS ONLY: i got my first period and it came back in 18 days, is this normal?
Getting Full Really Fast then Diarrhea...?
Is There Something Wrong With My Eyes?
Can my orthodontic retainer work as a bite guard to protect against nighttime teeth grinding?
Male Spot/acne help please?
I have problems my butt sweat and it bleed?
anxiety/depersonalization?
Can eating disorders be inherited?
Im A Guy , But I Want To Have nice Girl Legs And Thighs is there anything safe I can take or do ?
What are some things i can do to lose belly fat and man boobs?
I think im slightly depressed?
Advice to prevent hunger?
Cum in eye - help please?
Which would be better for my fractured ankle a boot or a cast?
Why do I feel what I see?
Do I have a horomonal imbalance?
I need help i keep seeking revenge?
I think I have an inflated/burst appendix and my parents are no help. What do I do?
where do I go online to obtain my medical records?
Will acne medication effect birth control?
Why am i always ill just as i start falling asleep?
Do I have cancer??!!!!?
Is this normal after sex?....?
Have multivitamins done this to me?
Around how many calories do you think are in this?
I need a professional at sports/fitness's help urgently! How can this be true?
my heart rate is 97 bpm sitting down and in class today it was 110?
How can I get a flat stomach?
Weight loss and calorie intake!?
How old do you have to be to eat pancakes?
it ok to use shampoo/conditioner from a dollar store?
I'm on a high protein diet, can I eat small portions of bread?
19 year old classmate died and I feel guilty?
How can I do really good push-ups fast?
How to make butt BIGGER ANY IDEAS?
I have Autism, OCD, ADHD and have suffered with depression. I feel so messed up...?
why do i have pain in my calves after running?
Started my period soon? Virgin 16 years old?
I always have anxiety before I go to bed?
When should I see a regular psychologist?
Gum infection? Need some help here..?
Currenr orthodontist won't refit braces?
How to control cravings for starches.?
How risky is a brain cyst? (PLEASE HELP ME)?
best diet for a teenage boy?
What's wrong with my body?!?
I think i have Schizophrenia?
My son is having cough since last 4 days :(?
How long would it take to lose a stone in weight and what exercises would you recommend?
can't carry on after masturbation?
How to get rid of pimples on penis? Can you use toothpaste or sudocream?
Can you tell me if you think I have an eating disorder.. Please help!?
red boil like thing near fhe labia?
right shoulder pain when I apply pressure?
Does the food lovers fat loss program work good?
please help, is my life in danger?
Do I have a liver problem?
How to stop clenching my jaw??
How to get rid of stretch marks on hips and thighs?
Wisdom teeth extraction and pain medication?
Does \curvy\ mean fat or skinny?
How long after finishing 7 days of antibiotics should I expect pain and kidney infection symptoms to go away?
Severe lower back pain and blood clots during period?
Help me. My Knee hurts sooo bad. Do I need an MRI? and when should I get it?
Am I chubby? Does this sound like an effective diet to drop weight?
Why do I get this feeling in my testicles when going down a steep road while riding in the car?
Could being vegetarian be the cause of personality changes?
Do I have a bladder infection?
how much does contacts cost?
Experiencing pain, could this be a tumor or cancer?
Does it matter if I miss a day in my workout if I do the session the next day?
What makes ciggaretes smell so good?
what can I do to ease my anxiety attacks?
Will taking a bubble bath on my period affect my -area-?
Can I catch herpes if someone is cooking?
how to make fat and muscular legs skinny?
Do you think this is over do it? 10 point?
Would I be able to perform a colonoscopy at home?
Why have I not gotten my period in a while?
Is the food lovers fat loss program good to lose weight on?
Can a guys penis size change?
How far in puberty is the growth spert?
what kind of food i can eat to raise my serotonin and GABA level?
Would some one just answer my last question I need answers!?
How to lose weight so you don't get diabetes at 14?
Is this is a good workout/diet for college girl?
Taking a bath on your period?
How skinny is \too skinny\ for a girl?
std question... ppl who knows their stuff pls!?
Constipation and iced coffee?
Pitocin Drip Help Please! :( Block 3 Nursing?
What does it mean if you think of a specific thing every time you ejaculate?
My son needs a brace but he won't take it.?
Am I eating healthy enough?
Birth control shot and pregnancy, help?!?
Need advice from someone who stopped taking Zoloft?
best time to start using steroids?
Do you think I'm depressed? what should I do?
Help with my period?!?
Bleeding a day after losing virginity!?!?
Should I \steep\ e-juice with the cap and dropper on or off?
How many years will I probably have for braces? What is the minimum amount of time?
Is it necessary to do close grip pull ups AND close grip chin ups?
How many calories in this?
Open cut on thumb, not healing?
Is it necessary to do close grip pull ups AND close grip chin ups?
How can I get medicine for ADD?
Can't Sleep. Is there any OTC sleeping pills?
What is up with these sick/faint feelings?
What is this weird flapping piece of skin between my legs?
Birth Control Questions?
what to do when u had a bad and and stress fullday?
Will I get fit and build muscle by doing this?
So im 30 but people tell me i look 25?
Why are some people extremely for water fasting and others are extremely against it?
Getting my braces off soon?
Does this happen to other people?
Can a 13 year old take sundown naturals hair, skin and nails?
Birth control and periods?
Why does my chest feel as it is empty?
When i go to Sleep later during night i keep waking up most of time like every 1hr.?
I have been on my period for 3months why I am on the drop shot?
How can I get a proper diagnosis?!?
Is it period pain or trapped wind/ something else worse?
How to get rid of thrush?
Is it normal to feel depressed because...?
Airsoft Lube as Self Pleasuring Lube?
I'm having surgery in 2 days time, I'm so scared! Any advice?
can I eat these foods daily to help lose weight?
Period 6 days late?? Help?? :(?
can I have a \cheat meal\ ? :(?
Does anyone have a promo code for simply gym Coventry?
cutts?help me?:(.. please..?
What are amino acids and bcca's?
Loss of short and long term memory in young adults?
How do I get back into my gym routine?
I need some serious answers?
why do i bleed after every time i have sex?
Can I use lotion on the area of a pimple?
Question about masturbation?
dieting? am i eating too little?
feeling really sick anyone no whats wrong?
I'm so sore please help me!!?
How do I get ride of the pouch of fat at the bottom of my stomach?
Please help !! Lump under armpit?
Help mad about eating?
Does this sound like Toruettes Syndrome?
They bully me because of my acne..?
Easiest way to break your wrist?
How do I find a ride to my emergency surgery 25 miles away when I am new to the area with no friends?
Is it possible to lose 60-70 pounds in 6-7 months?
Do I have to wear rubber bands with my braces when I'm going to the orthodontist?
abnormal lab levels in 3 year old?
I am a 100% virgin but for a few days the lips of my vagina have been dry and peeling. I have a few hives.?
How do I learn to trust again and build up my confidence?
no energy to work out?!?
I keep continuously getting colds?
What doctor do I visit for...?
What are ways to clean your bum with water?
Is weight training a necessity for losing body fat?
What are some cardio activities(besides running) I can do?
Teen weight loss camps?
What kind of sickness could I have?
Can I have a reaction to this?
How can i stop snorting all the time when im awake! ! ! Its spoiling my life! Its like im dead to everyone?
Could I work as an audiologist?
How to have sex and be most safe about not getting diseases?
How to get rid of premature ejaculation?
can i deworm a bitch that is menses?
water weight or real weight??
How do you know when you're addicted to cigarettes?
I jammed my finger in a door 2 months ago. my nail fell off but my nail growing in is green. what is going on?
Is it fun being tall?
I have a bump on the top of my head towards the center back?
my life sucks so much right now.?
my 70 year old mom just got diagnosed with stage 1 level 3 breast cancer with her2 will she survive this?
Sexual abuse 7 years ago?
Should i see a doctor?
I Think I Need My Tonsils Out?
Question about food infected with E. coli?
Why do I have a raw cervix?
How many calories do I burn jumping rope?
always feel like someone is on top of me and i wide wake what does this means?
Can i have a list of food fo losing weight please?
why do i get horny easy?
whats a good way to get energy besides coffee?
How to stop flu before it becomes serious?
Is it Difficult to Adopt a Paleo Diet Lifestyle?
Do Fat Burning Foods Really Exist?
I think I accidentally overdosed ?
How can I lose a few pounds in a few months?
Picking up baby weight but my bulimia/anorexia is starting up again?
Plan B / pregnancy possibilities?
Are fatter people less prone to getting sick?
I have pitting edema in my legs, pulse at rest is 110 and get short of breath going up steps .?
how do i lose weight?
What is this tubing in Nick Jonas' pocket?
Throat feels funny help?
do anti depressants always make you feel high or loopy?
How to remove brown spots on skin?
is it possible to grow a bigger and pointy adams apple?
How much should i weigh?
I'm 17 and my breasts haven't grown..?
Can my penis fall off during masturbation?
I feel like an idiot. I guess I'm socially awkward. plz help.?
I have these molar expansions?
Discomfort in genitals & testicles!?
itchy CLITORIS and white discharge?
What is wrong with my body?
Can I take painkillers before getting my first tattoo on my thigh?
Can qt long syndrome lead to heart failure?
Can neurotoxins impede or inhibit intelligence?
Will you lose weight not eating ?
What do you think of my bum? Rate it please?
loose belly fat exercises?
Cellulite! How to get rid of it?
How come my temp is lower than usual? 96.9-98?
Fart problem...I don't know why it's not coming in night times?
I think i may be depressed?
How to get a penis implant?
Could I do anything to straighten my teeth without needing braces?
Delaying period with birth control pills?
Acne Issue on my cheek?
Help, my body is leaking fluid.?
please help !!!!!!!!!!!!!?
Am I going to lose my mind completely?
What is the best dressing choice for a high exuding venous ulcer?
I think I'm getting an eating disorder.?
Health; am I healthy?
Advice needed from older women with this?
Question for people who fast ONLY?
What's the average weight for a 14 year old?
Would this diet plan work?
I think I may have given my wife herpes. Is there a way I can convince her she got herpes from a toilet seat?
will I grow taller if i lose weight?
help?! periods so irregular!?
How likely are you to be targeted in the knockout game?
How fast can I lose ten pounds safely?
A Question For Eczema Sufferers?
will i become taller?? and how much?
Plz help me at sleeping problem?
HELP !! How long do people usually live if they have chronic kidney failure???
Not taking my antidepressants when i should be?! 10 points?
how to cover up red spots on nose without makeup?
Missed period, negative tets?
My appetite WENT UP?! what is going on!?
Mono symptoms keep returning and don't know why?
prego or not prego picture below help!!!?
Ashtanga Yoga information?
Tubes tied 9yrs but seeing something move in stomach for going on 4 weeks now.. all hpt and blood test say neg?
What is the average penis size?
Have I Got Caffeine Poisoning?
I think I have herpes but never had sex ?! HELP !!?
I'm not hungry but I don't want to slow my metabolism?
Protein shakes? harmful?
Stomach hurts after having sex?
large amount of gooey discharge with foul oder?
can you get a skin rash by quitting smoking?
an apple and lots of water for weight loss?
Can I get veneers on the nhs if I have an exemption certificate? My front tooth has decayed and now has a hole?
13 Year Old Boy Need To Lose Wight, Fast!?
Is the herb blend \si wu tang\ safe to use?
Have I started puberty?
how can i learn to decide when to cum?
Every time I eat my stomach hurts. I think there is something seriously wrong. Help?
I had unprotected sex and im tensed I might be pregnant...what do I do?? I had mensovit plus about four times?
How to. Get. Cancer.?
I believe having a hangover is neseccary. Am I right?
Does the Water Diet really work ?
Is 12 stone too fat for a 13 year old?
I'm really scared!! What do I tell my mom if she sees my cuts?
Free online coaching for anxiety, paranoia, and self-doubt?
My thigh is numb should I be concerned?
Why do some women think they have a say in male circumcision........directed at one user?
My husband's CT Scan showed \Mild Cortical Atrophy\ What does this mean?
How do I get thru this? My anxiety is so bad, I need help?
I'm always miserable and sad help me?
Herbal Remedies for Stress in Dogs?
What the heck??????????
how are blood glucose levels controlled in people who do not have diabetes?
what's wrong with me?
Im so worried about going to the gym?
I have a brown diarrhea like substance coming out of my vagina. Should I be worried?
I am having problems finding the right panty size?
Do your parents have to be in the room for your first CAMHS meeting?
I'm a underweight teen.?
I don't know what's happening to my boobs?
Any Appetite Suppressant for my health? (10 Points to best answer)?
Does my teacher thinks I have an eating disorder?
Why does this happen when I'm on my period?
How to get leukemia on purpose?
Where i can download the Weight loss Ebook ?
Hair on inside lips of vagina?
why do I have two dimples on my lower back?
I have an urge to hurt someone?
One of my elastic ligature fell off my braces?
Am I short are my friends just tall?
What medication helps anxiety? Best answer gets 10 points!!?
DO YOU LIKE TO EAT PROTEIN BARS?
I'm such a skinny guy why do i love to eat so much?
Severe headaches, light headed, and sick feeling, can anyone help out?
15 and a half just started puberty?
College work causing headaches?
I'm thinking of becoming a part time personal trainer? Few questions?
Trying to lose weight, just got a personal blender...have recipes?
How to tone your body?
HELP just foreskin my penus on accident?
Has anyone ever been asleep - known they are asleep?
How can I get to a small size 10 by June?
Does caffeine stunt growth?
I cant retract my foreskin and no p enis head, will I die?
How can I stop over thinking?
My breasts nipples are hurting me my I have a terible headache an my belly keeps on cramping an my period date?
Marijuana Expert Needed?
Was I abused as a child?
Where can I buy a nature's condom?
Is this a good way to lose weight?
Fast way to get rid of stretch marks!?
How to warm up before weightlifting?
Plzz help me...i need help for morning walk!?
What is the purpose of a myocardial perfusion scan [nuclear test]?
I physically feel physical pain when someone talks about physical pain.?
can i do insanity and weight lift given i eat the right amount of calories or bad idea?
RGP Contact lenses - Is it safe to rinse RGP Contact lenses with distilled water?
What's wrong with me???
Smegma overload please help!?
How long does it take for a person to lose and see weight loss?
What happens when you call a suicide hotline?
I am not losing weight as fast as I wished.?
I'm thinking these are side effects from anxiety but...?
Does it get easier to purge?
Weight keeps fluctuating. What's going on?
I recently started loving myself...?
How many heartbeats per minute?
how to deal with terrible cramps?
how do i cure my depression?
Why is my ear bleeding?
How much weight should I lose?
Is this action healthy during intemacy?
Diarrhea for 5 days, help?
I am new to strength training at gym, hiring a personal trainer good idea?
swimmers ear making my anxiety act up?
Marijuana caused my symptoms? I do no other drugs and smoked with 2 friends who were fine?
Where can i start before i get a sex change?
How to start talking after a tonsillectomy. PLEASE help!?
Which method will be less painful quickest and low failure?
Can anxiety or bad relationships trigger depression?
Is this a symptom of brain tumour?
Eating right and exercising but not losing any weight?
so nervous but dont know why and if i should be..?
I don't know what is wrong with me, please help?
What contraceptive pills would you recommend?
How to deal with crab mentality of other people to me?
Why can't I ejaculate?
I'm 55 not a athlete my bp in the mornings is 98/64 to 107/70 standing at night it's low also?
How can I pass my drug test in 6 days for wallgreens?
I heard HIV is a hoax and does not cause AIDS is that true or just BS?
What could this pain be ?
Stoner question please help?
My dr wants to schedule me for an upper GI endoscopy problem is I do not have anyone who can drive me home?
My dad has a hairy back does this mean I will?
I can't take this anymore, I am almost at breaking point?
Who discovered metabolism?
Does a Medical marijuana card effect my mothers insurance, or does it show up there?
If one SSRI worked really well for a while and then pooped out, will another one work as well?
When i mastubated i got a little bit of blood on the object?
Does sex with a condom still feel good for a man?
tips for losing 10 kg?
How to put on weight?
Will this affect my progress or not?
I bought the wrong vitamins?
Can I still keep growing?
1 minute speech on health and fitness?
Can I leave my contacts at the container and left it for like 3 days without using it?
Otlistat diet pills, anyone used these?
When is stress just too much to deal with?
Help finding a car for cancer patient?
How much should I weigh?
How can I shorten my period to 3 days?
Concerned about penis size?
Whats got 4 eyes but cant see?
I feel I will fail at life?? 10 points best advice ?????????
How do I get rid of these allergy?
How many calories should I eat a day to lose weight?
is eye dilation part of a routine eye exam?
i think i have emotional trauma?
Why do americans eat junk food and get fat easily?
Is this healthy a diet?
14 and i want to lose weight before summer?
Does head pressure mean anything bad?
Will a paining Coccyx ever heal?!?
Can alcohol be consumed while taking a Pancef Antibiotic?
Hiv Finger test and Oraquick Test?
How can you stop yourself from craving bad foods like chocolate in the evening?
What do you understand by \U.K. mental health law user-empowerment\?
*Girls only* Pads to Menstrual Cups?
Is the 250 Americans Infected real?
I want to know if is it true that average americans eat junk food frequently?
Lose a stone quickly?
Am i underweight or normal? im a 16 year old girl and weight 108llb at 5'7?
I had a blood spot on my underwear!?
I would like to inform about black money in ahmedabad?
Headache and dizzy!!?
Is diabetes curable permanently?
How long will my friend stay in a mental hospital?
Solutions of major depression?
how many young amoebae hatch out from a cyst of Entamoeba histolytica?
Can I take Aspirin and Zoloft together?
My mouth opening get reduced by 50% and unable to eat/test a little bit spicy. can it become normal ?
Normal to get erection in front of female doctor? REALLY EMBARASSED?
Will I have an STD because of my ex?
Is this a healthy meal replacement green smoothie for breakfast?
Is this bad????????????/?
Is this a healthy meal replacement bar?
Why am I absolutely petrified of Animetronics?
How many calories does a 16 1/2 year old girl need?
Mens could be start before sex?
MENTAL HEALTH NURSING UK UNIVERSITY,,,ADVICE ME?
Severe Dementia what to expect?
How do I stop and what is wrong with me?
wha oes it mean if a 13 year old boys penis is 3cm?
How come I never get fat?!?
What's wrong with my ankle?
How to get rid of pimple?
My boyfriend thinks vaginas are gross?
How to get him interested?
Why do I always feel sleepy at school?
Will i give her herpes?
I'm really really confused about something and I just want to know a few opinions?
Simple 7 day diet plan to bulk up?
Is this okay if I wipe too hard after using the bathroom?
would you take allergy meds or is there something else to do?
Can masturbating stop your period?
Help with exercising?
How to get rid of scabies and mites from skin?
i pooped and blood came out of my buttwhole whats wrong?
What will happen if I get hit in the pancreas and stomach?
I'm always tired and have to nap in the day.?
emmbarrassing poop problem?
Effectiveness of the pill?
Are there any resources for kids of socio/psychopaths?
How do you know if you have strep throat?
Male body hair VERY LIGHT?
Acid Reflux Vs. Asthma??? Looking for answer asap.?
is this normal when smoking marijuana?
How easy is it to lose weight after pregnancy?
Missed Period.. should i be worried?
A Medical Mistake......?
Erection problems when having sex?
Sick to my stomach for 4 weeks?
Why do I not feel like an adult?
Why is it so hard to find a psychiatrist?
PLEASE HELP ME GAINING WEIGHT HELP !!!?
Can I take the pill for only 1 month?
i think my wife has an anxiety disorder, what can i do?
My brain's electrons and or magnetism can turn on electrical appliances?
Nose bleeding due to headache?
Why am I constantly bloated?
got depo shot in december still no period?
I need help getting my sleeping schedule back on track?
Milk out of a glass bottle?
Diabetes is affecting me academically?
Constipated and UTI problem!?
Do you agree with my view on the flu shot...(WHAT!...ARE YOU SICK)?
Are these the signs for diabetes?
Am I pregnant or could it just be something else?
what is a program of sensible eating and exercise habits that keep weight at a healthy level?
Please help! A lump near my vagina hurts!?
Is it normal to outlast the girl during sex?
How do I tell my girlfriend that her vagina smells bad?
Is jumping can make me get taller?
Cramps but not on my period? GIRLS ONLY!?
how do I get rid of my chicken pox scar??? pleaseee answer I am so desperate!?
Dizziness and Blacking out at 15?
Me and my boyfriend haven't had sex in weeks?
Me and my boyfriend haven't had sex in weeks?
If had viagra but not having sex? what happen to the health? can we use viagra for general briskness and healt?
What does it mean if an infection starts to pus?
Symptoms of celiac disease in a teen? Any celiacs out there that can help?
I have depression can someone please help?
foreskin restoration question?
I'm getting white stuff on my retainer is that bad?
If had viagra but not having sex? what happen to the health?
why does it take so long (hours) for me to fall asleep?
What to drink and eat after vomiting?
how can i starve myself without binging?
My partners periods are getting late and she is getting kind of implantation bleeding?
are silver fillings bad for your health?
If had viagra but not having sex, what will happen to health?
I want to shave my vagina?
Tell me YOUR Arms workout ?
If you are allergic to milk, can you produce breast milk?
what do it mean when nose is stuff you try to blow it and it is bleeding?
Is it safe for me to take Glutathione?
Does eating 700-300 cals really cause weight loss?
Does taking GREEN COFFEE BEANS supplements give you loose stools ?
i have a bump on my head and its bleeding should i be worried?
there is a problem with jerk off on web chats?
My period is two days late help?
Is this a healthy meal replacement bar?
Do bowels actually move?
I can never get to sleep at night, need help?
Can I sue ? Great pain after misdiagnosis?
whats wrong with me?????
How do I tell my mum I want labiaplasty?
I am 23yrs, female, my esr is 40 mm/hrs?
how to get a bigger penis?
How much does circumcision cost in your area?
KFC after a dental filling?
Should you take Ativan daily or just when you think you need it?
Tested positive for Chlamydia. Should I be using a different wash cloth now each time I shower?
i want to gain weight and im a female and im 14 years old?
is the \right\ way to move a stretcher feet first even when there is nobody in it?
Shooting pain in my shoulder?! PLEASE HELP!!?
I'm really scared! HELP! :'(?
Im 17 and my penis is 4.3 inches.is there any possible way of stimulating the growth of my penis?
what's the reason for insensitive feel in legs?
What would be a good start to becoming a pediatric oncologist?
Lack of blood flow to fingertips?
Tingling/slight numbness in right hand?
Can a guys penis size change?
Headache. Please give me some advice?
How long can i survive without eating?
Please help! I need a routine ASAP?
How do you get muscles fast?
why does my eye sting?
What happens if I don't wash my hand after I use the bathroom?
What will happen if I take a pill two days before my period start?
What to drink and eat after vomiting?
Weird rash, is it shingles?
Help with prostate stimulation?
In ketosis but not losing...?
how do i help my friend get away from poisons?
Any devices that stop stuttering/stammering?
what is excessive sweat?
How safe is LASIK surgery?
Does anyone have any testimonials about apple cider vinegar?
Why am i not losing any weight ?
Given the false rape pandemic, how can I prevent myself from being falsefully accussed?
What is the diagnosis for stalking,harassing, and obsessing. What's the name?
Do you get pregnant if he rubs his penis to my vagina even if im on my last day of period?
How can I learn to love my small boobs?
What is sweaty palms?
Partial lateral meniscectomy ?
Two Questions about Fitness!!?
Problem. please suggest!?
Is it unhealthy to almost always always wake up in the middle of the night to use the bathroom?
I keep getting injurys how do I change this?
I'm on the pill and my period is late?
Was I about to faint?
Super sore throat ?!?
I can hear my heartbeat in one ear?
Pain/soreness in left hand in the morning?
so i burn pieace of paper and i smoke it is still it bad ?is that going to cause cancer??
what is abdominal strength and endurance?
how to deal with low self-esteem?
Am I addicted to Video Games?
Will stretching marks fade away when lose weight ?
If a patient has had sepsis in the past are they more likely than not to get it again?
my partner claims to be epileptic but does not take his meds can he take a lie detector?
I really need some advice about changing my major?
What are some harmful household cleaners or medication?
is my dick average size?
Am I doing this right?!?
Have osteomylitis from work related enjury?
Can the flu cause stomach upset and diarrhea?
I am 15 year old boy and the skin around my penis is very long it is twice the length of my penis?
what is the standard size of penis.?
Are there any good non alcoholic, Flouride free mouth wash out there?
Is the Copper IUD worth the most painful, heavy periods?
Do I have dspd (delayed sleep phaze disorder)?
Does this exceed use prove to work backwards maybe harmful?
How to not be tired with little sleep?
I'm so depressed all I want to do is cry but I can't?
For weight loss, is it better to work out 7 days a week, or skip a day or 2 to rest?
How to deal with intense anxiety?
How to get rid of Adderall side effects?
got some pimples in the penis..!!?
Shortness of breath from laughing.?
could a regular 30-35 day cycle ovulate at the 33rd day?
Off the pill because of weird period, never had intercourse (only fooled around in underwear), and - pg tests?
My doctor told me i have ANGINA!!!!!?
Female urethral irritation and blood.?
do I have the flu or a cold?
Can spirulina cause temporary/permanent weight gain?
If i take 10tablet of trika0.5mg at a time then what is the rection?
why does my ankle hurt this morning?
So I finally got my period back after 6 months... What happened!?
I work as a phone operator getting 16 teeth pulled and getting dentures how long will I need off from work?
how to cure this vein pain stuff?
Lower right back pain?
Is it bad to have too much Vitamin C?
Lobe piercing infection *10 points?
No control over words. Help?
No control over words. Help?
I'm so lonely and depressed?!?!?
I'm so depressed all I want to do is cry but I can't?
borderline diabetic. confused about what food to eat. please help (long question...)?
What is a saline solution?
I'm not well and I'm really hungry?
my 4 yr old woke up crying from an earache , help?
Tiny, itchy bumps on lips of vagina?
no confidence to do anything :/?
Squats for smith machine help?
Half squats or full squats?
could this cause a seizure?
Is face wash useful in prevention of acne?
Full body vs. Split routines whats best?
how does the body meet the needs of the muscles?
Fast weight gain for 18yr old Boy with fast metabolism?
How do you get THE PILL or the injection (contraceptive) in Malaysia?
Why is one of my boobs bigger than the other? HELP!!!!!!!?
Push ups??? Triceps push down?
the best sleeping pill or liquid form?
Spots with no black or whitehead, been here for months?
Am getting boils in my buttocks. Have no diabetes and dont want to take medicines.natural therapy possible?
I like to be nude when no one is home?
Im scared, please help!?
Where in the Philippines can I have testing for lyme disease?
Why won't my chlamydia go away?
Post - Pregnancy Fitness HELP?
What mental illnesses does weed encourage?
i would like to know,where I can find the articles on health?
My gallstones can be taken out without gallbladder removal, right?
Been on a streak of not sleeping?
My gallstones can be taken out without gallbladder removal, right?
A small bruise on my breast?
Why are my fingers numb?
Prognosis for HIV and Hep B patient?
Can alcohol help you get through some insomnia?
Bleeding heavily after sex...?
Do I still have a chance of getting sick?
What is smoking meth like?
will she grow any taller?
My body hurts at rest ?
dry itchy vagina..help?
What type of doctor should my wife see first for these sypmtoms?
What is the sign of diabetes?...im not drink much water befor but since i start exercising im taking almost 6L?
Ac joint seperation. I need my confidence back?
Where can I get best dental implants services?
Advice needed on Agnus Castus interactions with other herbal remedies.?
I've been having my period for almost three weeks now?
Its the 6th day of chickenpox n blisters r not scabbing over.?
How soon after lung surgery will you know if it was success?
Water dripping sensation in leg & numbness?
I have a birthmark down there?
My dad is working to hard and looks like a walking crippled person?
got some rashes in the penis?
can falling on your tail bone give you a concussion?
What are the best supplements to take for muscle gain?
Pain in Arm and Neck?
That are symptoms of toxic shock syndrome?
Will i get taller when im older?
Swollen Lymph Node or Hernia?
How do I lose weight in mainly my stomach region?
Do I have penile cancer?
um HI, okay Im a 15yr old girl and i want to loose so weight this year. Any suggestions?
How to loose weight on my tummy & thighs?
ejaculation in sleep?
i have a sore stomach like you get if you hold in a wee, but after i go to the toilet it is still there?
what can i do when gout attacks me ?
The MK19 40mm machinegun weighs 75.6 lbs. how many kilograms does it weigh?
I think I have ADD/ADHD?
Do any of you suffer depression?
Whats this on my legs?
sex, why a 48 year old man don't like sex?
Not sure if bitten or scratch by a stray cat?
Did i lose my virginity if i had my 'problem'?
Will I grow any taller?
How many kg will i lose if i eat 1000 calories a day and run for an hour?
Any chance of pregnancy or no ?
Symptoms below, but, Is it the Flu? Maybe not.?
Iast night I accidental touched my aunts bra, will I get pragnant?
Am I going crazy or losing it?
Best foods and drinks for teeth?
How to get a full squat?
what is the best things to do to get to sleep?
What sickness do i have?
How long does it take to recover from masturbation side effect ?
ive had bilateral subacromial bursitis for one year now, can anyone help please :(!?
Is this normal for my period?
Why do I feel tired all day?
Does this sound like a cold sore or a cut?
Are vitamins a really necessary?
I wanna cut myself?!!?
Massturbation problem?
Is this correct about birth control pills?
Do you think I should gain or loose weight?
What is a good way to get rid of acne?
I NEED to get skinny?
Is it possible to have a Chest Infection without a Cough ?
How to cope with depression inbetween school and work?
Extremely Painful coccyx?!?
I gave my boyfriend 'head' and now my throat is sore?
Scared scared of geTting it can I get it if my bf has it?
If you saw a fat person running in your subdivision would you laugh?
What to do after throwing up?? :(?
Can the smell of weed get into a vehicle from the outside?
im now taking cerzette as contraception and its making me feel alot happier , why?
Would the doctor look at my penis for STD checks?
Constipation Question easy 10 points?
How big are your breasts?
The doctor says I will not fall pregnent because I have a small utrures is it true?
Please answer :( How to lose weight?
How to talk to my partner, I think we both have an std?
badminton after ACL surgery?
What's this feeling??
What can I do for the pain when I have a gallstone attack?
Penis size? Does it matter, and Is it done growing? [Girls and professionals only please.}?
Why I can't control myself?
What are symptoms of ADHD?
Is my vagina still tight?
boyfriend's dad is morbidly obese?
Is there any way BV goes away on it's own?
Do i have anxiety or heart problems?
Lacking some sense in my thinking?
What is the importance of wbc in haematology laboratory?
Huffing ultra duster..?
I'm too ticklish for oral sex?
Does anyone know anything about the thyroid condition 'Hoshimotos Disease'? do I have to change a diet?
Do I have ringworm or what?
Acne on my back and arm?
Help my tounge is yellow and white? medical xxxxxx?
Eating and bodybuilding?
Is my penis too hard?!?
How to do long time sex if anyone get ejaculation in 10 minute? Is it ok to take medicine for long time sex?
what do I do I have concussion?
New white filling problem?
list of gluten foods?
After christmas break I can only get 5 hours of sleep?
I have depression and don't know what to do. How can I get out of this?
Blue mark arond my wrist Help!!?
Help. Do i have UTI? Frequent peeing in the morning?
does coming off ventilator onto tracheostomy mean shes getting better?
Help. Do i have UTI? Frequent peeing in the morning?
Getting loose stools/ diarrhea everyday?
I'm completey miserable but don't know what to do?
What do guys prefer best?
um i need some advice?
The back of my throat hurts! Help!?
i slept without underwear on two nights in a row?
Has Any one ever used Mecktone weight loss pills?
Feelings very \down\? need help :/?
what is the best way to prevent motion sickness?
I have no zeal in life help me?
Is this workout good?
How long does it take to get malnourished on a crash diet?
Do I have iron-deficiency anemia?
Will i lose 1lb if I burn more calories that i consume?
is it bad for you to fall asleep in the shower?
Do I have TB? Please help?
I think i have comsussion?!?
Would I catch a stomach bug?
Explain how increased pCO2 production during exercise leads to increased ventilation.?
Does any1 else do this while on a diet?
Can I still grow taller?
is it okay to always receive oral but never give it to the girl cos its gross to me?
instead of drinking the tea to sleep, could it be more effective if I ate dried chamomile?
i have headace due to low blood pressure and i am 19 week pregrant?
help me please.......?
lEFT SIDE OF CHEST SWOLLEN?
Annoying constant leg pain?
I always depressed in exam times and can't sleep in nights; plz help?
How much exercise should I be doing per day ? And what kind ?
i am a 46 year old male and feel like i constantly have to pee but cant?
CAN YOU GET HIGH OFF OF SEROQUEL?
Dental abscess not going away?
what is the cause of sore boobs?
Finishing prescription of minocycline... whats going to happen? :( please read..?
What is this thumping sound in my left ear?
I need help getting fit !!??!!?
is it herpes or just paranoia?
What are the importance on preventing cough and to avoid recurrence of the disease?
about pimples and blackheads on face?
Is there a chance for my height to grow?
Is there a chance for my height to grow?
Can epilepsy medication affect periods?
Can you get gallbladder adhesions from legionella?
How do you really treat Insomnia?
Do I have an STI? I am too scared to talk to anyone.?
can Hydrocortizone and amoxicilln cause swelling and burning in the vagina?
Garcinia cambogia 1300 Maritazmayer any good?
Do you think is possible that gal gadot can gain seven kg of muscles in 4 or 5 months?
What is the meaning of masturbation?
Are there ways to battle anxiety that don't require medication? How can I help myself? [10 points]?
is it weird the my resting heart rate is lower?
I am suffering frm unbarable migraine problem.i hav severe headache nausea vomiting.i jusr wana die .i m nt t?
how i can leave Glasses?
im so scared I cant even put in a tampon?
How likely is it to get pregnant while using the pill (Levlen ED)?
School Morning Starts in 1 Hour?
Anxiety issues please help?
I had a baby 6 weeks ago and am currently detoxing from perscription medecation zolpidem. I feel bad, so low?
How did this happen?! Car wreck!?
is it weird the my resting heart rate is lower?
Girlfriend's brother punched my nose and now it's crooked, what should I do?
Possible reasons for ?
iam 17 years old and my pules in 52.6 beats a minute is that normal?
How to get period stains out?
is this testicular cancer?
Sex problems with girlfriend?
I'm weighing 65 kgs now and my height is 5'5\.I want to lose weight and look slim b4 may.but how?
is this testicular cancer?
CAn I get herpies if my bf have it and we had sex?
Boyfriend showing signs of a somatoform disorder, probably serious hypochondriasis-- How to be supportive?
My daughter is suffering from pimples/acne though she is blessed with two children. Is it because of tension.?
Squats? Am I doing them correctly?
why do I DON'T LIKE to take bath......?
Please answer am I being stupid!?
Is biting things caused by anxiety?
I want to drop out of sixth form college due to depression - help!?
DEPRESSION DPRESSION?
I havent had my period in a few months?
tingling and stiff feeling in the back of my neck?
I had diareha for the past few days? Should I go to the doctor?
what do i do about my hip after falling down the stairs?
Is this normal and ok???
please read! im having sex with 2 of my ex boyfriends?
Small lump inside sack (male)?
Weird twitching in my belly?
feeling bugs crawling on me?
Can you put bath salt and acetaminophen together?
is it safe to eat odd shaped eggs?
how bad is my eyesight?
Is odd shaped egg safe to eat?
Is odd shaped egg safe to eat?
hi there, i was on depo and had the first two shots and decided to stop taking it due to the weight gain.?
What is hydrollic lift?
I've smoked marijuana for yrs but I only weigh 100lbs can it leave my system quicker than a month?
help..i suffer with extreme ptsd and flight fight or freeze syndrom...???
Is my meal plan too much / not enough for recovery from anorexia ?
My toe is swollen and painful....?
What kind of drugs can I take as a smoker?
Anyone else's periods so heavy they can't leave their house?
Is this enough excersise to lose weight?
UK wage for Dental Hygienists?
My teacher has a stomach virus?
Is gaining 1lb a week good.?
what can i eat if i have watery diarrhea?
Can plan b cause me to get my period twice in one month?
Eczema cream for non eczema?
liver cells store excel glucose by converting it to a more complex carbohydrate called glycogen. whatorganelle?
My 4 ear old has a panic attack when she has to burp?
I'm so embArased, I cannot leave the house when I have my period?
Men: Is being homophobic something to be proud of?
i have hpv and have had oral sex?
Zen cleanse Scam Revealed?
Do I suffer mental problems living as an old fashioned 19 year old boy.?
How do you get into bodybuilding.?
What kind of glasses lenses should i get? No insurance?
How Can We Fit And Smart Fast?
my height is 5 foot 5 and a half and age is 17 how much i can grow more till the age of 20???????
is this normal for girls?
What can get me high in my house I can't leave the house and I need to get high?
can i get relief from my Nightfall?
How to DECREASE butt SIZE (not fat but lift of it)?
Please help me to start workout?
queston about getting back into shape?
This happens every time recently when I have a bowel movement?
read , rate, hopes it inspires you.this poem writting by me Liliana H?
Does this sound like schizophrenia?
Good workout routine for my weight set?
My ear drum flutters when I hear certian sounds?
Where to get tested for STI's?
Should i be worried that my depression has hit an all time low?
How much should I weigh?
Hi I'm just concerned I'm not sure if I should be worried or not?
Do I have a peptic ulcer?
Can Melatonin cause Depression ?
Has my penis stopped growing?
I need Help losing weight as soon as possible.?
How To Open Up To My Therapist?
Am I a healthy 10 yr old girl?
Do I have a skin condition?
I'm 15 with stretch marks help!?
Anyone know a doctor in Houston TX that will prescribe me pain meds on the first visit?
im worred about my penis..?
What are some at home work outs?
Could this be misophonia?
When does your period start when on the pill?
Do they hospitalize you if youre vomiting blood?
Foreskin, What Can I Do?
What is this white stuff all about?
Lump in breast concern?
blu disposable e-cig question?
Can a high school student participate in sports if he has HIV?
Does herpes randomly come back for only one day?
i think i might have asthma??
I got a really REALLY serious sunburn?
I've had my belly button Pierced for two years. I was wondering will it close if i took it out?
Why Do My Fingers Feel Uncomfortable?
What do you think could be wrong with me?
Am I a healthy weight?
Creatine beneifits ? How much days to get result from creatine ?
My wrist size is 6.1 inch is this normal?
How to get rid of fat?
How long does it take to recover from sinus surgery?
Cant see wisdom tooth clots?
The bone that \ connects \ the pinky to the wrist is painful. What should I do?
Any heavy period suggestions?
Can I combine Tramadol and Zopiclone?
how to walk without a limp?
help me plzzz!!! :(((((((?
Is there a Vitamin F ? Are there Vitamins G, H , I , J , L , M etcetera , etcetera ?
How to get rid of fat belly?
how many calories should i eat to lose weight?
What are the things that can make me confident and fearless?
Is it possible to feel a concussion for the first time weeks after the accident?
dry skin peeling on penis head, and foreskin. help please?
Is it possible to feel a concussion for the first time weeks after the accident?
numbness in my hands?
help me need an aswer plz!!!?
Period question.. Lol?
i need to shed about 80 to 100 lbs before baseball season which is like 3 months away i need help?
Is it possible to feel a concussion for the first time weeks after the accident?
I'm scared I might be developing an eating disorder?
Tooth975, poss to make appointment with you for consultation and treatment for reversing bicuspid extractions?
Do I have a yeast infection , or worse ?
\Missed\ two birth control pills five days apart? Do I need alternative protection?
How long can sperm survive in open air? In water?
sores on tongue and back of roof of mouth hurts?
Is 12 reps ok for arms?
Mysterious Leg Pains, help?!?
How to hide an erection?
after a man finish inside of me i got my period what can this mean?
Can HPV from plantar warts spread into genital warts by masturbating?
I frequently masturbate.when i do so i feel like i am becoming mentaly ill.what is the reason?why?please help.?
will diet pills work for me?
65 over 35 bp and p is 83 35 yr old male?
14 year old step son wakes up in middle of the night every night to drink something?
Why is my stomach so big?
prolapsed uterus during pregnancy?
why do i keep having diorrhoea?
How can you make your wrist swell on purpose?
I need help, I'm suicidal?
why do girls get b****y in their period?
Am I Weak For Relying On Medication For Social Anxiety?
How fast can I lose ten pounds safely?
Why do I forget to breathe?
is there a way to reduce really bad fatigue?
how to remove the holes of pimples and black heads?
Penis bends a little to the right?
Should I go to school today for my prelim exam?
Emergency room worthy?
I am horrible at P.E! Please help!?
What do I do if My baby tooth is cracked in half?
could i be pregnant? helpmeee?
I think I'm developing an eating disorder?
Dej V Problems (need some answers, please)?
help!!! is their something wrong?
Butterfly needle vs. regular needle?
A stomach virus or something worse?
I think I'm developing an eating disorder?
Sore throat. Achey. Cough. Sinus pressure. Earache. HELP?
jucing to lose weigjt?
What foods can improve iron level?
Penis bends to the right a little bit?
What causes bacterial vaginosis?
How long will it take to lose 2-3 inches?
Is there any kind of drink to make voice sound like i hit puberty. Because i have hit puberty but no one b m?
Shower with cold water or hot water ?
HELP BLURRY VISION SUDDENLY/ON COMPUTER?
the weight of tin when it is full?
How to gain weight healthily?
I eat when I'm not hungry?
Is something wrong with me emotionally any advice plz!!?
Painless soft bump near bikini line??
can I pull my loose tooth?
dental work in kansas without insurance where is good to go?
Weird white hair growing on breast?
Is my friend taking too many supplements/herbs/vitamins??
its my 18th birthday and i feel depressed, advice?
How Can I Loose Weight In About 4 months?
where are some dental hygiene programs near jackson,tn?
Tylenol with codeine #3?
I Have a Hard Time Sleeping All of a Sudden?
Does anyone know what this might be?
A good work out for my arms.?
how can i bigesst breast?
Does tongue wrestling give you HIV?
Is there anyway that I can fix my skin?
i think my thigh is popping?
Is this something to be really worried about? Localized upper abdominal cramp?
Cut on my frenulum, can ikeep having sex, while having that cut? any risks.?
i have seven months guys and gals?
What are some least painful piercings? (Ear only)?
Who is Tooth975? I'd like to schedule an appointment for a consultation and seek treatment.?
how can i lose weight in a month or maybe in just weeks?
im a girl , 18. how can i get my calves slimm.or in a better way?
Vomited stuff for bowel prep and colonoscopy in 7 hours?
I weigh 98 lbs but don't have a flat stomach?
What product to you use to give yourself energy?
How can a 13 year old get a six pack?
Mental breakdown while doing homework?
my mom's ESRe is 38 nd her age is 43 years is it really a big prob.?
I have a 24 inch waist line plz help?
How to even out my chest muscles?
my right elbow hurts when I straighten it? lost strength when gripping things. .?
Possibly pregnant? Yes or no?
I feel so alone and I'm suffering?
My friend and I have the same waist size but she looks skinnier than i do?
Will I get sent to a mental hospital?
Lower back, thigh, buttocks, and hip pain?
Mouth is cracking on the sides - Help!?
how to make tourettes better?
I scratched my thumb nail with a paper clip, 1 year now and scratches still there?
I'm sick, but its unknown to exactly what... help.?
I have a painful lump on my inner thigh?
is Everspring and Min Tong safe and good?
Question about smoking cigarettes?
How to eat healthy proportions for muscle gain and fat loss?
how do I ask my amazing fiance not to come with me to dr visits?
What will a doctor say if they see my self-harm scars?
Every one insulting me.. i need some one to share my feelings ?
is there a deference between being addicted to marijuana and liking to smoke marijuana?
5'3\ female 130lbs calorie intake?
what happens if i shower and i have stitches on my head which are 6 days old?
So im 14 years old. Im a stocky built guy and was wondering what the best way to get a six pack and nice chest?
Sperms freezing question ??? If I collect my sperms and freeze them in home fridge to use after 4 months...?
Meal plan for weight lose?
how much would it take to lose 100lbs?
just found out I may have leukemia. ... I have a wonderful and concerned fiance?
Traumatized by thoughts?
i keep forgetting alot is that bad?
Girls only - what did it feel like when you had sex for the first time?
what are the odds of someone catching a std that is undetected their first time having sex?
I CANT BREATHE!! help :(?
WHAT KIND OF NATURAL COLON CLEANSE ELITE?
Monodox (doxycycline) pill, Ziana gel, and Aczone gel drug reviews? (Acne Medication)?
can a lortab be out your system in 2days?
What natural ways can help my ejaculations?
im unsure, what should i do?
scale is making me mad...?
Exercises to get smaller legs but a bigger butt?
Why does sex suddenly hurt me?
If the condom broke and he pulled out right away could I have gotten chlamydia? help!!!?
How long will 1 line of cocaine stay in your urine?
How do I diet for a clean bulk?
Advice on weight loss for a 16 year old?
best time to take medication?
how to i gain weight on my legs ?
should I start cutting?
Experiences with adderall?
Second puberty for Men?
Should I begin to cut?
Can my finance be taking my nuva ring?
I have a right swollen testicle, no pain?
Feeling really tired and weak lately; HELP!?
Is this a good excercise plan?
I'm terrified to be in my own home?
Workouts for a thigh gap(skinny thighs)?
stress causes pain near my armpit and moves towards my chest, whats is it?
Why do i ejaculate at 13 and what NATRUAL or non drugs can help my ejaculations?
Is it ok if I don't take Whey protein for a day?
why am i sleepy at day but wide awake at night?
Will losing weight make your bum smaller?
I don't know what to do...?
What are the odds I'll get a auto-immune disease?
What is the normal size of ovary?
How can I grow taller?
How fast can I lose ten pounds safely?
Throbbing pain in my left pinky toe?
Should I buy my mother cigarettes?
Woke up, unable to breath rapid heartbeat?
How much does a oral surgery cost?
Dizzy hours after exercise?
are hives a often pregnancy symptom?
im 15 and need body advice.?
trying to get a 6 pack, good plan?
Did the doctor look for chlamydia and gonorrhea during my std testing?
Am I eat ting to much fast food?
can you tell I lost 50 pounds?
Where is that bloody dot.?
Will she grow taller than me,and Hw much could she grow.?
i got lotion in my eye?
My nose is stuffed? I got a sinus infection?
Question about my expander for braces?
My throat hurts and my nose is running and my head hurts what could this be is it just he flu?
Will Zoloft make me loose weight?
What do you do with a man that has endless stamina?
Do you think that 32 is old?
i accidentally took two Metoclopramide 5mg tablets?
People with depression: does this help?
why am i seeing rainbow halos?
middle ear infection?
Having high eye pressure in 27 years age?
Explain my symptoms please? 10 points!?
Bump/Cyst under tongue? DENTIST/DOCTOR/SOMEONE???
I need peace! Negative test still no period?
What are these mental disabilities?
Can I have unprotected sex now?
Is muscle milk a good choice ?
13 year old weight question?
I'm 16 years old and my penis size is 4 1/2 is it going to grow more?
Anxiety and Atenolol?
What should I do about excessive bleeding from my butt?
Is muscle milk a good choice ?
I have lactose intolerance, so I drink lactaid milk but get problems when I heat it up?
what happend?! my period.is weird?
Should I take adderall?
How can I get taller?
Why would my eye color change?
Why are people scared of bugs?
Weird period patterns?
Is anyone a qualified therapist/psychologist?
i have these runny nose for over a week and also have itchy eyes?
i have a really personal question that needs answering?
Are there dengue fever in the United States. en sumer?
How can I get rid of Derealization quickly?
What color braces should i get? Plz help!?
why is my labia minora swollen and raw?
My personality has split all to hell?
How many mg of methadone should i take to get rid of my horrible back pain?
will once capsule of a test stimulator affect your chances of having children?
What can I tell my family members who say \I don't believe in the flu shot\?
how to lose weight fast??
Blisters/Ulcers after sex?
How many mg of methadone should i take to get rid of my horrible back pain?
I hear this weird water noise in my ear.?
My scalp hurts what should I do?
help please! :( Wet foreskin and smells?
what is this mental illness called?
what is good for sinus problems?
Going cold turkey off Clozapine?
I'm 16 and about 5'7 to 5'8ish, will I grow any taller?
what could be causing these \hallucinations\? and what should i do?
What are some marijuana strains good for relaxing?
Can I grow taller after 19 years age ?
Somethings wrong with my throat!?
Eye pain when looking at close up objects?
Why does my upper left rib cage hurt?
Coping with strange Bi Polar Symptoms?
I want to get for but I don't know the correct workouts to do?
Why does my ankle hurt even though there is no swelling?
Can i eat whatever i want and go to the gym?
Cough attack in class??
How to get to sleep fast?
Am I really short or just a little below average for my age?
Ear Question (Medically) ?
Why wont my arms bulk up?
Can you get thighs gap from indoor bicycling or elliptical machine ?
Is it normal to have hair on your penis?
i have started my periods..jan2 and ends..jan.6 what are my safedays?
Something in my stomach felt like it ruptured?
what is it like getting your braces off?
will cigna pay for my lap band surgery?
My mouth got burned from Apple cider vinegar?
HELP! weight loss. need tips!?
How do I heal my HORRIBLY chapped lips?
I really need help. Emoitionally unstable?
what is this bump on my face?
yahoo what should i do please help?
Is it bad for your heart rate to slow down?
Is it bad for your heart rate to slow down?
Why do I weigh so much but I'm not that fat?
I need some help plz answer?
IS IT POSSIBLE FOR THC TO LEAVE YOUR SYSTEM IN 2 WEEKS?
How to subtley help my friend lose weight?
How many squats should I do to make my but look good?!?
I've smoked cigarette 3 times in my whole life, i know its bad will it effect me in future??? please help?
Protiens? will my size shrink if I stop them?
Can antibiotics greatly weaken the immune system?
Why do I have 3 a long white hair growing from my cheeks. It kind of looks like a whisker.?
Is it strange that I laugh while experiencing pain instead of crying?
why doesn't my mom take things in account?
Since I'm overweight can I be still be pretty?
How long can I have tonsillitis?
Will working out twice a day 5 days a week give me results?
Men, what comes to mind when you see a temptation ad on the internet?
How to lose tummy fat?
Could this be Coronary Artery Disease?
I have more partiallity thinking .all time i have subjected for that.?
Ways to deal with stress help ?
Acne problem, I'm 15.?
Can going on and off of birth control be the cause of my acne?
My period..Girls Only!!?
Sleeping problems or something worse?
I like a guy, but he's Indian? What do I do?
I have a lump underneath my armpit?
I'm 17 years old, and 2 months away from being 18. I'm wondering if I'm done growing?
Question for people who fast ONLY?
Is it okay to drink dunkin donuts hazelnut iced coffee once a day with cream and sugar if im on a diet?
How long would It take me to lose 30 pounds?
Cheek swelling, unknown causes. Any good dentist in Vancouver?
Is this normal? It has to do with peeing?
small lump/cyst on left side of cervical opening?
what does it mean when my rbc in my urine is 0-2 and wbc is 1-2 and few squamou cells and occasional mucus?
Average lifting weight for a 15 year old?
Have you lost your heart and left it behind?
my mom started her period at 17 but she has type 1 diabetes dose that mean that I will to?
I've been having constant gas and burping about 5 times a minute.?
Does my gf hav an illness?!?!?
What postion do you think i can take for highschool football?
Was it just a panic attack?
How to fix ONE tooth without braces?
Is black and mild worst than ciggarettes?
Can somebody please help me about height :)?
How can I lose weight?
Can you please convince me to not smoke pot and to stop smoking cigs?
What can i do whenever someone calls me pretty it makes me angry or sad?
What postion will fit me for highschool football?
Bust- waist- hip heathy size?
How to get to 140lbs by march 14th?
can blu cigs give you pneumonia?
Doctor said I have immature bones in my knee, what does that mean?
Can someone help me about height please :)?
Why do I always smell bad?
I need help with pills?
Wisdom teeth surgery?
Having gas pains in my shoulder?
What to do about bad treatment at the hospital (please read)?
Very dark brown discharge?
The Middle Of My Back Hurts A lot What Could It Be?
I'm 22. Can I still grow taller?
Do Flu Shots actually Work?
Are you allowed to drink monster after getting vaccinated?
I had a bad experience from weed, I feel like im going mentally ill, do I have anything wrong with me? :(?
i have 340 blood sugar level right now do i need medical attention right now, it was 365 before i had dinner?
how can i get a bulky body?
Why won't my acne go away!?
How to make yourself cry to release stress?
I went to this therapist and she stated that I had a schizoid thought disorder? Srry its long?
I just passed out and hit my head?
Does adult medicine work on Children?
Dealing With Guilt And Regretful Thoughts?
Why is my chihuahua butch always shaking he seems scared Can someone anyone everyone help me.?
Am I pulling back my foreskin correctly?
How many calories burned juggling?
Do i need braces again?
is aloe vera gel harmful to teeth?
Depo Provera - my warning!?
How do I get a flat stomach fast?
help me please im allergic to sunscreen but i work out in the sun all day what can i do from stop getting burn?
is my extra heart beat dangerous?
Posting this again...... seriously need an asnwer......?
I am 13 years old. I weigh 72kg and I want to loose weigh and possibly get a six pack.?
7 pounds in one month ?
How to get over this anxiety!?
Will my scars be a huge turn off?
Should I start lifting weights?
How do I tell my friend about my cuts?
What is a good remedy for severe acid reflux?
Is there a way to get rid of eye floaters?
ozzing itchy scars really hurt, Help?!?
Question about Cyl for Toric Contacts?
Dramamine High First Time?
help tempted to do drugs?
How can I lose and maintain my weight in college?
Am I not going to grow anymore?
When to take a pregnancy test? Need feed back ASAP?
Is this social anxiety disorder or just shyness?
Signs you have an STD?
I need help badly...!?
Could this mean he is a pedophile?
What is the bump on the inner wall of my vagina? And is it normal?
is it okay to get vaccination more than once?
Loneliness - How to cope?
How to say no to physical therapy?
my penis is numb what do i do?
Am I done growing (height wise)?
What's ring with meeeee?
How can I motivate myself to lose weight?
why do i feel like there's no blood in me?
I can barely breathe, what could this be? No Health Insurance & Wasted Doc Visit?
Low carb diet for weight loss.?
Do i have a heart issue?
My toes turn purple after a shower?
what are signs period is really close besides vaginal discharge?
I have gastric pain in my head and in my body I also have muscular pain what can I eat to get remedy?
I don't know why I am breaking out in hives.?
I don't think I can handle midterms?
ways to make skipping meals easier and less noticeable?
Why is it so hard to stop cuttin yourself?
how long does it take for scratches to fade?
How to go exercise without parents knowing?
loosing weight and getting boobs?...?
What excuse can I use for these cuts?
Whenever I am about to orgasm it hurts?
How to say no to physical therapy?
How much dairy will cause acne breakouts?
Asking for some advice??? Urgent!?
How can I increase my cognition and memory after a rough year?
Question for people who fast ONLY?
how do i deal with seeing open cadavers?
ALS worries in 20 year old black male?
Why cant i eat when i have a panic attack? :/?
i need some HELP how to loose fat with out loosing muscle?
Why do some people have purple lips?
How to get over my fear of vomiting?
woke up with sharp lower left abdominal pain?
Do I look fat in this picture?
How Long can I have swollen tonsils?
Am I suffering from depression?
please someone help???
How much is too much when it comes to vitamins?
Pregnancy !! Lots of discharge is my cervix closed?
i fear that i am going crazy?
what type of power of attoney do i need .my brother had a sever stroke?
Headphone Jack Stuck In My Brother's Ear?
Why can i have great stamina and speed but still have a fat stomach?
Can't keep food down?
I don't really know what to do!?
Is throwing up a symptoms of the swine flu?
Can patients listen to an iPod during a cardiac catheterization or angioplasty procedure?
are there any pay nogap chiropractors in campbelltown like the nogap dentists? thank you?
Pulling back my foreskin?
Dieting may have mess up my health?
Do I have high blood pressure?
Is this allergies, a cold, or the flu?
Will I get th swine flu?
On antibiotics for chlamydia, how long do I have to wait to have sex again?
I shouted towards my doctor?
Question about pain medicine and alcohol?
Question about pain medicine and alcohol?
Can I buy anti-depressants in Masschusetts as a minor?
I am Color-Blind AND Left-Handed!?
How can i lose more than 10 kgs weight with skipping rope?
Why do I have such horrible pain in my abdomen?
Masturbating and anal seapage?
What does it feel like to be kicked in the testicles?
What can I do to QUICKLY heal my scalp sores?
Need help loosing weight?
is this even possible 10 pts?
I've had mucus stuck in my throat for a couple of weeks now?
Weight loss for a 15 year old gal!!?
Am I done growing (height wise)?
Bleeding after a slight blow to the lower stomach?
Can I catch the flu from this. (Please help)?
What is wrong with my skin?
Why do I have chest pain?
Is there any way to make this go away?
do I look chubby and fat in this picture?
What is the sore on my lip? (Pictures)?
How to not leap into a mat when doing a front flip?
How do I get rid of Pimples on Penis fast? Doctor won't help?
low calorie alternative to chocolate milk?
SecureTablets.com - Secure Tablets Reviews?
How do I get rid of Pimples on Penis fast? Doctor won't help?
Can you really die of heart break?
When is the best time to take Zoloft?
Small white bump underneath tongue?
Does tea (with no cream/milk/sugar) cause the same energy crashes as Coca Cola, Coffee, and energy drinks?
Do I have depression?
should i get surgery on shoulder? what is it like?
Stomach and chest pain, and nausea?
Am I gaining weight rapidly because I'm getting taller?
Are hookah pens bad at all?
10 weeks still.waiting on period after birth could i be prego?
Not being able to eat. Do I need to see someone?
Do you think my diet is healthy enough?
what's your opinion? _food _wisdom teeth?
Ideas for a 30 Minute Workout?
Pinkish bumps on back and shoulders - NOT acne. What is it?
i dont know what to do? i cant take it anymore, i hate school, HELP?
When will it grow? I'm 14 turning 15?
Idk what to do two brackets are loose and we don't have an orthodontist where I live?
How do you get AIDS? How can I stop being a germophobe?
How do I avoid gaining weight on birth control?
cant keep food down help?
How can I get taller?
Lions eating other lion's babies on national geograpic and humans?
How do you get rid of scars.???? :o?
Why do strange things give me an erection?
Less than 1000 calories a day for a week?
How do i get a six pack?
Does rubbing dirt on it really help?
Can I have a kid with blue eyes?
Can switching diets make acne worse?
Is my boxer showing signs of needing medical attention?
Why do I smell like rotten fruit?
Which Cardio Workout That Can Be Done At Home Is Best For Losing Fat In The Waist (Thighs + Butt) ??
why people act like they mad at me?
HELP PLZ!!! I CANNOT SWALLOW PILLS, HOW DO I LEARN?
Should I take Adderall?
What is this rash? :(?
Am I eating enough??
Why do coaches yell at people?
These suicidal thoughts never leave my head?
colon cancer symptoms?
Am 93.4 pound girl , 4'4 tall and 14 years old , please read?
Am I going crazy or losing touch?
Underwent a nose job and the results were shocking?!?
IT WONT COME OUT!!!!!?
Do push-ups build muscle?
Does wearing shoes without an insole cause you to have a flat foot?
recently got a nose job and the results were shocking?!?
Colon cancer symptoms?
How flat of a stomach can I get in 22 days?
Have you ever been electrocuted?
How to quickly get back into running?
Any nutritionist on here? I need some help please?
How many calories did you eat today?
My acne cream is making my breakouts worse?
GENERIC CIALIS Online where do you buy?
IM DYING!!?? IM.SCARED!!?
Depo shot , and cramping ?
Why do some adults not know how to keep themselves clean?
There's a lump on my ear?
Think I have gotten HPV, how do I get tested?
Please help! For tomorrow! How do I hide my cuts?
Any nutritionist on here? I need some help please?
How can I lose weight for my prom?
My grades are going down and it's making me depressed?
Marijuana with asthma + track?
Is this normal or do I need help?
How to get rid of acne..?
hard lump on the back of knee?
Is it safe to take all these together?
What could be causing this on the left side of my face?
im 165 and i want to be 150 by next month. what can i do to lose 15 pounds. im 6'0.?
How can I grow six inches in height?
what is the best way to gain weight?
scared I have HIV, what do I do?
Why does ADDERALL XR calm me down?
Can I get an STD from 6 years ago?
Am i removing planters warts right?
Best way to lose stomach fat?
Too much air in stomach causing ALOT of pain help!?
Does the dentist judge you for having cavities?
I pee myself a little by accident, I'm a 19 yr old guy have always had this problem.?
is there suppose to be big circle things in your breast?
I cath a flu from taking to someone been 4 days fever chiils and lots coffin plus I have asma?
I noticed some pubes am I finally becoming a man?
Will whey protein help me?
Is my family geting the flu?
I need advice for tampons?!?
is there suppose to be big circle things in your breast?
doctors can't seem to diagnose my health issues. please help?
is it ok to wash your dog everyday?
Will somebody seriously please help me?
are my dizzy spells from anxiety?
Help?? Idk what's wrong, can someone help?
How do you get a toned stomach?
Am I going to get the stomach flu?
Should I stay home from school I think I have the flu?
What's the best way to get rid of acne?
What is the fastest, way for me to snap my ankle ?
My penis doesnt last as long?!?!?
productive cough wheezing breath?
Is my thyroid level off?
Pediatric dentistry sedation?
To Bronies: Please, Help Me?
Am I sick with something?
Does height effect penis size?
I just spilled nail-polish remover on my carpet. What should I do?
I'm really anxious about a school assembly?
Is excercising a lot A good thing while grieving?
why is it that if i masturbate slowly i cant ejaculate only when i do it fast?
Will this workout plan show results as times passes?
Buzzing/stinging in arm after mosquito bite?
How do I get curvier and get a bigger butt?
gas or heartburn or heart attack?
Can you get chlamydia by having sex more than one time in the same night with the same person?
How to lose weight by summer?
how to get rid of cold sore so no scarring?
HSV1 and oral sex, chances of transmission?
i've got a sugar addiction?
What is this rash called in my inner elbows, not itchy.?
Is my wrist sprained or damaged?
I have a \bump\ on my skin surrounding my penis. I am only 13?
how to put on weight the healthy way?
To Bronies: Please Help Me?
Am I going to get the stomach flu?
My sleeping pattern is badly out of sink?
Testicle pain every month?
Quitting cigs ? I keep coughing up mucus for 2 wkks?
I am 16 years old and hit puberty at 15... My penis size is only 4.5 when erect, Will it still grow?
Has anyone ever done the eye drop prank?
Haven't had my period in 4 months?
What can I do to treat early flu symptoms?
Shoe and height for a 13yr old?
I been eating pizza 4 times this week?
Can I get my filling done while on amoxicillin?
I find it strange that I enjoy studying?
Why do i see stuff at night?
why can i see my epiglottis?
im 15 and wanna get circumcise?
Burning sensation in my side?
Floating specks in eyes?
10 pts! Please help!?
Am I anemic? Or... what?
Something on my penis?
How could pharmacy bill for pills never ordered or sent?
I Have To Take A Drug Test But I Won't Be Clean?
What happens to you're skin when you lay in the sun for 2 hours?
Whats with Paul Ryan and P90x?
Worried about my Penis size, is it ok?
Can depression cause these symptoms?
What moisturizer to use while on accutane?
why am I itching so much?
what does it mean if you crp levels are up but chest xray is fine?
Very Sick!!! Need Pain Pills!! IN HOUSTON, TX?
how much are braces in the UK?
How to scream higher pitched?
I can't loose weight?
What's something good to nibble on when you feel too sick to eat something big?
ExtRa vertebrae In my back?
How do I tone my ass and get rid of cellulite?
i am 15 and want to get rid of my pudge !?
got a gap out of no where and have braces for 3 years?
Who can I go to to get help with feeling suicidal?
Why haven't my breasts grown yet?
Where can I buy the himalaya neem facewash?
How painful if sex for the first time?
Why does it hurt a guy so much to be hit in the balls? Please no dumb comments...?
Lean mass body is possible without gym?
Has anyone else suffered from Lumbopelvic Dysfunction?
Right and swollen testicle?
Is saturated fat proven to have negative effects on health?
10 points best answer!!! Please help!?
What's wrong with my daughter?
Do i have gynecomastia or pseudogynecomastia?
Why does my acne bleed so much?
Could I have mono? Or is it something else?
3yr old fell, X-ray shows no fractures, unable to straighten arm?
There's a bump on the lip of my vagina!! Does anyone know what it is??
Sick of being thin. Please advice?
How can I gain weight?
I Have social anxiety and keep freaking out at school & i'm really stressed out about everything._.?
Body mass is a little high for my weight?
should i get surgery on shoulder? what is it like?
Cut my private? Girl?
What should I do about horrible cramps!?
does anyone have any special night time remedies or medications you take before bed?
Beside the nose always acne, how to do? I wonder if it was lit or other reasons.?
Beside the nose always acne, how to do? I wonder if it was lit or other reasons.?
Can i do sit ups and push ups during my period?
We havent had sex but only oral. But I want his penis inside of me. Is he avoiding it coz he is 20 year older?
Question About Nicoderm Side effect im Experiencing?
im getting bigger but weaker in the gym?
Is shooms a bad \first drug\?
My penis hurts/burns when i pee?
I had sex the day after my period ended. how long until a pregnancy test would show positive?
should i worry or just wait n see?
My girlfriend is late on her period?
Really skinny but bloated?
what is the name of the bacteria that causes norovirus?
I think my legs have too much muscle?
My girlfriend has two anus holes?
Is it healthy to eat a cup of ramen noodles everyday with healthy breakfast, and dinner with fruits?
(Estimated) what is my resting and aerobic heart rate?
How to loose weight mostly on stomach and thighs?
What happens when someone fingers you?
what is the name of the bacteria or virus that casues swine flu?
How can I treat Cauda Equina Syndrome naturally?
contacts do not pair properly with my cubes. phone?
I just rolled my ankle help?
i never get thirsty why?
Do you laugh until you cry? Like this..?
Right testicle enlarged and in pain?
How do you properly use a heart rate monitor/pedometer after exercising?
Food in the cracks of couch? Illness?
My period is late and I am worried!!!!?
How to get rid of cellulite on thighs?
How do white blood cells fight viruses?
Why do my eyes change color?
Do I have Insomnia? or is it somethinf else?
Weight loss help, too curvy?
Toothache for a few days now...?
what does the platinum membership at lifetime fitness include?
Is a period lasting 8-9 days normal?
Walking aircast and crutches?
Am i smelling sickness or something else?
WHAT ARE THE MOST HEALTHY REPUTABLE WEIGHT GAIN PROTEIN SHAKES FOR 16 YEAR OLD BOYS?
one butt cheek is is more toned than the other? Any suggestions? 10 points?!?
i think my coinselor hates me?
Condom size for 7 inch and 5.25 inches in circumference?
Every time I eat something my stomach starts to hurt and I feel sick?
Vaginally bleeding whenever you see your crush?
Tactuo acne medication question?
i got sunburned on my face?
can the person you unblocked from kik still be in their contacts?
WHY IS MY FRIEND COMPETING FOR A BETTER BODY?!?
How to tell if you have an arrhythmia?
What could cause a coma?
Can I lose about 60 pounds in 7-8 months?
Did I get the flu/strep again?
What's wrong with my bowels?
A question on my Whey Protein?
how can i grow taller?
Does zoloft help with add?
Friend just took 11 tablets of meletonin what will happen please help?
Im having trouble sleeping help please?
Summer exercises at home?
Orthodontics: Braces removal questions?
How much do fitness trainers make?
My lungs hurt when I breathe after exercising?
Did I start my period?
i have a huge bubble on my anus?
Questions/advice in losing weight at 16.?
Is this ringworm or something else?
How tall will I be when I'm 15?
Is drug addiction or alcoholism more common in people with addiction?
After doing short sprints and jogging my left side has bee hurting since?
Why do alcoholics deny they have a problem often?
i think im better off eating unhealthy?
If i eat to many donuts will i get fat?
Feeling pressure on my face?
How to tell parents...?
What does Al-Anon teach family members of an alcoholic to do?
how much does a gallon of water weight?
listerine or corsydol mouth wash which is better?
What's wrong with my period?...?
Is it weird that I use yahoo answers as a friend to talk to?
Everytime i leave the dentist a new problem arises?
How can I get a full six pack?
how to get rid of dry skin. home remidies??:)?
Anus gets sore and don't know why?
Does any1 know where I can buy blood root herb?
Should I be doing weights?
Is it normal to feel depressed sometimes?
Is something wrong with my daughter?
Throat/neck hurts? Why...?
Any Home remedies for oral thrush?
I am 16 years old. Can i go to the doctor for anti- depressants without my parents?
How do I get through this on my own, without my girlfriend?
Any suggestions for healthy low-carb meals?
is drinking green tea daily healthy for you?
Why do people with addictions use drugs/alcohol more at Christmas time then other times of the year?
Why does my stomach hurt after i eat?
Can Christmas trigger lonlieness and depression?
Why is Christmas so stressful for people with anxiety?
Why do I feel lighter than what I weigh?
What might be the cause of this pain?
Sudden pain in my lungs with cough? I'm 15?
I don't get hungry everyday, therefore I don't eat everyday. Why is this?
Ok I smoked weed on a Sunday of last weekend and I was wondering how long does it take for that to get out?
Frequent Urination (At least 9 times a day)?
Optimum Nutrition Gold standard vs optimum Nutrition whey isolate?
How fast can I lose ten pounds safely?
Am i suffering from depression?
Exercise with strep throat?
Do you think i started puberty?
How much weight can I lose in 2 weeks?
after thyroidectomy symptoms?
what countries have been majorly affected by polio other than U.S.?
Tooth filling falling out?
Will I stop to crave the carbs?
What is the cause of anxiety disorders?
Why aren't I losing weight?
if you have a vasectomy do you still ejaculate anything? does vasectomy effect sex and duration etc.?
How can i prevent an ovarian cyst?
Just need some advice.. please help?
How do I overcome Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder?
Am I having my period?
i am short sighted what options do i have to fix it?
Negative pregnancy test, but 5 days later the window is really yellow and a random second dark lines appears.?
Should I go to school?
Is it okay if I take Glutathione?
What happens if the results of a electrocardiogram test is bad?
Brain cancer? Brain Tumor? Telling My Parents?
I just want to die I am sick of living?
Period problems! Please help me!!!?
Why do I feel chest pain?
I got circumcised today due to tight foreskin and extreme hypersensitivity of the head....someone please help!?
I stopped my period a week ago & when I go to the bathroom I always find small amounts of blood.?
I got my first Black eye I need some home remedies?
what is my calves pain from or what is happening to them?
How long does a sore throat last for?
What is the clear protective layer put on the teeth by a dentist, brushed on then dried under?
Birth control, late period, virgin?
If you go from a small but to a muscular butt by working out then stop working out will your butt go small?
What are the early symptoms of endometriosis?
Is dj vu a symptom of brain cancer? 10 points?
mild headaches, tired, nausea and hot flashes( but I'm only 22)!?!?!?
hi is it possible to get pain killers on the net?
Why is my poop grey and black?
Advice on mood swings?
Am I allergic to my organix shampoo?
Did I burn my lip with Nair or is it a cold sore?
Left with bad under eye wrinkles after an allergic reactions & I'm only 20?!?
explain how the brains response causes the increase in blood pressure required during exercise?
How can a Female pass a supervised drug test for probation with fake urine?
Is this too many calories?
Is this too many calories?
Skinny, but still have a pudgy stomach?
is it true that people who have experienced cardiac arrest don't survive very long?
Need help in losing weight?
Itching On Inner Part of Would Be Called The Labia Majora....?
How much should I weigh?
Please help! In so much pain?!?
can I eat muffins or brownies with spacers?
Going to work while high?
Should I give up on my diet?
Why do i have brownish red colored discharge?
Could I have acid reflux or something more serious?
Chest/breathing problems. Something to be concerned about?
Would you go blind if you injected your eyeballs with bleach?
Quit smoking weed always tired?
atkins diet? help and advice please!?
Serious problem...please help?
Best cream for anal fissure?
What does a Psychiatrist do?
I've broken out in hives? HELP.?
I'm very sick please help?
is this signs of the Flu?
By cutting vegetables and storing them, will they lose their nutrients?
How many calories do you burn during cardio?
If there are 93 calories in 3/4 cups of cereal how many calories are in 9 cups?
Is the vyvanse doing this to me?help!?
Is it unhealthy to lose 17 pounds in 20 days?
What can be used to reduce stretch marks on breasts?
Can a uti affect your kidneys?
Is benching 210lbs for 10 reps at 183 lbs 5-11 pretty good?
Are all acupuncture schools the same?
pimple like thing on my vagina?
I didn't have sex but I think I might still be pregnant?
How bad is it to make yourself throw up!?
I want to rent a kayak. I weigh 290 lbs. do they have kayaks that I could rent for my weight?
Help with finding self control?
Why do I have trouble peeing?
What does your heart range tell you?
What do I do if I miss 2 days of birth control?
Fainting, dizziness and nausea - what could be wrong?
can i get medicad and medacare?
Is this too unhealthy?
Stomach ache after spicy food?
i have been diagnosed a sociopath does this make me a bad person?
Could I possibly have asthma?
What to do when you find a body?
Could I possibly have asthma?
Can oral pain be a symptom of an ear infection?
Is this an okay atkins day?
Bodybuilding comp advice?
losing weight ?!?!?!?!?
Keep my breast size and losing weight?
I feel like at 35 I've wasted my life?
I read about hypertrophic cardiomyopathy and now im scared?
is 5 1/2 enough for pleasure?
What's a good sports bra?
Is a shaking arm while weightlifting normal?
ENLARGED HEART CAUSED BY COPD?
headache for a week whenever i cough or shake my head i feel discomfort in the area i try to crack my neck to?
Burning pain in back and back pain, im a dancer!?
Do white guys like latinas?
I lost my retainer key?
15 interested in tummy tuck?
Have i eaten healthy enough? weightgain?
l m 27year old and penis size is 4.5.can i get a huge size of penis?
how paracetamol to overdose?
why do I have constant low blood lately?
Felling dizzy and lightheaded?
does starving lose weight if you take high metabolism tablets?
Difference between Gianvi and Loryna?
cold sores and genital herpes?
Very Painful Bowel Movements?
LOSING WEIGHT!! Startving?
Just got a treamill really want to loose weight and gain some muscle how should i do it?
Why do I feel weak and sometimes a bit shaky?
Inducing my period with vitamin c? need answes ASAP!?
What does it mean when a guy looks at you & says \THERE IS NOTHING wrong with this!\?
Will symptoms for an STD affection from oral sex appear right away/day later?
my mom is stopping me from losing weight and being healthy!!! WHY?
URGENT !!! Testicular pain! Please help ??
Do I have a sexual disease?
Melatoinin & Fertility?
i feel like i want to kill myself?
No diet, just change the way I eat.?
This is personal so please have knowledge ! No bs?
What is the best way to tell your parents you believe you have an STD?
I'm too lazy to work out?
Do I have heat stroke?
Reworded question toddler has possible.kidney.infection?
Drug interactions with Garcinia Cambogia questions ?
How to shower on your period with a tampon?
feel gush on my periods? NORMAL?! WOMEN?
nervous about where my abdominal muscles are?
I don t want to live anymore..?
I am allergic to yeast, what exactly can/can't I eat??
chew and spit method to lose weight?
Teen in desperate need of help :(?
i cant sleep and i have school tomorrow?
Should I work out if I have the flu?
friend of mines been sick with 103 temperature for 3 weeks i103 temp. 2 doses s if z pac. and llost 10 lbs?
I took 20 tablets what going to happen?
Do i have gynecomastia or pseudogynecomastia?
am i okay to stretch with a vaginal laceration?
Clove gauze thingy (dry socket) after an extraction.?
When will I start puberty? (Boy)?
gene defects,infectious agents and congenital malformations are ___ that can cause to contriubute to the onset?
do i have aids????????
Can i workout 6 times a week?
I'm losing my will to live, what do i do?
Diseases where you need a kidney transplant?
i have noticed a slight decrease in penile size is this possible i haven't had sex in 2 years?
Need help please im losing my mind?
Want to go the gym but dont want to skinner?
postpartum abnormal pap smear results?
why am i so happy on my period???
Itchy, swollen gauge and skin rash - allergic reaction?
Drug test in a week and need to get Mary Jane out of my system asap?!?
how painful is appendicitis, and how much does it hurt when your appendix ruptures?
What happens when you are low on testastrone for prolong periods?
My penis always smells of fish?
How safe is safe sex?
How to lose 6Kg in a month ??
Redness in face after azelaic acid use?
best remedy for cough?
stage3a weak positive er,weak positive pr, negative her2?
what should i do to stay active?
Help! I can't make myself throw up?
sick stomach at school?
He pulled out, took plan b 36 hours later, period a day late?
I'n going to lose my fiance over weed?
should i workout chest twice a week because my chest is 37 inch small?
how do i convince my dad to let me start shaving?
sick stomach at school?
Is it safe for me to take Glutathione?
sick stomach at school?
sick stomach at school?
is excessive masturbation bad for your health?
Why is there a white sore in my mouth?
Is glucose uptake good or bad?
Can gaining 12lbs in a week be all water weight?
I have visual snow? Please Help?
Panic attacks? anxiety? whats happening? Help please!?
Is 6\1 tall for a 14 year old ?
Can Painkillers Be Addictive?
contraceptive implant help?
I think I got my period?
Why am I sick for 2 weeks?10 points?
Toddler with possible kidney dysfunction, has kidney infection?
why are my periods always late?
Doctor Says Xrays Look OK ... But ,?
Please help! Do these look like cuts or cat scratches?
Asking a Doctor about Anxiety?
Trouble getting erection lately?
Eating disorders and getting help?
Am I eating too much protein?
Has anybody with phimosis had sex?
are there any otc pills that make it were u don't have to pee all the time?
I have body odor issue's I think?
I have body odor issue's I think?
Do I have an average body?
Why am I crying all the time, and how can I stop?
I fantasize about death..?
Is there a reason I can't sleep?
Weight loss problem??
I want to die please no suicide hotlines?
I'm a 16 year old female and need advice on losing weight!!?
Will this EGGPLANT PARM recipe help me lose weight?
How to ask for help about depression?
I'm curious about the natural green cleanse pills! Do they work? What are the side affects?
How to be happy with my snaggle tooth?
how to put on weight???
Is this anxiety or what?
Is this ptosis? is there a cure?droop right eye?
Does all acupuncture hurt?
how to tell if i have kaposis sarcoma?
How long should my break from taking echinacea pills be?
i ned advice about my life and depression disorder?
I got a little cut in my hand and after few hours there is a red blood cloth also known as (platelets) help me?
help me please im having boyfriend problems?
ozone ionizer exposure?
How many calories should i eat a day?
Why is my sperm so strong?
Why do I want \help\ but not when other people suggest it?
What types of assessments can Mental Health Counselors administer?
Is it normal for a 25 yr old male to have wrinkles under his eyes?
Does anyone hear numerous voices in their heads.?
Pains near my belly area? :/?
Help!! I just got my first period!?
Best way to get a toned bum!?
Is working out at the gym for an hour, three times a week enough exercise?
how can i get rid of red spots on my face overnight ?
Need to find Diagnosis from Labratory Data?
I really need some beginner workout advice, please?
did I have a dry orgasm?
abnormal mamagrams is it cancer?
Implantation bleeding or period?
So Sick and Hurting!? What does this mean?
Is wearing saran wrap safe for jogging/walking?
Is it possible to go through life without operations?
No food/ little fluid?
Regular bleeding after taking Ecps what can i do?
Vivid nightmares when smoking weed (marijuana)?
Would you date a girl with self harm scars?
Would this be considered eating heathy?
Do these look like cuts?
How can I get a flatter stomach, and bigger butt, thighs, and legs?!?
I failed my test using the cleaner what can I do?
When will my weight start causing health problems?
Why do I have bad breath?
Where can I buy Bioxy Cleanse in Toronto?
I have over 100 pounds to lose. How can I keep going and not get discouraged?
is 6'2 tall for an adult male?
Please help with Toxic Shock Syndrome?
Coping in an unhappy flat situation?
Im 23 years old and a male, and scared to have sex? What to do?
Healthy Breakfast Anyone?
Weight loss question? Help please??
How do I get my body to sleep without taking any medicine?
can chlamydia cause blood in urine?
If you have lyposuction, can you pay for it with the fat they take out?
Can I gain weight from just being stressed?
Can you give me some reasons to achieve a healthy weight?
what could I possibly have?
Active LA Fitness Friends and Family Discount Code?
I need cold sores gone fast!?
how to not worry over nothing all the time?
My stomach hurts after leg rises (lag lifts) please help.?
I'm 17, Why are my balls small?
how do i get my blood presure down?
implant spotting on nexplanon?
Does cancer have an odour?
can i lose 40 pounds in three months?
Can someone provide me with Anemia daily diet plan? recipes? like a monthly/weekly plan?
I'm looking for phentermine from a legitmate site.?
Why do I feel dizzy/lightheaded?
HELP its stuck in the vacuum cleaner?
Is it normal to have a period for 3 days but hardly bleed?
Trying to loose wait but...?
Having a Facial skin problem?
can this be the cause of flu?
Bad stomach pain after painful endoscopy?
Why can't I lose weight?
Why does my knee swells up? i had ACL surgery two years ago.?
Pain in the upper back (just under ribs)?
My knee hurt should I see a doctor?
what is Effient? I know it is a medication?
im 13 and ive not hit puberty?
Do you have to be accompanied by an adult when going to a GP?
Drop in heart rate is that normal?
Just got done with Monistat 3?
I can't sleep, what do I do?
What kind of depression?
Do you know what I can use?
Why am i so physically weak?
i masturbate is this bad?
What does a thigh gap mean? Does it really mean anything?
Weight loss??????????????????????
IM DYING!!?? HELP!! Scared!!?
Accidentally sprayed Axe in my mouth/inhaled a little bit. My mouth feels kinda weird. Is that bad?
Depressed after moving out of childhood home?
If im allergic to this?
Can't see shades of colors?
Has anybody ever tried the eat clean diet and what is it?
Can I eat olives everyday? I need calories. And I love olives.?
How to get rid of stomach flab?
How to cut refined carbohydrates?
How do I get rid of my acne?!?!?
is a 14 cm erect penis large for a 14 year old boy?
are these chinese herbal brand good and safe?
Late period, please help!?
How long after starting medrol and zpack will it take for lungs to open?
What colour braces should I get?
will BIC pay for my chiropractor visit?
what is female asperger's high functioning?
will this diet and exercise plan help me lose weight?
My friend is on a unhealthy diet! Advice?
Am I going to have to live with this for the rest of my life?
Blue cement on molars keep falling off?
Are there any legit websites to buy perscription drugs online?
Does anybody have this experience with weight loss?
What is wrong with foreskin?
What are some good remecies for a sore/stiff neck?
TMJ- Temporomandibular joint help!?
please help whats wrong with me?
I go bit by a turtle help?
I ejucate everyday. is it causes to can't produce children?
Im 23 years old and a male, and scared to have sex? What to do?
i have enlarge liver problem, i,ve been on suboxone, and drinking beer just about everday for about 4 years?
I ejucate everyday ! HELP?
Am I sick? What's wrong with me?
I got semen in my eye?
How to be a healthy male?
Is it okay for me to have an imaginary friend?
i ejucate everyday. is it causes to can't produce children?
How can i get my health records from TennCare for the last 10 years?
Can a 14 year old build muscle?
Is 170 pounds a healthy weight for a 6 foot tall 20 year old male?
Where to start with ACL rehab after having all restrictions lifted?
What can I eat? I got my braces yesterday and I haven't eaten. I am so hungry. Help!?
Are all medications required to go through the FDA?
What exercises can you do to reduce fat on your hips?
Why does my period just look like blood clots? I'm nearly 18?
if you orgasm before you have you're period will you never get you period? I'm 13 and kinda nervous.?
I've asthma,on salbutamol,seretide,montelukas Other meds I take make breathing strained,what to do?
how come i need bigger clothes?
Is being underweight making me have health problems?
How to bulk up advice?
should i start smoking weed?
If i continue on this pace how much you think i can lose per week?
What does it mean if women stretch out their behind towards you? Please only answers from women/girls?
A young man sets a goal to compete in a marathon in two weeks. He started training last week by exercising thr?
Why do I get bad sugar crashes?
This is a question for those of you who have been overweight but now really hot?
Shall I tell my teacher about my depression/self harm?
What are these little bumps all over/on my penis ? I've never had sex so it can't be an std.?
Speed is a component of skill-Speed is a component of skill-related fitness. What does speed enable you to do?
Do bodybuilders eat more protein than other athletes?
what is wrong with me?
Whats wrong with my sex drive?
How to loose fat in certain places?
For how long should you rest after a bodybuilding workout?
Can i lose weight eating like this?
When doing the 30 day squat challenge do you have to do them altogether or take breaks?
Can I get ripped by summer?
anxiety attack about going to work?
I'm so worried about my cervix, what is happening?
I think I have some type of vaginal rash. help?
I keep getting a spot in the same place?!?
Would medicare/medicaid pay for medications like viagra or cialis?
Did I have mono since my boyfriend got it?
Weightloss Question 10 PTS!?
Failing ua test before court for a DUI?
Should i take vyvanes?
Is it true that fewer people die during December then other times of the year?
What type of math does an anesthesiologist use?
What is Obsessive-Christmas Disorder?
how to get a thigh gap and flat tummy?
Could I have HIV I need help?
Does sudafed clear away mucus in the eustachian tubes?
Why does the dermatologist want to see me again when he said everything was okay?
my mind wont catchup yet im past puberty?
PSORIASIS PERMANENT CURE BY DR.WASEEM QUERESHI?
any negative long term effects of the supplement pink magic?
Can you miss a soon-due period after starting birth control?
trying to figure out what, if any disease i have connected to urinary tract?
I need help with my problem?
still very tired after a good night sleep?
I have the chills and I'm sleepy, but I have no other symptoms?
Is my foot just sprained?
Should I get blue contacts?
What does 're-positioning brackets' mean?
I am desperate for some TMJ help?
Hi guys I have been experiencing a strange ache and dullness in the left testicle for a couple of days.?
My foreskin is uncircumsized and now,I think it is making some problems?
Fast weight loss Question?
How to avoid baldness?
Is this a hemorrhoid?
Wisdom Tooth Extraction... Do I really need it?
Can optometrist tell if you smoked weed?
Is being underweight making me have health issues?
How do i get birth control without my parents knowing but still get my insurance discount?
I want to be an orthodontic assistant. But I dont know where to start?
i want to become a celebate but i cant control my urges..plz help?
is this possibly MSUD?
Do doctors look for everything?
Do you think i'm fat/chubby?
how to stop Masturbation?
i neeed advice. about foydce?
Smoking weed for the first time?
Weight Loss Alternatives?
How to become a Tooth designer/Dental Technician Basically....in Houston Texas or surrounding areas.?
lost half eye site in one eye for a few minutes?
I do hand pump every day 2time before 5yerars any problem?
I don't know if I have started my period or not?
Is this Atrial Fibrillation?
When should i get my first period?
How does this prescription work?
natural herbs with LSD effect i can get?
good herbal supplement for depression?
I can't get my poop out?
Why couldn't a person get breast reconstruction?
Why is my scalp so itchy?
good herbal supplement for depression?
How can i look like this?
Iam a male, 47, 173lbs, what would be the best workout to tone my biceps on a pull down equipment please?
what to expect when trying marijuana edibles for the first time?
Is it possible that I had a stroke?
Why do i have constant depression and nausea?
How to get a six pack fast?
Is it crazy that melatonin is illegal here in Ireland? Why would it be illegal? Is it legal in your country?
How can a flu virus kill you?
ummm its not a tooth but its on the side of my gum what is it??
Is my sexual power normal please reply frankly?
Anyone else been through this horrible experience?
My heart doesn't feel right?
Has anyone had any good results with garcinia cambogia?
Why are my femur heads different sizes?
how can I get motivation to workout?
Is it Vertigo or should I be concerned?
can i get treated for an sti without my parent knowing?
Is 1,720 calories too much in one day?
Do you know the moment when you get your period?
How to stop abdominal pain?
it is possible not to have your menstrual cycle for 5mos and i'm not even pregnant?
I'm so lazy to go to the gym ?
why do i have spots on my thighs?
brain tumor:( help!!!!!?
Whats an average bench press for a 16 year old?
I feel like crap when i wake up from a nap?
can you buy percosets online?
How are you supposed to wash your vagina?
I have a medical question that is embarrising?
When I travel by car, bus or plane for more than 5 hrs my ankles & feet get very swollen?
Has anyone used period panties..?
If I sit in a lunge position does it workout my thighs and butt?
In what ways can your state of mind affect your physical health?
How to be flexible while building muscle?
Is it ok? Should I consult someone or it will get fine?
Due to all of the health benefits, I want to start taking cold showers. Do you have any tips?
When or will I get my growth spurt and how can I mmaximize it?
FELL OF A CHAIR HELP??
What effect in human body in hiv aids?
What to expect after morning after pill?
How do i lose weight?
How to convince your parents to take you to the hospital?
Do I have a heat stroke? PLEASE HELP?
I'm 14 and I wet myself quite regularly?
Am I doing enough to lose weight?
Whenever I eat Banana or icecream at night or evening .I get infection in my throat and my throat become full?
Why did I lose weight from this?
Feeling sad in college?
I eat 6 dried prunes everyday with almonds, avocados...etc will the prunes interrupt the absorption...?
Getting used to being nude?
How many times can you break your braces before getting them taken off?
How to become less anxious?
Creatine monohydrate, pre or post?
I think I am depressed but I don't no what to say to my doctor?
Wisdom teeth removal?
I only had 275 calories from breakfast and lunch?
I only had 275 calories from breakfast and lunch?
How many calories should I be eating?
why wont dentists in the uk remove wisdom teeth anymore?
i am trying to get pregnent,but semen fully comes out after intercourse, is it normal?
How to gain body fat without losing weight?
Answer this question please?
At age 50, how much effort would I need / if can I return to my physique during my 20's?
am i over weight for my age?
i need help with my eczema?
Mysterious Cough lasting for months. Help!!!?
When will i start losing weight?
Pain in groin area 8 months after having unprotected sex?
Anyone with Diabetes?
what is it about cold air that makes people cough more?
Im 16 and im 5'1 is that short?
What is the possibility that I have testicular cancer?
What has worked for you in terms of losing weight?
My eye is itching.what could be the reason for itching?
Hair loss and Stress?
Question for people who fast ONLY?
Please help me lose weight9?
Is what i ate today healthy enough?
Use of a ten's unit for thigh aches?
Cramps, Diarreha, Vomitting?
Can I have a virginal infection if my boyfriend used a condom?
Is it possible to get shorter?
morning wood after waking up?
I honestly don't know what to do with my life.?
why does incest cause autism?
What side Affects of taking Niacin flush free?
should i be worried about the small bumps around my nipple?
How many times can you break your braces before getting them taken off?
I\m 60 yrs old, 5'2\,135lbs. Is that considered obese? Overweight?
I normally have hair that grows all over my body. it is starting to grow out of my clothes. what do I do??
My penis very lose nd no strong?
I want to get out of my depression. Any advice?
What causes bacterial vaginosis? Help?
New calf tear 48 hours return to work limping but ok must walk 500 ft advisable? if not how soon?
should i get the flu shot?
What was the name of the deadly GAS?
Has anybody got a Truth About Abs review please?
How long should I wear pads after my first period?
Have I broken or Sprained my Foot?
my man part hurts after having sex?
How conclusive is a six week Oraquick HIV test?
I fell and bruised my breast, hurts, black and blue.Should I get it checked by a doctor?
Creatine benifits ??????
Found lump on my armpit/ breast? im 16 is this breast cancer?
Glutamine burn fat and build muscle ?
Why do my teeth change colors?
I do not add contacts but I have ended up with 11 of them - some automatic thing. Now I cannot delete them?
What does it mean if a man stares at you and ...?
I was at my friend's house and I saw Xanax in his room?
I can't stop thinking I'm fat?
will I have to go through the whole process for my ovarian cyst?
Betadine Feminine Wash Could Cause Vulvar Irritation To Get Worse?
sleeping problem - need help - exams nearing !?
hiv...please help????????
The top curved cartilage part of my right ear has swelled up?
Help getting rid of lower ab fat?
Electric masturbation?
pregnant no pms? pms on her way? or messed up body?
Long legs, short torso. Will my torso grow?
Diabetes volunteers for school project?
can pneumonia be spread through kissing the infected person?
Girls, help me please?
eatting disorders anorexia.?
What does it mean if you cough up blood?
How soon after having my left hip replaced can I have my right hip replaced?
Hemp Protein powder replace Whey protein to gain muscle?
Why do i have a weird feeling in my stomach when i have a tampon in?
Ocd or hypercondriac?
how do I handle this? help, ladies!!?
I keep having Non-stop Erections?
Lemon made area around my mouth and chin red, those parts were quite dry. HELP !?
if you just came on your period, but a period calculator is saying you are one day late,?
I have an awful cold, how can I feel better?
Is it Bad to Eat Snacks/Junk Food every day?
is lomustine effective for treating mast cell tumors in dogs?
Does is matter if i break up my workout?
HGH (human growth hormone) Should I take it and what are its benefits?
Lightheadedness/ Dizzy after throwing up?
What's wrong with me?
is it normal to feel this way?
How to make sure that you have lost all the water weight?
Mysterious Cough lasting for months. Help!!!?
Since sexual desire is so strong in men....?
whats the best way to control your periods?
does it mean you have a high metabolism if you are much skinnier when you wake up in the morning?
Thrush/yeast infection on penis head?
My period is 3 days late, could it be pregnancy ?
One of my testicles hurt when I put pressure on them?
A weight loss program that really works? Please help a girl out!?
boils in armpit, any help?
Taking Sertraline (Lustral), How long does nasea last?
I want to become a dietician / nutritionist?
Help with the pain of spacers?
Aspiration of puss in lung tested negative after Clindamycin. Now on Augmentin. No improvement, now what?
Small red spots on my penis head ?
What else should I do to lose weight?
Can women take kamagra 100mg tablets?
Where are articles on the study of marijuana as a possible cure for cancer?
is it bad to have a watery period ?
My husband has a pacemaker defibrillator can he get close to invisible fencing?
How do you get a body like the Rock or Vin Diesel?
My vag is itchy, stings, and red, please help?
Answer about eyesight?
i think my mom is driving herself mentally insane?
I am Paranoid about HIV?
Are height predictors accurate will i be taller 10 points for best answer?
How do I get my evening to be more relaxing?
Injury in my leg, help?
Back trouble - Pain in lower left side an tight hips?
Help is there something wrong with me !!!!?
hi guys i just wanna ask if being two personality makes me a phsyco or mad read details?
Is 5'11\ (180.34 cm) tall for a female?
Help/advice needed weight-loss plateau 135lbs 5'3 - low carb/atkins?
Why do i get wet at the easiesf things?
Need to lose weight!!! Please anyone with experiences PLEASE share what helped you!!!!?
Strong lift 5x5 dilema 10pts.?
Lump on groin after antibiotics?
My ear hurts only in the mornings and feels weird at night?
How would someone dispose of a large quantity of drugs?
having a lot of vaginal bleeding all of a sudden?
give answer what to do to control sperm when erect with jegling sperm out from my penis what medican and food?
HGH (human growth hormone) Should I take it and what are its benefits?
Why headpain is happening? Its anyway to kill headpain forever? Plz any doc? Helpme?
How common is anxiety amongst the human race?
Should I go hospital! Please help, I think I need help!?
Help me puberty or what?
Can I eat normal again?
Are name brand tooth brushes better?
Why is this happening to me?!?!?
Defects of masturbation?
Birth control pills while on depo?
Pain, Swelling around palm/wrist?
15 Years Old, Missed Period For 1 Year?
I have read that incestuous relations are occurring in American household about one in three? Is that normal?
The most powerful method to win against OCD?
is breathing in cigarette smoke bad for you? how and why?
HOW CAN I INCREASE MY HEIGHT (GET TALLER)?
is breathing in cigarette smoke bad for you? how and why?
How to loose weight without channging my life style?
Doctor or medically trained please?!?!?
Question About Teeth Whitening And The Effects?
I don't know what to do?
I have lost about 40 pounds over six months, but I started walking and gained weight- why?
plz help with question?
I am looking for a weightloss buddy in chennai,india?
Please answer, I'm scared of the potential side effects of these tablets (itraconazol)?
I puked yesterday and now today my face is veerry pale? please help!!!?
Is there a way I can detox the depo shot out of my body?
How to motivate someone to quit smoking?
flu and staph at the same time?
how can i got a penis toy in bangladesh?
why am i crying so much today?
Can i be a doctor? I dont know what to do.?
!2 year old girl has three lumps on here neck what could it be?
Why do some people want to smoke?
What are my options with a crooked jaw?
Ovary hurts during period?
Couch potato getting back in gym, but want to avoid injury like last time?
I'm 15 years old, and I can't cope with life?
How do I find motivation to do something?
Heart rate over 190 during cardio? Is it okay?
Is it my teeth causing all this?
can i get a flu shot?
What does it mean if a doctor says your lab test results were \off\?
Ex has Hepatitis C, should i get tested?
Could I be pregnant???!!!?
im tutning 14 in couple months and wanna lose 10-15 kg. im always insecure of my body. please help, suggestion?
Ear problems? Brain Tumour?
is 13yrs old like me will grow tall?my height is 145?
my weight is 68 kg but age is 15 how i can reduced it in one month by deit and physical activites?
How can I reach my goal weight (serious help needed?)?
Tender hard lump on thigh?
my weight is 68 kg but age is 15 how i can reduced it in one month by deit and physical activites?
why did you get rid of your waterbed?
how can i bulk instead of cutting?
I am 14 and i have a 5 inch penis normally and an 8 inch erect is this small normal or large?
What is the total cost for joining weight watchers?
head injury causing issues years later?
There is something on my vagina! WTF is it?
I Am very skinny And Want To Do Excersices But Which Ones?
Could I have Parkinson's disorder?
Friction burns or stretching?
Im not sure and I need your opinion!?
When do you think my period will start?
Urg): ): ): ): I'm having a mid-life crisis.... AT 13?!?
How can I trust my mom again?
Why do I get a head rush, then pass out while coughing?
Ingrown Toenail HEEEEELP!!?
best routine to get toned or lean?
Arms sore after workout! two days ago?
Teacher found my self harm scars?
Root canal :/ what to expect?
Help I got my period at school?
How do I help my boyfriend cope with his mom's cancer diagnosis?
how long does vicodin constipation last?
Workout help for bigger arms?
where can i find a diabetic friendly birthday cake?
how do i tell my dad about cancer?
How often should I exercise?
I feel horrible after drinking two cups of coffee, is this normal?
Unloseable belly fat (seriously)... is it really just me? Or is my body doomed to be blah?
Finally got a doctor's appointment today about my anxiety issues. What do I ask for exactly?
Dexamethazone side effects?
Am i okay? Implanon side effects?
loose permanent tooth?
Should i fast food now that ive lost a pound?
How to lose 20 pounds in 3 weeks?
Does celiac disease cause hair loss in women?
Puss need the help of any and all the ladys that want to help us out thinks.?
I'm a bit concerned, think my d*** is too small.?
I used to never throw up, now I do frequently. What's wrong with me?
Some problems in my lungs. Having Tuberculosis or what?
Is oral Erythromycin safe 2 weeks past its expiration date?
Can progesterone shots cure ovarian cysts (make them disappear) when a woman is going through menopause at all?
I had sex the day my period ended and then took the plan b pill the next day. Could I be pregnant?
What is wrong with my mom?
When i masteurbate......?
A bag ofapples weighs 64 ounces.How many pounds does it weigh?
explan about thursday-sunday?
What are the best Aerobic Exercises for a 19 year old female who weighs 150 lbs?
pain when swallowing, lump in throat?
Question about the implant :)?
Am I bipolar or am i just paranoid with myself?
My legs are not streght what i am do to streght my legs?
What's wrong me??????!!!!?
where can i go for a check up coz ive had a lower back pain? and where can i find one?
Should my foreskin be able to retract by now?
How tall will I get? Will I eventually reach 6 foot?
Why am I not growing taller?
Is it most mother's worst nightmare to lose custody of their child?
Have I broken my toe?
Bleeding while fingering?
I HATE MY LIFE WHAT SHOULD I DO?
Do celebrities get their periods like I do?
How long until I notice toning?
I had potato soup for breakfast and within 30 mins my blood sugar was 305, is this normal to be this high that?
How long until I notice toning results?
I'm a Horrible person.?
Working out too much? Addicted.?
How do i get my mind off wanting to masturbate?
What am I sick with ?!?
I feel really light headed and tired?
I'm a stalker, what should I do?
Heavy period/light period.?
Please somebody answer? Alcholic girlfriend?
Do I have Trichotillomania?
Legs need fixing? help?
ive tried to sighn up for obama care and i am having no luck?
How to stop static shocks?
How to tell if your elbow is broken?
how can i deal with this.?
Do you have any fears?
throwing up after smoking but can't quit?
Is autism and aspergers the only neurological differences that exist?
DR said I suffer migraines?!?
Is it normal to have low BP after 20 days from having a bypass Surgery?
Having to deal with this whats wrong with me?
HOW TO BULK 3000 CALORIES A DAY?
Why don't squats work for me?
Having tuberculosis or something else?
why do i feel tired and dehydrate when taking 2000 mg of vitamin c?
Am I being lazy or am I stressed?
Grinding teeth problems.?
What are signs that a piercing is infected?
I eat around 700 calories?
can i sleep with parchal?
Why is my vagina so itchy?
Something is blocking my throat?
Anyone here who does free reiki healing?
How to deal with this blood sugar levels?
Suddenly on Sunday night, every time I rolled over in bed the whole room would spin. It was not so bad on?
Do men bond to women at all...they have to?
am i going to gain weight?
I'm 18, female, 5'6 and around 65kg. I want to lose weight, so how much would be enough to aim for?
Condom broke inside me?
what foods help sergeries heal?
friend said i had brain tumor?
I have all the symptoms of depression, yet I don't feel depressed. Help?
Anxiety is tearing me apart?
I don't feel anymore?
If u take your self in to b dectioned an they think u are not well so they section u can they let you out?
Just eating Apples oranges and Gatorade?
what to say on the phone?
I can't eat because I feel nauseous?
i am 14 years old and weight is 110 lbs?
Penis injury due to excessive masturbation, will it heal?
i broke both my front teeth a few years back at uni on a climbing trip, but i bought insurance from the uni?
What should be the Ayurveda's remedy for leukeria (white discharge from vagina)?
Why are my eyelashes turning white?
help with male diet for weight loss?
How to fresh mind during working more than 16 hour?
weird menstrual cycle. could I be pregnant?
What foods should I eat to get a flat stomach?
HARD trouble sleeping, should I see a doctor?
Will anything bad happen if my mouth gets too saturated with water?
How can Special K multi-grain porridge have 30% less fat?
I cry myself to sleep every night?
Took the morning after pill twice this month! Pregnant?
Can 25 tablets of alzolam 0.5 kill me?
Cannot masturbate long enough to reach orgasm. I'm i too young to masturbate?
Possible mental health issue?
do i have schizophrenia? or something similar?
Regarding hiv and a pencil lead?
Having HARD trouble sleeping?
CONTACT STUCK IN EYE HELP?
Genital warts with cancer?
How do I hide my cuts?
Dear sir{my qustion is that my age is 16 and i have 4.5 inches Penis so is it the best size in this age or not?
How to sleep with pneumonia?
Hydrocodone cough syrup and loratabs same in drug test?
What's wrong with me? Anxiety? Depression?
What's the medical term for this?
what natural herbs you can smoke/eat to get LSD/LSA effect?
May anti-epileptic drugs cause you seizures ? Please help?
I have tiny skin colored bumps on my forehead and next to my nose please help!?
oral allergy syndrome?
Where are the ovaries and what exactly is ovarian cancer?
What kind of things can I do in the winter to avoid getting depressed?
My skin is raw after using hair removal cream ?
mental heath problem, im only young):?
dry, oily and stingy nose pores?
i'm 18 year old asian boy and i'm 5'5 , is it true that male still grow until 20 ?
How to cure stammering/stuttering?
Does nervousness stop antitranspirants?
What are the stretches that makes you tall faster?
will i get cancer or other bad diseases after smoking one cigarette..?
Answer please? ??? Nail polish remover question !!?
Stains from braces when drinking tea?
WHat's the best way to get a thigh gap?
hello, im a 17 yrs boy and i want to lose weight but i dont know where to start from....?
what is generic for vicodin?
HELP!! Teacher is bullying me!?
Any sleep doctors out there?
Would you say I am depressed?
Quesiton about Rhodes Farm?
Im 25 yr old. my weight is 64 my height 4'9?
Losing weight. Help!!?
Why am I like this, very long story?
do natural eye exercises work for correcting short sightedness?
Weird feeling in teeth?
I have a lump under the center of my left jaw bone. It hurts when touched and when I move my neck. I?
I've been sick for a month?
Guys, do inverted nipples turn you off?
does hot water leave burn marks?
Can I get another uti while having a uti already ?
Do you have to take someone with you for IUD/coil insertion?
What will cure ring worm?
How can I lose 25-30 pounds quick?
I'm so scared woke up with blurry vision later about a hour?
question about sex? please answer?
Goal to lose weight. I am 73kg. I am after a weight of 55-60kg.?
IUD/Contraceptive coil experiences, please share?
Do i peel my scab, if i don't skin forms over it and darkens skin color in the wounded area?
does both nostrils work at the same time in humans?
Any nlp trainer in dubai?
Thanks guys. Whats the longest i should use them for? at the minute im doing 20 minutes twice a day?
Do all people who are obese,overweight,and children have fatty liver?
Can i do NLP courses online or by correspondance here being in dubai?
Feeling depressed and suicidal?
What is the different in effect of essential oils; Rosemary, Tea Tree, and Olbas?
Can someone explain to me what bill starr MADCOW 5x5 10 pts.?
Spotting after taking birth control pills! Helppp!!!!?
Does HIV make your CBC bad?
Smoking weed to help with fasting?
Am I going to be like this for my entire life?
Condoms too small, where can I buy bigger?
Things that happened to you as a child, do they scar you forever?
Two missed pills but not in a row?
How to heal my scar/raw skin?
my period's late helpp mee?
please help me nobody answers my question:((((?
hair stuck in my eye?
Can hypnosis help me with erectile dysfunction?
How do I get fitter again please?
i wash everyday with conditioner and shampo bt get no result still i have lot of dandraff is it fungal or smth?
Doctor for sexual problem?
Do any of you believe you can help me figure out what may be going on with my skin?
Blood tinged discharge the morning after sex?
How much weight i can lose with green coffee beans?
What is up with me?Help please?
Why are pot smokers always skinny?
How to get rid of pimple marks overnight?
Period Questions....?
What is wrong with my body?!?
Ear candling made my ears itch?
Why don't I have rubber bands in my braces?
Baby tooth or adult tooth? Molar pain?
hy, i m a girl and i wear a bra and nothing more than that. is there a need fo r wearing anything else?
Cleanser Question!! Pls helpp!!?
If i only eat soup for a week how much weight will i lose?
Sudden exhaustion, but not being able to stay asleep, borderline nonexistent appetite?
Had protected sex the day before period but no period the next day?
Why do I feel jealousy towards people I don't know (or people younger than me)?
Why do I get sad after I eat?
I'm not fat but my lower back(love handles) is fat?
Where can i find a effective fitness routine?
How do I stop the gurgling sounds from in my body?
How to lose weight without machines or appliances?
Found out I have chlamydia?
Will I get a ripped body with this workout routine?
Is it common to experiance sleep paralysis when you suffer with chronic fatigue syndrome CFS/ME?
How to get rid of puffy nipples? Lol.?
my glands on the back of my head are swollen large like 6 cm and very painful. I m not sick just feel run down?
is working out a waste of time?
No period on birth control?
Would my voice change after losing weight?
I'm very depressed, frustrated and I feel as though it's my fault...What should I do?
increasing the left atrial pressure would have what effect on pulmonary circulation?
Lemon water questions?
Is it common to experiance sleep paralysis when you suffer with chronic fatigue syndrome CFS/ME?
How do fat people allow them selves to get so fat?
Will I get a ripped body with this routine?
increasing the left atrial pressure would have what effect on pulmonary circulation?
Can my guest at Planet Fitness exercise?
Overdose infor please?
what lotion can I puton my skin to not be bitten?
How to get rid of blackheads on the nose?
what can I put on my skin so bedbugs won't bite me?
What's with my tongue? :(?
Is headache caused by rhinitis?
What are some skin friendly products and brands that don't have any harsh detergents?
Why do I have a bump in/on my foot?
What is Essaim Borr Virus?
Why is the skin on my balls so similar to my eyelid skin?
Pregnancy such a good thing?
Who is the best and most trusted dental surgeon in Dentist Alabaster, AL?
Visible veins on my breasts and hands(below my armpits)?
I NEED TO LOSE WEIGHT!!!?
Treatment for toe calluses?
will i fail a brochial challenge test if i dont have asma my breathing is fine?
How to get rid of Acne! 10 Points, really need help!?
I think i have ring worm on my face:(?
I have little bites on me I'm not sure if it's a mosquito bite or some sort of rash?
after the menses, what the proper time of finguring?
how do I stop falling asleep so fast?
Tampon questions? How do I know if it's in far enough?
can i grow taller ? please help?
Small, pimple-like bumps between my lower lip and chin?
Does low iron cause irregular periods?
Problems with going to bed?
Very dark brown discharge?
Can I possibly be a mommie?
Some times upon waking up my mind and senses w waken but my body w b paralized what causes this?
Does Tennis give me a flat stomach?
In need of effective weight loss plan..?
14 year old boy and puffy nipples?
14 year old boy and puffy nipples?
will i grow taller?than my present height?
my vagina is always sore?
How many calories a day should you eat if you want to lose 2 kg in a week and run for an hour?
WHAT DO MEN LIKE THE SMELL OF?
Sexual Problems for male, Am I in huge trouble?
What is Dentist and which is the science and art of preventing teeth problem ?
recumbent bike training?
Need help falling asleep...?
Please help me i feel like peeing after every 2-3minutes what might be the problem?
is it true drinking water first in the morning boosts your metabolism for the day?
I kind of temper how I over come ...........?
I kind of temper how I over come ...........?
Who is the best and most trusted dental surgeon in Costa Rica?
How to I get rid of all these allergies from my face. Natural ways plz?
Am I Fat? I feel it.?
Congestion, trouble breathing, strept throat?
why you cant hold the breath for a long time?
The ball of my foot hurts?
Anybody know the secret of real healthy skin and face for men?
I walk 1hrs in morning + 1hr Gym. can I safely walk in the evening too? my age 60 years.?
how does your body know when to sweat?
What is wrong with me? Why can't I be worth something?
is viagra better than cialis?
why you cannot empty the lung completely nor burst itor burs?
Best way to loss weight quickly?
Extremely emotional? !?
How can i gain weight in healthy way ?
How can I convince my mom to get me braces?
How do i make my teeth whiter ?
what are the best exercise and foods that can help me to grow fast?
What are the effects of inconsistent eating habits?
I took whey protein before and after workout and. the next day I got loose motion and heavy stomach pain.im?
weight loss buddy chennai?
Is it possible for this to happen?
My Penis Is Leaking green slime and also my testicles constantly feel like i have testicular torsion!?
How do I gain weight?
I cant figure out why im so afraid to tell my boss that theres something wrong with me?
Can a person ahve heart problem symptoms for years?
my husband has his penis dryed and itchy!!?
Do I have to wait on my GP making a referral to the ENT or can I show up at my local hospital?
How to build 6 abs in 1 months?
Does eating marijuana relax your muscles just like smoking it does?
Do I have to wait on my GP making a referral to the ENT or can I show up at my local hospital?
How to remove dead skin cells from my skin help me please! please!!?
why am i constantly \turtle heading?
Throat area beside my tongue hurts, but not sick?
Problems with pimples and slight dark circles?
is compulsive masturbation a real thing?
Do I tell my boss my depression is affecting my memory?
When should take Soya Protein after Workout or before workout?
I'd like to ask a question about digestion?
My mom had a seizure and hit her head really hard on the ground, and her head is bleeding.?
diets for vegetarians (fast) herbalife? should I consider it?
Can cancer be cured by cutting off the infectious part?
How to help a man with psychosis? Things to say and things to avoid?
How do I repair nerves in my face?
Bottom teeth worn down?
What is wrong with my mental health?
Where to download P90x3 nutrition guide from?
Is this a good workout plan for a me?
What's the best way to lose weight , my goal is 30 pounds by the summer , and is it possible ?
When someone you care about is depressed?
Weight loss suggestions?
Could you give me some info on Brazilian waxing?
Does stress or anxiety contributes to heart disease?
Question about oral sex and HIV?
Cleaning contact lens!plzz help?
MY PARENTS THINK I AM ANOREXIC?
Weird feeling in my heart and throat?
Stomach infection untreated?
How do I stop loving, caring, and letting a Xanax addict keep hurting me and breaking my heart?
i got ebv 2 years ago!?
I'm 18 and a student do i have to pay for a check up at the dentist?
Will I grow any taller?
Post workout Natural protein shake?
Can I get diarrhea from eating to much junk food.?
WHY DO I HAVE BLISTER UNDER THE SKIN IN MY FLOOR OF MOUTH?
Random cut on leg???
how Do I Get Rid Of My Fear Of Zombies?
Why does my anus sting when I have a poo?
Is drinking green tea 3 times a day, daily bad for you?
what helps flush norco's?
Will staying up all night, help getting to bed the next night?
How can i gain weight in a healthy way?!?
How can i gain weight in a healthy way?!?
What would cause these type of symptoms?
Hit platau in training, going backwards and losing muscle..why?
how to slow down metabolism?
Guide to a bully victim's mind?
What ability can we achieve doing YOGA?
What do you think about my 5x5 workout 10pts.?
Really sick, what could it be?
for the past 3 weeks i have a lump on my scrotum with red dot in it.it doesnt pain.is it cancer?
Things to do get ripped?
for the past 3 weeks i have a lump on my scrotum with red dot in it.it doesnt pain.is it cancer?
manny and mike tyson ate oatmeal after running?
Kidney infection won't go away!?
whats the best way to lose weight really quickly?
Old pylodinal cyst, doesn't hurt, but drains and smells bad, how to make it stop?
My sister is 14 yrs old, she screams violently & then faints?
Is my Pokemon addiction unhealthy?
Why does it always feels like something is crawling on me?
Need some info on Brazilian waxing.?
Is a 30\ waist typical for a guy?
Gap from extraction coming back after not wearing retainers! What can I do?
how do i treat bleeding caused by depo shot?
What exercises will make my thighs and stomach toned?
I'm bit perverted.... I want to taste my boyfriendz urine... Any help?
Anyone have gastritis that has got worse?
My scalp itches bad.?
fordyce spot im a teen and me and my gf getting serious?
Been sick since before christmas?
Something I wrote about depression?
Clindamycin gel for acne price in india did anybody know...?
what is chlorophyll diet? does it help in curing skin issues?
Is it bad to workout all muscles in one day?
Help me loss weight!!!?
tampon and period issues? desperate for help :(?
What are power chains (braces) and do they hurt?
when i breathe my left chest hurts?
Can your energy levels affect your skin tone/texture?
anyonehave any tips on how to clear the throat of flem?
Do my small boobs ruin my body shape?
Best way to lose stomach fat?
cant sleep, got spacers today from the dentist?
I'm allergy to most protein source, how to gain muscle?
Squirting How do I know I did it?
how do you know if you have insomia?
Period Questions PLEASE HELP?
What form of self harm is this?
I dreamt i was helping a brother in my church to fix gold teeth in his mouth and the golden teeth were three,?
Cycling or running to lose stomach fat?
How do I get rid of an allergic reaction to hair dye or hair bleach?
Help fading brown spots on skin?
Is this anxiety? Why do i always feel like this?
How to stay awake and alert?
Can I get the lap band surgery with minimal change disease?
getting a bubble of mucus from my throught has happen twice what is causing this?
Tonsillitis. Should I go to urgent care or ride it out?
were nanobots put into the vaccine?
How to make your itch go away?
How do you get an great immune system?
what affects does retrogade ejaculation have on testosterone ?
Having sex for the first time?
somebody has hit me on the bone of my nose and it is so swollen what can i do to reduce the swelling?
(PLEASE HELP)Why am I fat from the back but skinny in the front?
i have a problem of pre ejaculation and my pennis size is too small i reffer some homeopathic medicines so i?
What does testicular cancer look & Feel like?
I'm trying to loose some weight before the summer is this a good or bad idea?
Always feeling bloated?
What can I do to look better?
Sometimes I feel like I am always wrong.?
Symptoms of depression?
How should I be dieting?
I like to do things by myself,but i need some kind of motivation to keep working out,what can i do?
What's wrong with me?
What is the best alcohol to mix with Gatorade?
Unable to focus on anything?
What to do about depression?
Can masturbathing daily be bad?
buying my friend a present but she has allergies?
What are good ways to lose weight in a month?
Are there any websites where you can find someone to talk to?
In my allergy report Histamine reading is given 5 stars?
Girl sleeping with guy in underwear (Actual sleep)?
i had sex 1day after my periods n i usd protection bt my nipples startd to hurt 4 days later wat does it mean?
I got nausea while walking after sex?
i was recently very sick and treated for mrsa staff infection, could that affect my period?
why doesn't my mom take things into account?
if my height is 5'4 and a half in the morning and 5'4 in the afternoon what is my true height?
I'm curious about the Mountain Dew myth?
Depo Shot? Brown discharge/Spotting?
What could be wrong with my scar?
My boyfriend wants me to lose weight. He tells me I would look prettier if I lost 20 pounds. Should I do it?
just got my tonsils removed n i cant stop itching?
can i use ON Creatine Powder (Creapure), Unflavored 0.3 lb?
I've made up a fake boyfriend but know it's starting to bother me what do I do.?
I want to ditch school tomorrow.?
Its about virginity i want to ask and very important?
I feel really down & feel like crying all the time?
what if I think bad about lord rama,lord shiva?
Do I have an abscess or a mouth ulcer?
Help I get panic attacks during exams?
The thing I love to do is something I'm bad at?
Please help me!!??!!?
Why does my chest always randomly turn red? (Pic)?
Why is anger easier to deal with than sadness?
headache that feels like a ring around my head?
pituitary macro adenoma weight gain?
Is it possible to get a thigh gap in 5 weeks?
Why am I suddenly allergic to cosmetics and hair products?
i want to change my sex from male to female suggest me the hospital at bangalore and also the cost of it?
Repairing damaged facial nerves?
Should I wrap a bandage round a damaged wrist?
is my wisdom tooth coming in through where i had a tooth pulled?
How so I move past this hurdle of pushing people away in my life ?
What happens is you cut like the outside flap of my vagina? How can you make it heal?
Please help! 5-8 kgs in one week?
What's the best way to faint?
is it safe to use an inhaler?
does hypnosis work for confidence?
How to get rid of redness and dry skin on the face?
Loosing 100lbs...please help me!?
if i do the salad diet for four days how much weight will i loose?
when will i get my first period? (girls only)?
Why hasn't my period come!?
How many paracetamol does it iake for you to faint or end up in the hospital?
How do you know if you have depressen?
Really irritating itch?
More boy advice please!?
What's going to happen to me?
Do you have to be awake during a LASIK surgery?
im 26 now and got chickenpox,..they are not so many,and too big,its been one week ,and no more apear..?
Weird lump in my ear after piercing?
Lemon juice versus fresh squeezed for acne?
What do you do to cheer yourself up?
can I take Reishi, Ashwagandha, Bacopa, Phosphatidylserine together?
Is fat normal???????
How can I make my penis bigger?
Growing after 18 years of age?
Do I have a tapeworm?
What kind of product should I use to clear red marks on my face from acne?
what will happen when accidentally swallow a small metal ball like a size of 3/4 of a marble?
Can I get braces if I have a small gap between my front teeth?
What would you do if an obese person tries to give you advice on how and what to eat?
Red stretch marks on my body. Help!?
Is it possible to grow taller?
Why did I miss my period?
Why do i always feel like something bad is gonna happen to my family and friends?
upset stumach and diarrea plus cramps?
Why do i always think i have to pee????
Do teenage girls or just girls period care if a guy is uncircumcised?
what are some ways to get rid of stretch marks.?
what are some ways to get rid of stretch marks.?
Is it possible to get rid of stretch marks?
Ladies, What causes a guy to become like a magnet for married women?
Weed And Orthodontist?
treatment of extra growth?
Binge eating problem - how to stop??
The more masturbation the better???
what can i do to control weed withdrawl?
I need boy advice!? Help!?
Extreme painful constipation(on period) please help!? }:?
i think i caught a skin problem off some guy?
why is my nose always stuffy?
what should i do to lose weight ? i have been try so many ways?
am I pregnant.. help..?
Side effects of pill or other serious disease?
Why did my boobs used to get bigger/swollen before I started my period and now they don't anymore?
I have inflammation looking like pimples around my genitals and have used antifungal creams for several months?
Is it possible to obtain this medication, ketamine for animals without a prescription?
i have this white bump on the bottom of my foot can anyone help?
Dark circles around eyes?
I have vaginal smell.?
How much can I lighten my skin?
I have vaginal smell.?
Can too much masturbation cause erections to not be as stiff?
which vape pen should i buy?
I have some healthy popsicles. How can I make them into a, smoothie.?
Extreme painful constipation(on period) please help!? }:?
My BMI say's i'm obese?
I have no clue what to think of this!?
Can an eye doctor tell if you smoked weed 3 days ago?
how do I loose weight?
Braces help! 10 points! Plz help!!!!?
Is masterbation really healthy?
Trying to lose 25lbs?
I m unable to plan and follow my daily schedule?
My ten year old has acne!?!?
general questions about gonorrhea?
How to gain weight in 1 week?
I found a small black bug on my skin that bit me. Should I be worried?
HELP!!! Have I gone through growth spurt?
After 13 days my hip still hurts from sex. Help!!!!?
How do I get a bigger butt?
What can I do to get sleep tonight?
why do I never sleep?
Is suicide a selfish act?
Boyfriend has trouble finishing during s*x?
Why this happened to me?
Putting a toothbrush up my vagina at 13?
How do you know you have ADHD?
Will braces make my front teeth appear smaller? (After they align.)?
odd health symtoms i am having?
What should I do about this bowel issue?
Extremely unhappy with myself/my body?
I created my own world inside my head?
Whats a great overall body workout?
Get rid of milia ? At home?
can anyone answer this?
What is a good workout regime?
what is the best way to get rid of dark spots, from popping shave bumps.? And prevent them.?
What's the best way to relieve tooth pain?
Bloodshot eyes only on 1 eye?
Is it true that Fluoride in drinking water is bad for you?
I'm 13 and I want to try masturbation?
How to get rid of leg pimples?!?
Is it true that Fluoride in drinking water is bad for you?
I have a bump just below and to the side of my ear it started very small about 15 years ago and now its very l?
Small, hard lumps under the skin?
I think I may be addicted to cutting but I want and need to stop, HELP ME before it's too late...?
Help! Pain in my left arm when I smoke.?
What would the right diet plan for weight loss be?
Red itchy bumps on my leg??
Can a psychiatrist prescribe Xanax to a minor?
Could emotional trauma lead to a disorder that makes me anxious around men? Help please?
Im depressed and want to die?
White stuff on foreskin under penis head, can't remove. What is this?
do i have to lose weight??
increase penis size little more?
Why cant I get a full erection any more?
Something has irritated my face and eye?
99.2 fever, virus, but confused? felt better then suddenly sick again?
Swelling around my wisdom tooth?
is it bad for a 13 year old to smoke weed?
should I increase my height or decrease my weight????
should I increase my height or decrease my weight????
Till How many years height will grow!?
I MASTURBATING A LOT FROM LAST 16 YEARS NOW I FEEL A MANY PROBLEMS..?
How do I get rid of a large red ingrown hair that is on my armpit?
Why do I have a high pulse rate and is it dangerous ?
PLEASE HELP.. Headaches almost everyday?
Hi, yahoo users need help i am dipressed?
I masturbate about 10 ish times a day?!?!?
Women who are bodybuilders?
Hi guys.. My skin is in a very bad condition. I have pimples and blackheads..suggest me something to get clean?
Just put my first tampon in?
What can I mix my Protein Powder with other than water.?
How long should I do cardio before it starts to burn muscle?
I drank from a straw and lightly spit a few times after wisdom teeth removal, what do I do?
Do you think therapy will help me?
How long should I do cardio before it starts to burn muscle?
Coronary Artery Disease?
Please help me? VERY SCARED?
My heart is racing after binge drinking.?
How to sell if someone's ribs are broken?
My shoe size have always been the same ever since grade 8?
Does showering too much permanently dry your skin?
i have bacne and i need help.?
How tall am I going to be?
Can hypnosis help in getting rid of fear?
there is a spot near the left side of my lower spine?
It's It Normal to Think About Sex While Sleeping?
Is egg or spinach better for muscle building and weight loss?
I want to kill myself but I can't do it?
how many calories should a 14 year old girl eat a day?
How do you hold a pencil correctly?
Why do I feel like I'm gonna throw up after I eat a bite of food?
Why do I feel like I'm gonna throw up after I eat a bite of food?
Can I use afrin nose spray with Alka-Seltzer?
Penis Size for 15 years old?
Does my stomach look flabby to you?
How do i stop my face from being red?
Need help treating nausea?
Can putting ice on your vein hurt you?
Very dark brown discharge?
A question about birth control?
Need help with skin care.?
Please help!!! Weird rash?
How to commit suicide without pain?
if i run 3 miles and walk 2 miles, will i lose weight?
Could I have an STD/STI? If so, which one?
my 16 male my hand plates are still open but i have growth hormon defeciency can u help me with that?
can you OD on tylenol?
That time of the month for this long??!?!?
what's the best way to lose at least five pounds?
What protein shake or food I should buy to gain weight/muscle abundantly?
can someone catch syphilis by smoking?
a guy offered me a vape pen?
I was doing the dirty and hurt?????
Almost two years ago I broke my arm playing and I havent been able to do a full push up since. Any advice?
How to get started on controlling my food ?
Living with anxiety? how bad have others experienced it and what helped?
Could this be ms? I'm really scared! Please help!?
What does it feel like to be depressed? OCD? Anxiety? PTSD?
I'm scared to go to the gynecologist?
Can I buy color contacts that help my vision?
Serious question about people with obesity issues...?
What do the doctors at MEPs do during physical?
How to reduce belly fat?
experience with herpes and partners?
What does 17.5% body fat mean in a woman?
EMERGENCY ROOM????????
Having oats will it cause gaining weight?
19 years old male and high heart rate?
Why doesn't porn get me off anymore?
Do I have meningitis?
I am at the age of 19 and height of 5ft 3 inches. please suggest some medical assistance to grow taller?
Chances of outgrowing a peanut allergy when you become an adult?
Ladies, I've Got a Menstrual Question?
I think there's something wrong with me. Can someone answer my questions?
what is an the \healthy\ weight for my size?
I hate my boobs )): ?
How and where do I educate myself in fitness/health?
Health issues I guess?
diet to increase height?
19 years old male and high heart rate?
what do i do to kill a stinkbug at night without waking up my family when i have a fear of bugs?
Relatively smart but unhappy?
I feel like I have no place on Earth?
Do I have OCD or am I just weird?
I'm sleepy in during the evening but wide awake when I go to bed? (10 points)?
How long do anxiety physical symptoms last for?! Please answer; am in need of a answer desperately :(!?
Can i stretch my retainer?
How do I figure out if I have a cavity?
how do I fix my vagina ?
Can I be flunked or unable to transfer because of my absences?
Panic attacks/ anxiety-- please help?
Do I have an UTI infection?
Sharp pain near bellybutton?
Why do i push people away?
Is my erect size big for my age?
How long does it take to lose belly fat?
After doing Angiogram also is EPSRFA test necessary?
how to get the stomach flu?
What are your experiences and reviews on prescription Adderall?
How do I tell my mum that I have depression?
My contacts dried out?
Smoked weed for the first time; Throat and nose were burning?
Sharp pain near bellybutton?
Ever get an itchy sensation on your tonsil?
How do I stop using eye drops? PLEASE HELP!?
Do pure raspberry ketone and green coffee bean pills really work?
How do you contract staph infection just from a bruise?
Recurring Thrush that won't go away?
Is it time to change my underwear?
I eat.. a lot, is this bad?
why do i feel gross on the inside?
Should I take Diet pills?!!!?
How can I help a depressed friend?
I need my middle splits down fast!?
i need to pull out my tooth?
Depression or what? please help.?
help!!!! Should I be worried?
can u over does on xanax?
Is it normal for a man with erectile dysfunction to be hard during oral?
Can anyone help me figure out how to lose weight fast?
Is this excessive worrying or normal? Please help?
I napped in contacts, now my eyes hurt?
Is Stomach pain a symptom of a Brain tumour?
What are 10 natural chemicals found in tobacco?
When is it too late to get a root canal?
I started my period awhile ago... How do i tell my mom?
Maintain weight plan?
body unproportioned... puberty question?
How to stay motivated to work out every day?
Why do i always feel dizzy?
My blood pressure was 170/83 I'm only 21 is it dangerous?
Need help losing some weight...?
Do i have an eating disorder?
Difference between a Blood Clot and a Mucsle Cramp?
I had ankle surgery 7 and a half weeks ago twisted the same ankle help??
what is a mass gainer?
Worms in urine? HELP?
Affordable Phycitrist NYC?
I've been Having crying spells randomly?
I just had sex with my boyfriend about 2 hours ago and then showered now my vagina burns.?
Hurry! Braces what type ?
My doctor told me that I cannot get rid of scars from Chemical Peel. You have undergo laser treatment.?
Best exercises to get rid of man boobs be specific plz?
Does Musturbation reduces our Health/Body? Plz Help.?
what can my mom rub on her knee for swelling because of arthritis?
how can I gain weight/muscle?
How many times a day do guys get erections?
my testes is swollen?
Can you swim after Wisdom teeth removal?
Sample reviewer test?
Why does my stomach always hurt?
WOMEN PLEASE READ. NEED HELP.VAGINAL DISCHARGE?
Is it possible to lose this much weight?
I feel like a failure?
Will m boobs shrink if i lose weight?
Can I kiss my boyfriend when my fever blister it's gone?
Why do I smell bad all the time?
I need to quit smoking, but I keep trying so hard and nothing works, help!!?
can i swim with my vagina?
I think I have a fever blister and I don't know how I got it?
dandruff please help?
I need help badly...!!?
Puberty Question? Help please?
how do I lose a good deal of weight between now and August?
Upper body Home workout plan for male?
How can I get rid of redness from a pimple?
What is wrong with my shoulder?
Why Am not I swetting after began weightlifting ?
Swollen gum behind last molar?
WHAT IS THIS? HELP PLEASE! URINARY TRACT INFECTION?
Braces: Elastics on early?
Which short term loans will charge me least for a loan with them?
500 calorie diet tips and help?
Period question?!?!?!?
does hsv1 go away and question #2 is it ok to kiss when you have hsv1?
How do i feel satisfied, good & stop masturbation? Plz some muslim brother / any friend read below?
How many visits are required for oral surgery on TMD?
I don't want to ever go to school again?
scared abd worried please help?
Do I have panic attacks?
Is it safe to take 2 aleve each night before bed?
How to make time to work out with school?
frustrated and needing help?
I stoped loosing weight?!? I don't know why?
Can i lift water gallons to gain muscle?
Vaginal infection?!?! Help please.?
Child abuse effects on someone?
Are there any Herpes dating sites out there?
anxiety problems... help please?
What are good ways to exercise while studying?
Why is it that so many men leave public restroom toilets gross and unflushed for the next user?
I'm so skinny??? how can I gain weight?
when doing sit-up and your arms began hurting does that mean you're working-exercising on your arms too?
How can I lost weight fast?
scared and worried please help?
Will this get rid of my diarrhea?
how do i lose weight if im over 200 pounds & im 14?
can heart murmurs come back after 9 years.?
My second piercing is getting infected and I'm really worried?
How can lose weight and keep it off?
Why is it unhealthy to lose more than 3 pounds a week?
Why do I still have \Imaginary Audience\ at age 21?
Xanax vs anti-depressants for my social anxiety?
How can I lose weight fast?
I feel like I'm going to throw up. Am I sick?
My toes on both feet are hurting so are my fingers and even my elbow if I put pressure on it??
is it weird that I havent grown since 6th grade?
I keep getting hemroids from working out?
do antibiotics make u gain weight?
Could this be a blood clot or sore muscle?
Doesn't this seem like a weight gain diet?
Need to gain little weight?
Size six is the new plus size?!?
short pains on the side of my breast?
I got a cold sore bruise?
First time using a tampon. Help!?
I tried to pee but only dust came out! Help?!?
Should I talk to my ex girlfriend about this(serious)?
what is hsv1 and hsv2?
can you help with depression?
This is pretty stupid thought I have I just dont get it?
Atheists, how do I help my cousin to think for herself?
I think my gf has an eating disorder?
How to grow taller???
Is it normal to miss my period?
I have red bumps around my penis?
Did I have a panic attack?
Did I just cure my anxiety?
Trying to diet, tips?
Why does my manhood area smell all the time, even after shower?
Is concentric or eccentric contractions more important to gain muscle definition?
White discharge from one nipple when it gets hard?
The outer corner of my eye hurts!?
How to let someone know thier breath smells without being rude?
What is wrong with me?
My son has long Q T Syndrome...?
Bad kidney infection (pyelonephritis) over 2 weeks!?
Explanation for random vertigo?
Should I get circumcised?
My mom says I'm fat. Help?
If a penis touches you?
Slipped and landed on my tailbone?
Will it have any effect on my height? ?
Help! How much do braces cost?
Help! How much do braces cost?
Can stress/first having sex cause a period to be late?
I think I have Tibilias Anterior Tendonitis what should I do?
How many inches can my arms gain inches in 6 months.?
why do i cry over stupid things?
How to gain 20 pounds?
How do I know if I was Raped?
I have always wondered this?
Will I wake up from anesthesia?
Why would a meth user run water for around 8 hours?
Am i short to my age?
Is coughing so hard that you throw up normal?
How do i flush my system, for a nicotine test?
My teeth are shifting after braces?
What are some good ways to lose weight in a week?
Does ayurveda have any medicine to cure chronic hepatitis B or atleast lower the viral load drastically ?
I gave my boyfriend head and now i feel sick?
Is it possible to get a concussion from getting hit in the center of the back of the head?
what does it mean when you have mild headaches with vomiting and soreness?
Why am I not motvaited in school?
Tips on sleeping and staying asleep?
I'm allergic to ragweeds and pollen pretty much the outdoors?
Does homeopathy have any medicine to cure chronic hepatitis B or atleast lower the viral load drastically ?
Why do I feel shorter than I am?
I will be going to Florida soon and my menstrual cycle is not very stable. Read description please!?
how many calories should i be eating each day?
Marijuana delaying my sense of touch?
How do I put a HIV positive in jail after being assaulted by them and not getting hiv.?
How well does the prescription Levitra work?
How to cure a Urinary Tract Infection at home?
workout suplements/recovery formula/whatever else!?
Questions about weight training?
Fear poll: Are more afraid of clowns, heights. shots or needles?
How long does it take to grow a beard?
Do fillings hurt???????????
Can school cause depression or sadness?
Does my boyfriend have genital herpes now?
When will GymPact pay me? Help?
How does a female orgasm feel like?
period problem?? please help????!?
Why can't my dad keep ANYTHING down? Food or water. Its been almost a week.?
Why I clean my teeth every morning and night but it's still yellow?
Does anyone know what's wrong with me?
Will I loose weight?? please help!!?
can someone tell me if these symptoms sound familiar?
Root canal or getting my tooth pulled?
Is Dental Assistant a good job?
Am I at a good weight?
Can PTA's become certified in Dry Needling EMG?
Is this an STI? Pic Included?
Is this an STI? Pic Included?
Please help quickly ?!?
Bleeding before period and after sex?
weird lump by my vagina?
Did my cherry pop?!?! HELP ME?
Should I stop taking Phenergan?
How to stay away from junk food and get fit!!!?
my tampon is stuck! how do i get it out?! has no string!?
With alcoholism being a recognized disease am I right that the alcoholic does not choose alcoholism?
my nine year old son has a white blood count of 27000 and no fever what is wrong?
Why does the side of my foot hurt extremely bad?
my tampon is stuck! how do i get it out?! has no string!?
How long does a jammed finger hurt?
Survey: Do you think medicine helps people or do you see at as a crutch?
Having your first period?
Gluten Free and Cross Contamination?
Can I grow at 18 almost 19?
My retainers are annoying?
Can I get the permanent retainer taken off?
how fast does pubis hair grow back?
Why do I get so dizzy?
Are adult children of an alcoholic much more likely to feel nervous and upset when not in control?
What is a yeast infection?
Does the numbing gel work when you have a numbing shot for a filling?
is this normal/healthy?
When someone goes sober after having alcoholism do they always have the alcoholism disease?
muscle gaining help?
Is this a blood clot? Worried?
Beating obsessive thoughts?
How does alcoholism effect a person's personality?
Are these good numbers for a 15 year old(bench Deadlift Squat) and size?
I dont know if I should get the birth control shot or pill. Any suggestions?
Had lateral release on knee 2 months ago, started popping again, does that mean it wont take?
What is wrong with me?
Wondering what this is on my lip? Pic included?
can you die from pain?
How to fix a ruined Sleep schedule?
Wondering what this is on my lip? Pic Included?
What is the number one cause of most cancers?
Too Skinny nothing helps?
just found some very small bugs in garlic...and i think i accidentally ate some...will i live?
Wondering what this is on my lip? (pic included?
Pain 4months after appendix surgery?
Which workout program is best for building muscle?
Not being able to sleep a full nights sleep these past 3 days.?
aniexty does increase blood pressure?
How long does it take for your period to go back to normal after taking plain B?
My orthodontist pulled my two front teeth together but now...?
How to increase testosterone levels naturally? 10 points?
Going to college in the fall and having bad anxiety?
Going to college in the fall and having bad anxiety?
How do I make my legs longer naturally at 14 ?
Does Birth Control still protect you if it isn't strong enough to control your period?
I finished playing a lot of video games and now my head hurts?
Do I have rabies? Plz help....?
Am I colorblind? How do I know?
Do I need a root canal?
What is wrong with me? (I am sick)?
Do I have insomnia? - 2 hours sleep in 2 days?
What are the causes of melanoma cancers?
I HAVE A PROBLEM WITH MY EYES ? Help ?
What's an easy way to keep myself from wanting to eat so much?
Do I need a Root Canal if my tooth has absolutely no pain?
my girlfriend is type 1 diabetes and i need to know healthy things to feed her?
Period help? (Girls)?
Was I sexually abused when I was younger?
mom wont buy me a scale?
I am 220 pounds and am trying to get to 140 fast?
Am I an acceptable weight? 5'9 female and 130 lbs?
Bleeding after taking Plan B... help?
What to do about a blister?
Does antibiotics make a cold/flu worse?
How long do anxiety physical symptoms last for?! Please answer; am in need of a answer desperately :(!?
I'm 19yrs old.. I have lots of pimples & blackheads, please help me from this!?
does methadone show up on a drug test?
Scared to death I have Colon Cancer?
MY MOM JUST FELL, SHE HAS MULTIPLE SCLEROSIS?
How do you know when your due for a growth spurt as a girl?
How many calories did I burn at work?
I have really loud hiccups daily!!?
Pain just above right hip?
What kind of sickness do I have?
How can I see a therapist without my parents finding out?
What happens (what is released from the body) when one passes gas (farts)?
Is marijuana or alcohol more addictive to people with addiction problems?
I want to commit suicide?
Sometimes I feel like I'm not good enough...?
Should I go to the E.R? I think I might have a tear in my esophagus?
How long will it take for my gum to heal?
How to I pretend like everything is ok?
Why is just above my right hip hurting most of the time?
I had sex and fingerd yesterday. we used lotion as lub and my vagina feels wired. what's wrong with me?
Can I spread Herpes 1 around my own mouth?
Can a ct scan see a brain LESION?
Is bad eyesight genetic or caused by staring at something to long?
are there any pills that help with your liver or kidneys? 10 points?
Is this my menses? TMI (weird things going on) TMI warning!!!! but need help?
terrible skin in my 30s- super super super sensitive skin and acne. What can I do?
Is it dangerous to go scuba diving in the Passaic River in New Jersey Since it's so polluted?
How to date someone with psychosis?
Has anyone else watched someone die from hepatitis C? Whether a parent or a friend? What are your feelings?
My hip popped, and now hurts really bad?
why is my nose piercing constantly red??
Weird sensations all over my body?
terrible skin in my 30s- super super super sensitive skin and acne. What can I do?
Why do I keep making myself think im gay?
Weird sensations all over my body?
i went to the doctor she said it was a cyst but im worried?
Good way to Gain weight and muscle ?
Suddenly getting thinner?
What's going on...? TMI?
How to ask for help if i feel suicidal?
i cant see long distances any solutions?
What's wrong with my friend. Symptom's?
I burned myself help!!?
Mixing Advil & Mucinex?
i think im getting ringworm?
Question about Sex Drive & Copper IUD help, please!?
What is the extra fat in food?
Temporary loss of vision in the corner of my eye, what is it?
OCD is tormenting me!!!?
I take medication for anxiety disorders, if I used marijuana could I have a fatal reaction?
I hate my period an I can't cope with it?
is it normal to have bumps in your vagina?
How do u feel when you are holding in your poop?
Is it true that drinking liquid fish oil can make you sick?
Haven't pooped after surgery, help?!?
I get constant headaches? any remedy?
White spec in throat that I can feel when I swallow? Picture included please help?
Can a doctor diagnose an abscessed tooth?
I'm 14 and still haven't gotten my period. Is this normal?
Did he have an erection?
How can i get rid of a ingrown toenail that is infected?
do you have to have an RN associate degree before you can get into BSN school?
I am 14.5 and 5'11.5. Can I still grow a couple inches taller?
i weigh more the i look?
White spec in throat, feel it when I swallow? Picture included please help?
weird menstrual cycle, whats wrong? anyone have the same issue? could I be?
Stopped smoking weed for a week, how to stop night cravings?
Grinding while on period?!? Help!?
Do you think I am chubby? And can I lose weigh of my new diet plan??!?
Teeth still a little crooked with braces on for a while?
Is it normal for your period to last for only 3 days? I am worried. Please answer!?
How much weight should I lift for bench press?
Can I ask my doctor to test for Endometriosis at a routine exam?
CAN YOU MEMORY/ REMEMBER DATES? (10 POINT!!!)?
Weird vision In left eye?
What causes a panic attacks?
HELP bleeding after first time having sex? And I pregnant?
implantation? or what could it be?
Which clean and clear product works the best for pimples?
I think I have lisp. My tongue sticks out when I say a s sound but it sounds fine. I am very confused becaus?
Should I go on birth control?
Early heavy period, then next one late?
I LOST my retainer today. I'm not getting a new one for 3 weeks? Will my teeth shift?
Is ZzzQuil ok for 11 year olds?
im kind of scared of myself. gambling addiction?
Can marijuana cause a fatal reaction?
What to eat before gym class?
My right boob has been hurting all day?
Raspberry Ketone opinion?
What happens if one's partial dentures are never cleaned nor removed from the mouth?
why isn't this working?
WHats the best way to gain weight?
is it possible being a hypochondriac and having anxiety can trick your body into thinking you have cancer?
Do I have depression/social anxiety?
what do i do about chocolate cravings?
Anybody got any home remedies for sore throats?
Can cigarettes make your tonsils / throat bleed?
14 year old girl anorexic PLEASE HELP WILL GIVE MAX POINTS FOR ANSWER!?
5'4 32 inch around waist by belly?
how much rejection have u had because of genital herpes?
Why do i weigh more than i look?
Xanax vs anti-depressants for my social anxiety?
i have to wake up in 5 HOURS for an exam, i have just finished revising, OW CAN I WAKE UP IN THE MORNING?!?
what are the 5 sensations you feel with your skin?
do i have another infection?
how long does implantation last? or why do I continue to bleed?
could i have lost my tampon?
How to dispose of my pads?
i need opinions of people who somewhat know what they are talking about!?
how can i get a tonned belly? my prom is in a few months and would like to look kinda good, PLEASE HELP ME!?
How tall will I be when I'm done growing?
Can't pee in public bathrooms (paruresis, social anxiety)?
More water filled life?
how difficult is it to be accepted by a potential partner when you have herpes as a woman?
Emotionally withdrawn from pregnancy. Help?
Why does my back hurt so badly?
Lose 40 pounds in 4 months?
Hole in my tooth ! please help?
How can I stop being addicted to the internet?
How does person who weighs less than me look bigger?
is cephalexin good for gum infection?
me and my boyfriend didnt really have sex he just put the tip in and tried to penetrate but it bleed and after?
Problem with my eyes?
I've been getting pain in my right lung and shoulder when I breathe in...?
Does marijuana cause headaches?
What is the best non-slip work shoes for people with hardly no arch?
Question regarding Threadworms?
Did i workout too fast? Biceps?
Workout Protein Drinks (Whey)?
Drop in heart rate is this normal ?
Why do women spread their legs during sex?
Increase my waist size without getting fat?
Unexpected weight loss?
can someone who is not a cancer survivor..?
I'm female: will men's multivitamins affect me?
Help? I might have something?
what is the pornstars name ?
Multiple nose bleeds in a day.?
Can I join the Marines if I am diagnosed with depression and anxiety and have self harm scars?
Why does my throat hurts after sticking a toothbrush down it?
Is 68kgs (150pounds) too big for a 15 year old girl?
What should I tell my mom first?
How many tattoos is it safe to have healing at the same time?
ok so im doing p90x and taking protein after wards I went from 220 to 250 WTH?
what all does a pain management doctor do on your first visit?
what does\ reactive Anti Hbc, reactive anti HBc Total,reactive Anti HAv, IgG mean?
I have had my period for 1 month NEED TO STOP IT! please help!?
my hands and toes are always red?
Skipped my period for two months but not pregnant?
Is it normal to have achy legs during & after a cold ?
Would I lack my necessary calcium if I have 20-40% of the Daily Value everyday?
help with persistent clogged ear, on and off!?
can I use real does weight loss formula no 1 if I'm under 18?
If i'm eating 500 calories a day do I need to exercise in order to loose weight?
Catching Chlamydia and not sure how ?
is masturbation normal. and how do I get out of the habit of doing it?
How can I get my parents to agree to homeschooling?
Can I just get invisaligns?
How can I avoid fluoride?
Weird skin on right breast?
What are the effects of going a week without sleeping?
Is it true that halides such as fluoride and bromide cause cancer?
Why can't I lose weight on my face?
I am thinking about suicide?
are men stronger because their muscles contain more myostatin?
Will i probably be okay?
What's wrong with my stomach.?
Omega-3 intake and prostate cancer risk.?
Why do I wake up multiple times during the night, every single night?
could you get aids, herpes, hiv, gonnorhea, and the clap at the same time ?
scared of needles and don't know what to do?
I got a paper but am i going to die?
12 inches makes a foot. What makes an inch?
why do i have so much pain in my right breast ?
Heavy and Painful first period?
How to be more confident!!! PLEASE HELP?
Can a male grow taller after 20years?
excruciating pain! plz read!?
Am I at risk of skin cancer?
should i up my calorie intake ? please read below?
HELP! My girlfriend is very depressed and possibly suicidal!!?
Extreme Pain in right testicle?
My weight is just going away?!?
Does anyone have additional weight loss tips?
How deep do I cut to kill myself?
Whitening tooth paste and braces?
The Year Of Action Against Circumcision?
can this cause this problem?
I hate my teeth, how can I fix them?
is this an std? or what else could it be?
Does back pain cause chest pain?
Left Eye Twitch Solution?
Im 14 and have been masturbating 1 time per day. should I stop?
Could this be a ear infection?
HELP I HEAR THIBGS BEFORE I GO TO SLEEP??? TERRIFIED! !!!?
Allergy to rubbing alcohol, am I allergic to alcohol then?
I think I was sexually abused? HELP?
workout plan for 15 year old?
Help me please! what is this?
Addicted to porn. Help?
First time having sex ! Please help!! Read description?????
How to get rid of this feeling and what's wrong?
Family, drugs and help?
Does room temperature affect calorie burning?
is this possible 10 pts for this?
HOW DO I STOP PANIC ATTACKS?
how long will it take for me to get some decent abs?
bathroom trouble please help urgent!!!?
Valium Overdose? Please Help!?
Should I see a doctor or something?
Worried about breast cancer please help!?
How can I make my eyelashes grow back faster?
what are these weird 'craters' on the heel of my left foot? how do i rid myself of them?
The muscles on my quads/legs?
How to get bigger thighs and butt?
Do I have strep throat?
I just got my molar removes and its growing in sideways!?
How could I lose 15 lbs in a month?
Why did I stop growing at 11?
please help in a lot of pain what is wrong with me???
my belly keeps making nosies?
How to get a flat stomach?
Am I done growing? im still a young teen?
Urine smells like rotten food?
how to get rid of my acne? HELP!?
Can a UTI cause blisters, herpes test negative?
Biting with your front teeth with braces?
change dentist or keep this one?
slimming, tone (main focus Legs, stomach)?
Why do my feet turn purple?
Can a 15 year old get breast cancer?
First / most embarrassing period story?
Glucagon and Insulin?
How do I stop pooping so much?
hi is this dangerouse n how can i do it differently?
Help What's happening to me?
Why does my throat hurt?
Ab Toning Belts - Do they work?
What is Bodybuilding?
Do you have Asthma? Put your name her if you do. Please tell about severity & frequency of your attacks.?
Ab Toning Belts - Do they work?
Stomach pains like a stich?
shoes best for sciatica?
Im always having stomach problems?
If i loose weight will my face be thinner?
Wich type of iron supplement are indicated for weak stomachs ?
i have 2 contacts in my contacts list that is a bunch of letters and numbers, when i try to delete them it say?
How long before hair starts growing after waxing?
Wich type of iron supplement are indicated for weak stomachs ?
Is there something like selective seeing? Or something?
Is it okay for a 16 year old girl to go to the gym?
What is a major challenge facing health care industry?
Why am i not motivated to do work in school anymore?
Bump underleft paartnof lower lip?
Why does my eye twitch?
(Please girls answer this only) my vagina feels like its burning?
How much water should I drink a day?
I grew an inch in 20 days?
Teeth still a little crooked with braces on for a while?
How can I tone my butt and inner thighs?
Am I or am I not a virgin?
Tampon probs please answer!?!?
Home remedy for ligament damage in knee?
Been worried about a brain tumour?
Nausea after eating for past 2 weeks?
instead of getting an injection to make my mouth numb, can i ask to be unconscious?
Chest infection admitted to hospital?
Help extreamly worried about breast cancer!?
what color of braces should i get?
How to burn fat if Im getting tired from work?
Is a 5 inch penis big?
How long does it take too see your abs coming when doing P90X ab ripper?
why does my chest hurt?
I need to get sick so I don't go to school tommarow?
wisdom teeth out early this morning, question ? (:?
Why is my period lasting so long?
How long will it take ? (Picture included)?
Tampon Problems please help me?!?
My dad just had a random severe back pain, whats wrong?
My boyfriend is super tired, he is 26?
Gawd!! I am so scared Im close to dying!!?
What time should I go to bed when working the night shift?
How to get a bigger penis for a 15 year old (without pills)?
so soar help please help private issue !?
(With a picture) Could someone tell me what are those tiny white dots on my face?
How to cope with depression naturally without medication?
How to gain weight as a fast burner (Ectomorph)?
I'M 5'3 AND IM 16 WILL I GROW ANY TALLER?!!?
I was sick since July last year from Muscle Milk and I am afraid I got Mad Cow?
I truly regret cutting myself?
I think I have common cold?
what are these little black worms in my poop? Are they dangerous and how can I get rid of them?
Are allergies genetic? How do I know if I'm allergic to bees?
Can i take Apple Cider Vinegar and Hydroycut together?
When I put my right eye contact in this morning, my eye got all red and really hurt?
Can I wear daily contacts more than once?
I have blood in urine?
germs, health, hand washing question?
Constant nausea, sensitive to smells, and headaches but not pregnant?
I have an unknown knee pain?
What is recovery time from poly removal in the bladder?
Could this be from amoxicillin? If so should I stop taking it?
Severe testicle pain help!!!?
Complications in surgery? Please answer?
How can I keep dieting and working out when I want to quit?
is purging after a meal classed as an Eating Disorder?
Does it feel the same to be taken from behind for a man and a woman?
Horrible stage fright? How can I get over it?
I JUST got braces like 5hrs ago and family is going out to eat? What can I eat!?
Boyfriend is going to touch me down there.?
Cause of lower back pain?
what do i do if i have a sore throat and garggeling salt water doesnt help?
What weight loss pill do you recommend?
How much caffiene is too much?
touching someone's blood HELP?
My eyes go blurry and out of focus when reading?
Do I have a sleeping disorder? Or is it just depression?
Why is my voice so low and inaudible?
I'm insecure about my weight do I need to loose weight? (Pic included)?
How to stop my period in a natural way for tomorrow?
I think I'm going blind? What do I do?
How do people die from bulimia? Read description, please!?
sharp chest pain in my chest?
Im only 13 and i get very bad knee pain in my right leg why dose it do this?
I have this imaginary boyfriend in my mind...?
Your opinion on drugs?
Are some calories harder to burn than others?
how to gain weight and muscle?
Frequent nausea after eating?
Should I be worried or not?
Jogging in the morning and night?
I am really embarrassed about my period....?
How to get rid of Eye strain?
What is the best treatment for a yeast infection?
could you hit menopause in between the ages of 20-30?
Why do I always feel the constant need to feel loved?
uncomfortable in the inside of eardrums?
What should I do to calm myself if i know my dad could die any second?
Has anyone ever gotten their braces off early?
So might be pregnant but could be something else?
Really bad headrushes?
Looking for a disease that travels through the intestines?
I think she might have an eating disorder?
putting too much pressure on eye and Bell's palsy?
is it okay to sleep with fake ear stretcher in?
How bad is one ciggerate a day?
I have overly obsessive discharge to the point where i go through my pants, what do i do?
do I have throat cancer at 16?
Can I wear a tampon when I am not on my period?
How tall should a 15 year old girl be...?
What should I do with my tooth that hurts?
What pads & liners are good for Tweens? :-/?
Easiest way to lose weight?
How to get rid of cold, stuffy noise and upset stomach with out medication?
how to get pecs, im 15?
How to not eat for a day?
How do u get rid of a small boil overnight ?
i want to die right now?
What is my eye color? Amber or Hazel? (picture included)?
Can someone help me read my Holter Monitor Results?
What should I do about Insomnia?
what can I eat when I am feeling sick?
How much might an ER visit for infected tooth cost me?
I have confidence issues?
Why are my fingernails so weak!?
Could I have alcohol poisoning?
My dad randomly got a bad back pain and we think he has cancer, HELP!?
Reckon I'm nocturnal please help?
How to get a big butt and flat stomach?
Continuously missing periods on Minastrin 24 Fe?
Will anything in this make me fat?
Is this normal with plan B ?
Could I have alcohol poisoning?
Can you get prescription contacts that don't alter vision?
Is tiredness a side effect of grief?
What injury did paul walker get while filming fast and furious?
Don't see where life is going?
are you forced to go to CAHMS?
Is greentea good for your body?
Is this just my period?
will alcohol kill a yeast infection?
If I do 50 pushups every day for 1 year...?
periodontists or gingivitis?
With even a prescription for marijuana is the cost high?
do periods stink that much????
did i eat okay today and yesterday in addition to my diet?
Why do people think its bad for an obese person to fast?
for two days now I have had green feces. what does this mean?
What can I do to prevent getting discharge during dance class?
getting a toned stomach?
How to stop wetting the bed?
My acne is ruining how I live my life?
Why do i look so fat?
Will diazepam take the anxiety edge off n possible painful cramps during my uterine biopsy ?
How to get back to a normal sleeping pattern?
What is this anus lump?
If I cycle for an hour and a half everyday how much weight will I loose in 2 weeks?
How do i get rid of this?
Can I do something like diet drops without the drops and still lose weight?
16 year old, depression and CAHMS?
Why is there blood when I wipe?
What must I do, mg time is limited?
Please help me fitness men?
I got a phonecall home for having an erection in class or being late?
Question about first periods!!!?!?!?
Teenage girls only please?
How to keep from getting grossed out/sick?
Slitting wrists....people with experence personally?
I haven't smoked in 70 days was exposed to second hand 30 days ago?
Does having Increase Blood sugar cause itching?
What can I use to relieve the pain of mouth ulcers?
I haven't smoked in 70 days was exposed to second hand 30 days ago?
What can cause irritation or burning around the head of a penis?
when i start sex, its only take 10 second to release..please help??
How long will it take me to lose 3 stone?
Is it my tooth or my jaw?
Which health and fitness watch?
how many calories should i eat per day?
Can I get buff with my genes?
what are good things to eat for energy while doing track and gain muscle?
how can I be more open about my diabetes?
my head hurts, need advice?
Is this being depressed?
losing weight question?
how to improve cardio/endurance?
Recovering from an operation?
I took the test booster pink magic one time, how will it effect me?
How long should it take to lose a little less than 2 stones?
What should be my calorie intake be?
ordering prescription reading glasses?
BF blaming me for possible STI...What would you do.?
Is it wierd that I am almost 16 and love health and fitness?
Need Help With My Daily Meals?
What's wrong with me?
If Diagnosed With A Mental Disorder (e.g. Bipolar) As A Juvenile, Will It Affect You Job-Wise As An Adult?
What to do about public hair?
Is the way that I feel about myself bad or not?
Is punching walls bad for my health?
4dpo cramping implantation? ?
How to resist eating more than 200 calories a day?
How to loose tummy fat quickly?
What are your best health tips?
I want to get rid of an ingrown hair boil. How do I do it?
How to get in touch with professional fitness trainers online ?
Do my sugar levels indicate diabetes?
Is trazodone hcl 100mg (phn) a narcotic? Also I wanted to know if it's addictive?
Can I clean my ear piercing with kleenex?
I need some advice for exercise's?
I am a rude and sad person?
How can I increase my stamina during sex? How can I last longer?
I think I got my first period?!?
What do I need to do to get rid of pimples on my forehead?
ive been sick with a really bad headache and stomach pain and ive been only able to eat cheeries ...?
Difficulty breathing in my dream?
How to lose 150 pounds ?
How come I can't sleep?
How much weight will i lose?!?
Is it worth hiring a professional trainer to acheive your fitness goals ?
How long will this weed stay in my system?
My penis is small after swimming and I feel self conscious when changing. How can I change that?
What to look for a professional fitness trainer ?
I felt a thrill in my artery in the neck?
Bleeding a week after first time having sex?
Should I have metformine?I have prediabetes because of a side effect of prednisone.?
Does someone's vision affect how often someone blinks?
How to treat a stomach Bug?
how can i lose weight?
I keep biting my gum?
Looking for professional weight training programs?
How to get over a cold fast?
I am seeking professional advice for bodybuilding?
someone know if botulinum toxin injection can help me with the nerve palsy in my eye?
why have i not started my period could it be pregnancy or something else??
If I was to exercise 4 times a week in the morning, burning 900 calories on an exercise bike,?
A mother sprints across the yard to grab her small child before he enters the street. The mother is using her?
Is this a healthy diet?
Is trazodone hcl 100mg (phn) a narcotic? Also I wanted to know if it's addictive?
I CANT SLEEP HELP! WHAT TO DO?
Im scared I have cancer and im 14?
Not sure what's going on?
Hydrocordone UA question. Need help ASAP?
will i grow taller, and when?
Do I have dry socket? Are these things normal after wisdom tooth extraction? Please help!?
Do you think that Dr Phil is a sociopath ?
I am 5'8 and 150 pounds and my penis size is 6 1/2 inch is that good or bad?
How to rid of a single pimple fast.?
What's a good work out to loose weight?
How to tell my Parent I have a problem?
What's a good work out to loose weight?
I want to lose weight before my birthday?
Brown discharge and nasty smell down there?
I weig 9st 6 pounds 5ft4 going on holiday in 4 months any help?
The Venus Factor Free Download Pdf?
How to get rid of body acne 10 pts?
Iron Test Results Confusing?
Does my Dad have a migraine? And if he does, how can I help him?
Am i at risk of aquirinf an STD or HIV? Im desperate please help?
Why is my poop yellow?
vaseline on dry gums?
How long will it take to get abs?
Masturbating Caused My Testicles To Begin To Sag?
should i go to the doc?
How can I stop eating when I'm depressed?
Trying to lose weight help 10 pts?
Uncontrollable itch in vaginal area?
Had a pain in my abdoman, like period cramps with no period for a few days?
Late period, I'm worried please help!?
Is it possible to mastubate to hard?
what causes abnormally long periods?
Dental dilemma, need ideas.?
Okay well the hospital figured out I have a fractured spine but under my left boob hurts too?
How to: Calming down with confidence for midterms?
Middle back pain stretches?
My dog randomly started dripping blood from his private area?
Eating oatmeal before running?
Whats better LSD, DMT or Magic Mushrooms?
can an overdose of laxatives kill you?
what should i do to lose my belly fat?
I cut myself and keep the blood?
Is it bad to hold in your urine for 8 hours?
Is this a healthy height/weight?
What are the chances in a false positive for hepatitis b?
What is causing my sudden dizzy spells, like Im off balance, could it be the dentist?
why can't I get rid of my acne?
I'm getting bored at the gym. HELP!?
How do braces feel the first day?
Are condoms supposed to do this?
How do I stop watching porn?
Is it sever if i have this prescription for astigmatism ?!!?
My chest is sore to the touch on the left side?
Im too skinny and i need to gain weight!?
What's happening? Am I insane?
Which is healthier, a Food For Life brown rice tortilla or a Handmade Corn Tortilla from Trader Joe's?
Signs of a kidney infection?
We been having issues with our sexual health?
Why am I so sad all the time?
If insurance auto enrolls you in a new plan you don't want, do you have to pay for it?
Son's panic attacks have come back after seven years?
Do I have eczema????
what do you take for bloated stomach?
please help.. lm having headaches almost everyday and nothing helps has anyone else been through this?
Is this a migraine or?
Are there any on campus alternative medicine school?
Water bottle smells weird?!?
Please help, problems in bed?
My Friend Cuts, But She Doesn't Know I Also Cut, How Do I Tell Her?
Can I catch the flu from this (please help)?
I need advice on loosing weight?
Troubles in bed. Please help?
How high is 24.5 crp blood test results?
In the U.K, I thought that you could get prescripitons if you're a full-time student?
Having troubles in bed, please help?
Contact lens cleansing mistake!!excessive dirt excessive solution!!!plzz help?
I want to die how do I get rid of this feeling?
i feel nauseous on and off, its been weeks?
I think I might have diabetes? But i'm not sure.?
Do I have a heart problems?
Can you be Amenic and Hypoglycemic at the same time?
i cant stand looking at lots of things packed together?
how to prepare for anal?
Does Indica and Sativa cross eachother out?
how come when you make an appt. for children's dentist appt you don't get to choose the hygenist ?
Bit worried any advice?
Can you catch the flu that fast?
Could this be stress related?
Brain tumour worries, really anxious?
When should I wear my glasses? Longsighted and astigmatism?
Is dry sticky weed good?
Cure for glaucoma and machular degeneration soon?
How Would I Become A Celebrity Doctor?
My friends saw my cuts in gym!? What I do now!?
Help with my mouth...?
help i am going to overdose?
Are there known shapes for dicks ?
Lose a pound per day?
What can be a good or causes for my penis shaft to hurt if STDs are negative?
Do I have an infection?!?!?
grow 3 inches at 17?
What the difference between ammonia and pneumonia?
Why does my urine smell like Sugar Crisp when I eat it?
NHS - Tattoos policy?
do we gain fat on our periods?
How long does it take for an overdose to have an effect?
is it normal to have vaginal discharge if you dont have your period????
Please help with this. I'd really appreciate?
why does my heart beat fast when im not even out of breath?
hi i have a chest infection?
If someone in your household has the flu, is it too late to get a flu shot?
Do I have to be put under for a root canal/cavity?
My period cramps hurt so bad im crying.?
WHATS WRONG WITH ME? Pelvic pain?
why am i sneezing so much?
Rescue Remedy question..?
Am I depressed or sad?
Does this Dental Surgery support NHS?
My sleep pattern Is F*cked?
My left eye lid hurts on the left corner of it?
is my diet and exercise plan right for losing 1.5-2 pounds per week?
Where can I get an M-Board?
I'm hungry every 2-3 hours, is this normal?
What is the difference between HIV and AIDS?
How can I lose weight fast?
White bumps on my face?
Pregnancy or pms? Please help me?
How can I get my arm muscles balanced again?
NEED QUICK ANSWER. could my insurence cover 10,000 surgery.?
I Need Weightlifting Help?
what are some advantages and disadvantages to ecstasy...?
How can I lose weight healthy?
What are the benefits of jogging?
Why can't I bench press any more?
(Weightlifting) How long do I rest between sets?
(Weightlifting) How long do I rest between sets?
Can I bandage my tongue?
how are sugars and carbohydrates related?
Is fluoridated toothpaste safe?
How to to relax ????
Can I lose 20 pounds in 7 months?
How long until I get a six pack by doing this?
Does going to the gym really matter?
What's wrong with me?
How to make a food nutrition balanced diet plan good for 1 year?
Huge worrying problem? I really need some advice?
What do people with schizoaffective disorder major in schizophrenia lack in their body?
is smoking and smelling a smoke the same?
whats the accuracy of ora quick hiv test?
Pear shaped upper body, help!!?
Brain dead and Life after Death?
Rumbling stomach and watery stool?
help me lose weight?
Advice on switching Ob/Gyn at 33 weeks?
Should i shave my pube hair?
Weight loss HELP! 13?
Why are their two spikes in my heart rate?
Are your body fluids harmful if they get into other places?
my creatine and bun is low in kidneys,may be caused by high blood pressure,what does this mean.?
How can i kill myself painlessly ?
Which color eye would go with my skin tone and hair color?
Liver Damage, what next?
Hi peeps am stuck please help me howw do and would I calculate BMR (Basis metabolic Rate)?
Do I have Conjunctivitis or Keratitis?
Are OCD thoughts always opposite to what you want?
Will I lose weight through this?
Can headbanging make your head bigger?
Yesterday I forgot how to use an escalator?
Can headbanging make your head bigger?
i want your opinion about my weight please!!! :)?
Pinching off contact lenses!!urgent!!?
Tinnitus in back of the head?
How fast can i get rid of an ingrown hair?
how long does sugar wax last?
What's the number for having a heart operation?
My teeth are really painful!?
Why is my penis closed and not open?
What should I do? answers asap pleasee?
how to get rid of keratosis pilaris on legs?
Weight gain before period?
Dont know if my face is dry or oily?
Upset stomach for over 2 days now.?
so i have the stomach flu am i getting a shot?
Is this dangerous, or just a cold?
How to break your wrist?
how to remove string from your vagina?
What happens if I smoke weed? How bad is it?
I been smoking marijuana for 11 years heavy smoker!i quit for 2 months and I'm still comming up positive ?
Is the D-Dimer test accurate to diagnose a Pulmonary Embolism?
Can't get up in the morning no matter how early I go to bed?
please help. I only have a bath every 5 days and get out of bed about 1:45pm...how do I change!?
Good colored contacts?
How effective is the pill?
Blood in my stool- advice?
Very bad lower back pain.?
Is my peni* normal size for my age?
How bad does it hurt to get your clit (hood) , and nipples pierced?
Sore and swollen nipples ? Headaches for the past 6 days . Weight gain .. Sore lower back an neck ..?
how much cardio should i do along with weight lifting?
what are best things to eating when taking antibiotics?
Twin blocks and traintrack braces?
I'm a girl and I watch a lot of porn?
Can symptoms of chlamydia appear then just go away?
why does my testicals twitch?
What walk in clinic will prescribe propanolol?
How to make your period lighter?
I have Insomnia and it wont go away?
I want to throw up every time I eat, but I don't... is that bulimia?
will i gain weight if i eat after boxing?
Weird pulsing sensation in the stomach?
Hydrocordone drug test help?
Where can I buy anesthetic for eye online ?
Things are getting bad again for the second time and i dont know what to do?
Is this what should be on a written prehospital care report?
Did I damage my penis?
Is My Cheat Meal Really That Unhealthy?
I need info about Accu-Stretch?
I'd rather answer questions?
Any home exercise for calves to get very good results for jumping high?
kidney hurts when I breath?
can u temporarily go crosseyed from lack od sleep?
Can someone help I've had itchy anus and sore for 4 weeks now can you help?
Scar healing and coverup?
Is what I've eaten today a good diet?
How many calories will I lose? Will I lose weight?
Extreme social problems, how can I lose weight?
At what age is one supposed to start using tampons?
Is this something serious or something i should see the doctor about?
Should I go to work if I have been around people with sickness/diarrhoea?
Are hair, nails skin vitamins bad for you?
What's wrong with me?
Does anybody know about teeth?
I'm trying to gain weight in big numbers, how?
after inserting breathing tube patient has no breath sounds in left lung what could have happened?
Do I have depression?
Scared of a brain tumour?
Dentist drilled a bit of my molars?
Is there a difference in quality between brands of green tea?
Exercises that tone and not build muscle?
What can I take or do for a Torn tendon in my hip ?
Another dementia worry, 29 will CBT help?
Mood changes fast need help?
Soar throat and need to sing!!!!!?
I self harm and I don't want my parents to find out but I do want help?
Is this normal or cause for concern?
Can you eat sprouted oats if you have a gluten allergy?
Tips on how to be happy?
I want too loose some of my thigh fat! which exercises should i do to loose them or what should i do?
Withdrawling need some advice?
Will i be able to loosr 2 to 3lbs by doing this?
How many calories are in a slice of capricciosa pizza?
i feel fat. i weigh 150lbs and im about 5:4 im tired of feeling that way and i need to loose weight fast.?
Who is the best Ayurvedic doctor in Pune?
how do i tell someone that they might be in harms way with me?
(Men) have you ever dated a women stronger than you? (Women) have you dated a man who was not a strong?
Will my acne scars go away naturally?
Worried About Headache Pains Please Help?
I am getting married in 16 months and am wanting to start the slim down process, ADVICE!?
i was sick for about 12 hours, what did i have?
How to loose weight relatively fast?
How to get a flat stomach fast?
special diet for people who have leukemia?
What is the best gym class for a person who isn't fat but just needs muscle?
Im 14 im 5 10 150lbs a freshman football player linebacker what should I be able to benchpress currently at co?
I need some advice for exercise's?
Where in Boca Raton can I find an exercise gym?
How do you get rid of red eye veins?
are squats helping my butt?
Reluctant eating problems?
Wierd pain in left eye?
What is required in order to qualify for daily contact lenses?
where is my diet going wrong?
will my skin dissolve this stitch?
I'm 101.4 pounds and 5\2... How am I still chubby?
Do squats give thin people a nice butt?
how to lose weight fast??
Could a punch to the back of the head be fatal?
Girlfriends stomach growling?
how to lose weight fast??
Will drinking distilled water leach minerals from my body?
Why does my stomach hurt everytime I eat?
I am building a fitness website. Where do I find exercise demonstration videos for my website?
My gf just passed out in the middle of frys what do i do?
I developed a pink rash on my neck and around my collar bone that doesnt itch...i have no other simptoms.?
Teeth Whitening Gel that WORKS?
How to burn face fat?
Need a treadmill for the workspace?
Brain tumour worries so much?
Is my blood pressure good?
16 year old boy with strange body shape...?
lost 4 pounds in just 6 days?
Can you have side effects from Gardisil show up 2 months after the second shot?
WHAT IS THE BEST VITAMIN FOR MEN?
Stressed out!!!!?? Need help!!?
Bleedin after sex on depo?
Inactive pills and periods?
how does vitamin d help to maintain strong bones helping to prevent the development of osteoporosis?
What is the comedown on MDMA (Molly) like?
What is the comedown like on MDMA (Molly) ?
Dieting: Homecooked Meals for Families?
Been smokin weed for a while but all of a sudden getting bad trips? Why?
I love weed but I hate the taste of it?
How long does it take to see weight lost results?
Is it possible I suffer from adult ADD?
please answer!! what have i done to my wrist? my parents wont take me to the doctor?
When am I going to grow?
Vaginal smell?! :( PLEASE HELP!?
is pain getting worse after tonsillectomy normal when does it get better?
Sharp pain moving from foot and now in hip?
Why do boys adjust their underwear so many times?
why do i cough when i smoke?
sore forearms from bicep curls?
My friend is 15 and she has sharp pain below her belly button what is it?!?!?
Need to loose 2\ from my waist.?
How to get rid of white heads?
I have very thin wrist(Hand). pls suggest me to get broader.?
Making a fist after fracturing finger?
i think i may have depression or maybe bi-polar disorder , but i don't want anyone to know.?
What's good for a sore throat and what's bad for it too?
Why do I fell the need to build strength and do lot's of sports?
can kesari jivan be consumed by a diabetic ?
muscle twiching muscle ache cold hands and feet?
What is a good diet plan for a 13 year old girl to lose weight?
taking viagra as a (healthy) 17 year old?
i need help losing weight?
will a electronic cigarette?
Please help why does my stomach hurt so badly?
Could I be pregnant if the pregnancy test at doctors came out negative!?!?
can any one tell the reason?
Why does my stomach hurt so bad? HELP?
Do you need another eye exam if you want to go from clear contacts to colored?
How to thicken the penis?
Is this an allergy to soy?
Why is my friend thin and I'm not but weigh the same?
am 18 years old and having a weight of 40kg ang height of 5'1 don't you think its normal?
My friend is 15 and she has sharp pain below her belly button what is it?!?!?
How many calories would I burn in a 15 minute jog?
why do i gag when i brush my teeth but not when i give oral?
I have given up smoking and my fitness levels have decreased ! Any info?
What are the chances of me getting skin cancer since I think I have skin poisoning?
How do I feel more energized?
Could this be cancer?
Nervous about adderall?
is there a difference between aids and full blown aids?
Am I having enough exercise?
mental health in child?
Is this diet okay? want to lose weight!?
How do you get rid of bed bug bites on your body?
My boobs are really sensitive, does anyone know why?
I almost fainted?? Help?
Can my brain recover from heavy drug use as a teen?
Do I have a good eating schedule?
I've been smoking about 1-3 Fags everyday for about 3 months, will my lungs be bad?
is this friend an attention seeker or genuinely anorexic?
which gel is better for treating pain: a diclofenac gel or an etofenamate gel?
Is this a cold, or what?
Best way to tone thighs.....?
Will these exercises stunt my growth?
why my life is like this ?
Is this a healthy eating schedule/diet?
why do so many people fake injures? attention?
I can't stop eating after School, help?
How did I get herpes when I've been with the same partner for 3 1/2 years?
Why is my period lasting so long?
I need help with the wording of this topic?
Can I masturbate after Appendicteomy?
Can pot holes give you a brain injury/concussion?
I have a flap of skin hanging from my vagina. It's about 2cm long, hanging from within my vaginal lips?
how to stop denture pince with older bottom denture?
is it bad to eat egg yolks every day?
Really tall and big bump on forehead?
Craving sweets like crazy?
Alternative way to do root canal?
What would be a healthier and more fulfilling choice for breakfast?
What's wrong with my gum and tonsil?
WHY DID SHE BLEED AFTER SEX?? 10 points?
I've started the gym will it help get rid of my jelly belly?
Should I wait until my excess fat is burnt off before using creatine to bulk up?
Bacterial Infection In Blood?
why would my inr jump from 2.6 to 4.9 in two weeks I have cut down on my vitamin k as I was taking too much?
every time i get hot or sweaty i get red marks all over my body and i itch alot?
Overactive badder problems?
While having sex at first time, blood was bleeding in penis?
Did I have an orgasm?
My right testicle is swollen amd hurts?
not sure whats wrong with me...?!?
I have a issue about my contacts?
How can I increase my pennis length?
self harm (cutting) help?
How do you take ecstasy balloons?(for an assignment)?
how many calories should I eat daily to lose 2-3lbs a week?
What laxatives work the best and fastest?
im 14 female 5'7 and 114 pounds how many calories do i burn everyday on average?
My elbow has a sharp pain whenever I lean on it.?
Weed and Depressed mother help!?
what does it mean when i Constantly have to pee n im not drinking alot of water std free with no infections i?
Childs health - swollen hand an