i found this article, but i have no idea what country it talks about..can someone tell?
Are pitbulls still band In Ontario?
Did the U.S., C.I.A train Osama Bin Laden?
Why did President Obama not attend church on Christmas with his family?
Question for a computer wiz?
Is tupac really dead?
Why do experts come out with drivel like \there is no safe level of alcohol\ for driving?
Are 7.1% people becoming unemployed per month or per year in the UK, when will unemployment reach 100%?
Something going on right now that relates to Vietnam or WW2 or space?
If George Zimmerman is a white-hispanic, does that mean Obama is a white-black?
Why is Toronto keeping the alcoholic ,crack smoking liar Rob Ford around?
When was the great Shaikh Abdul Fattah Abu Guddah Halabi Shami born and dead?
Why do they have communal toilets in parts of Russia?
Florida is suffering a major uptick in robbery ?
Hurray! Unemployment down to 7.1%?
Why does Obama make so many political announcements from Hawaii?
Why is getting homwork information on the site not banned?
When will the saudi v Iran war start who will win ?
Do you think Miley Cyrus is attention seeking?
Why Saudi Arabia and Iran don't get together to help their Syrian Islamic brothers?
what is a current ongoing controversial issue?
Fox News vs. Al Jazeera vs. Russia Today?
Should Guantanamo close?
Why was there no coverage on the news of the 5th anniversary of President Obama's inauguration?
How long more will the petrodollar last?
So according to Eric Holder, we need to send more white kids to the office?
If anyone has heard or read about the radiation in fish?
In terms of current events, what's happening in the UK?
Huckleberry Finn:Why does the mob dig up Peter Wilks's coffin?What surprise do the people find?
Did Stephen Harper poll Canadians for their opinions before giving his Knesset speech?
What kind of filthy society is that eats,relishes mice and dogs in its cuisine like the Chinese and some Orien?
Should profiling be used by government agencies?
A racist attack on a Sikh.....why are some people so intolerant and violent?
Does that fact that Tony Blair is not in prison make you ashamed of this country?
I entered a usa contest and I live in Uk. I have completed it but it says phone format?
Has anybody read what happened with the men the British police?
If you have directv, and lost the weather channel, how are you handling the blizzard, tonight and tomorrow? (?
What should be done to a father that teaches his young child to steal?
Will we ever see Assad in the dock for war crimes?
What do you think of Obama doing the reverse Nazi Salute?
Is Obama resorting to the race card now?
About the bloke who writes the TV listing for Coronation St?
Is this a sign of the cost of living crisis in Britain?
why oh why are those female news anchors not dressed warm!!?
Should more corronation street characters be given the right to die?
Should Pub Be Allowed To Open On The MotorWay?
Difficult to clean? Is that a reasonable excuse for not cleaning?
BBC bias question - indulging Stalin (Uncle Joe) and making light of Gulags?
Should the Muslim Terror Fanatics who'll be freed from Anti-Terror Restrictions just be put in Prison?
hollywood propaganda machine?
Is Doku Umarov dead or alive?
In terms of current events, what's happening in the UK?
I have some questions about Snowden?
How are zero tolerance policies racist towards minorities?
Why is North Korea trying to go to war with the U.S?
What is exactly the iranian nuclear program? Why should they have nuclear program?
What do you think about Iran?
Ladies - have we the answer to this year's - what on earth can i buy him?
Question about the original World Trade Center Twin Towers?
Do you think Chris Christie still has a shot at the presidency or is he finished after all that has come out?
Anyone recognise this sub-species?
Can we all have a 'sieve pool' please?
why does invading another country not constitute terroism?
Premises making and retailing food should be licenced surely?
Why aren't people like this forced to take hygiene exams before opening?
Can things get any worse for this party?
Why did an ordinary member of the public do this?
Why is it when the US invade a country they never ever leave?
Will George Bush and Tony Blair ever face prosecution for their war crimes?
when is superbowl sunday 2014?
a news article where a comapny has engaged in activities that increase its profits, but cause social harm.?
Is Cesar Chavez worth giving a Holiday for and renaming streets?
Why does Jesse Ventura seem like he's always going to rip someones head off?
Can somebody explain obamacare?
An example of a time when medicine was shipped elsewhere to stop an epidemic or disease?
Should they ban nuclear and go for more safer technology?
Why is Martin Luther King special?
I Need yearbook headlines theme ideas for the the following:?
What are the benefits of mass media?
I know nothing about Scottish law?
remember jfk and jackie?
When will the international community start talking to Iran about important stuff(Syria, Iraq, terrorism)?
Where in the USA is America?
Do you agree with Labour's plan for the jobless?
Why would you eat someone's leg?
The Kipper in Chief insults working mothers, what is your view please?
What was the real reason Directv dropped the Weather channel, in your opinion?
What do you think about Cleggy suspending Lord Renard for touching up staff.?
Why did polly stream suspend me?
Why won't wealthy Gulf countries take any syrian refugees?
Do you agree that the Sunday papers pushed the boundaries over the Mikaeel Kular case?
Why are manners in a man now considered rare?
Ware in Hertfordshire has the highest ratio of people watching 'porn'. What is it like where you live?
Would the phenomenon Nick Clegg be president if he was an American?
Do you know of any companies that sell anti-virus software for fridges?
Does this mean the Social Service already were watching this Child?
What do you think about the rise in criminal gangs 'hot-wiring power supplies' to help cut bills?
Is Indian sub-inspector a good carrer?
Why don't we have free speech in Australia?
Do you think OJ Simpson should be free by now?
what is exceptional cause in Afghanistan about war that shift the demand curve?
why are people still talking about Romney?
Do you Believe that the \Bible Basher\ U.K.I.P. Councillor might be a Conservative Plant?
should i cite sources about the blog that i'm writing?
You think the MLK Jr assessination was an FBI and Police conspiracy, as JFK's, like CNN showed it could be?
I asked just awhile ago about those that will not pay for their health care?
What are text features in a commercial?
Why good horror films have bad ratings?
Do you think that expensive public schools should lose tax exempt charitable status?
Do the left and right TV media really balance each other?
Can gay marriage be used to positive effect during a drought?
NHS patient information for sale, so much for data privacy now?
I have a few articles I'd like to publish?
Why Are Iranians not as successful as Zoroastrians?
Any good websites to write stories?
WHAT IS WRONG WITH MILEY CYRUS?
How well was Michelle Obama's birthday bash? Was it a huge success?
Can you die from aerosole freeze?
Not every Muslim is a terrorist, but every terrorist is a Muslim. Agree?
Will Ariana Grande be touring 2014?
Would Russian attack of Saudi Arabia,coincide with coming Israel -Syria/Iran nuclear war?
Who do these people think they are to kill their families?
is vladamir putin an evil man?
Why are our freedoms slipping away from us in our country USA?
What's the difference between a meteorologist and the weather girl with no bra?
Should Edward Snowden be Pardoned?
UK unemployment your thoughts?
He doesnt Bless them for Britain?
The BBC ignored over 1,000 complaints about Savile?
Does anyone seriously believe there is a \PC elite group\ running the Western World?
How would Dr.King feel about what blacks are doing today?
Why were Free Translators ever Provided for Foreign Nationals in the UK?
Apart from Mein Kampf and 1984, what other books are relevant to today ?
Why are Newspapers full of Propaganda and Trash Gossip ?
How do the Taliban celebrate a tactical victory?
Should I keep a diary?
Is Jahi Mcmath (declared brain dead in Dec '13 and has been on a ventilator since) legally dead or alive?
Is Jay Bartlett a fraud?
Tamil writers across globe to meet in Coimbatore.Will they achieve taking Tamil to the next generation?
does anyone know about the cerrell reports ?! help please?
I just saw McConnel on Fox saying the only way oil companies can profit is if we have a new president....?
illegal immigrants who have flooded australia in recent years, do they recieve social security?
How do I put an ad in the newspaper?
Why is the Pope firing people at the Vatican Bank?
If North Korea decides to strike the USA How many nuclear bombs would they need?
What do YOU think of Miley Cyrus?
what was Jay Lenos remarks?
does anyone know where i can find some newspaper articals on the stamp act, tea act, and sugar act????
Would you prevent something from happening?
Which was the the worse out of these?
Biography Documentary help?
which political party is responsible in britain for the massive open door immigration policies?
Which is the best country in the Far East?
I love ces 2014 how many people love this?
Why does Kuwait and Saudi Arabia LIKE former Pres. George Bush?
is there a link between gay rights and the weather?
did piers morgan lost the gun debate?
was Cameron spot on, when he described Ukip as loonies, fruitcakes and closet racists?
What do you think about Ohios longest execution?
why would you do this ?
Lanka grave yields more skeletons-BBC.Why the culprits having\skeleton in the cupboard\ are free?
Mikaeel Kular: Is the mother the killer?
why did pope, Benedict XVI defrock nearly 400 priests in two years. is 400 a lot or just a few bad apples?
Should Lycra louts be above the law or should they be fined for ignoring traffic regulations?
CAN LONDONS COUNCIL AFFORD IT?
Who appointed the First Pope?
Why has all the so called rape victims waited till now?
Where have they all gone to, all the UFOs?
How will the Russians know them?
'Fair and balanced'?
Do you believe the NSA would still continue what they're doing now?
The Planet Earth wont exist in another 50 years?
WHERE IS THE MIRACLES TODAY MADE BY YOUR GOD?
Why did God pick Israel to start Christianity?
Emmerdale starts off your depression?
Why are people making a big deal over Monday?
Any films that do not follow Todorov's narrative theory?
Body of Mikaeel Kular found in relatives home?
Is Left-Wing Political Correctness forcing the Police to ignore serious crimes in Ethnic Minority Areas?
Should obese people pay for this gastric band surgery?
Does 'Benefits Street' really demonise the poor....or does it show a culture some would?
Should this fraudsters have been imprisoned for her cruel crimes?
Are these sentences appropriate for counterfeiting ?
So is Obama and the 'new Kennedy' after all?
What happened to sunantha pushkar?
Is he right? Are there parts of the country where locals mete out justice?
What will happen to the other children now that Mikaeel's mother has finally been arrested?
Do we now live in a society where speaking the truth is illegal?
While China’s first Tamil author looks to build bridges,why our few guys oppose to its development?
Who said \leave the Children alone\ Putin or the Pope?
Is Narendra Modi behind Sunanda Pushkar's death?
What do you think about Ted Cruz?
A Tamil voice,from China.Is it a Historic Link between two Classical Languages?
Will Israel have to carry out a covert operation similar to the Lavon Affair in order to get?
Why is the US not even in the top ten for Economic Freedom?
Mr. Putin stated \leave the children alone\ Do you think this should be practiced the world over?
Prince Harry quits job as Apache helicopter pilot ... Someone takin the p***?
A little questions about breaking boy news site?
Were the people attending Michelle's birthday party told to eat before arriving?
Why does America spend too much money on sports but never education?
Is Jahi McMath still alive or does brain dead mean she is dead just like someone buried?
How is it FOX News gets so heavily criticized, yet MSNBC escapes unscathed?
Obama proposes to bring 30,000 Syrian moslem Refugees to The States. WTBloodyF?
Little Boy Mikaeel: why havent we heard a thing about his Father?
Shawnee Oklahoma, anyone having trouble with Disaster Relief agency n Shawnee?
Which country or group or organization is realy behind September 11 WTC attacks ?
when is the official boycott BP thing starting?
Is it hypocritical to on the one hand want the UK to leave the EU but be opposed to Scotland leaving the Union?
Instagram.. Magnified news feed!!?
Magnified news feed!!?
Magnified news feed!!?
Hey evry1 Happy New year..!!?
Should Denis Rodman be charged with Treason, and \giving Aid and Comfort to the Enemy\?
Aaron Hernandez trial?
Will the NHS collapse before the next election and sink the Tories?
Aaron Hernandez trial question?
Do you have to pay tax when subscribing for a newspaper?
Can people getting killed be shown on the internet?
What kind of agreement do CNN guests have to sign before going on the air?
Is there a Jimmy Savile bandwagon?
Which is the best website for Valentines Day Quotes?
Lefties: was mass immigration beneficial to the Native Americans?
What's news regarding sinkholes?
What do you think has happened to the missing 3 year old boy in scotland?!?
Will Narendra Modi be PM in coming election? What's about your opinion?
Documentary and copyrights?
What is the very specific name for a section in a newspaper that talks about dates/events?
Which is the best Australian online billboard?
What has Yahoo News done to their webpage layout?
Whats a good website to post my articles, stories, (anything i write really)?
Why on the news they keep saying?
Regarding Nadya Suleman....anyone know...?
Why are US doctors from India so terrible?
how is the economy in new Orleans, and what are the environmental issues?
Mass Grave fuels fear of thousands buried in Sri Lanka war zone.Will it exhume the allegedly buried War Crimes?
What does the fox say?
USPS has my package under pre-shipment 8 days after the the estimated delivery day and still.?
Whats the mean of media coverage to get your music I lighted to the world?
Where can I get the RSS feed for ONLY the news stories that are on the Yahoo homepage banner?
Why has it taken people so long to come forward to report a child out on its own yesterday morning?
What is an example of an argument form a media source that interests you?
Do you see anything just not right with Michelle Obama and her self indulgence and self congratulating?
How does Cornelia Grumman argue against the use of “lineups” in her article “When Believing Isn’t Seeing”?
Mikaeel Kular, The Edinburgh 3 year old boy who has gone missing ?
What should been done with Foreign Criminals who are Apparently \Stateless\?
TV Commercials Ads and Film Makers Delhi or Mumbai?
Do people from overseas hear of the heatwave and the fires happening in Australia at the moment?
virgin media question?
Will anyone notice a change now that recreational pot is legal in Colorado?
AUSTRALIA's view on the Canadian Renewable Energy dispute. Help me understand the meaning of the content?
What does it say if a real person complains about a fictional character?
Has the fire in Glendora been stopped?
He who convinced the world that Tamil is classical language-The Hindu.Why his contribution are least known?
Did Aaliyah die in 2001?
why aren't Rove & Libby in prison for lying about the WMDs?
Can someone help me write a 5 sentence summary of this article and a 5 sentence reaction paragraph?
Missed Artist submission on SXSW.com but am on official showcases, how do I pick up my Credentials?
Why do most people think Hindus are terrorists?
Anyone else see the Super-Scooper plane on KCAL news?
Do you stand up for your own values in the face of opposition from unbelievers as this Police man has?
A 3-4 summary for insurgent?
Is the first lady of France, the last person the President slept with?
are there drugs at the governors ball?
Are you give me information of burst crystal reports?
Can other people see your email on Lulu.com?
Prove me why weed is \bad\?
Rapist was executed...?
Is the WTC 1 taller than the twin towers were?
what issues concern the NRA ?
Adam Levine's Proactive ads sexist?
POLLS: Should they ban guns(only a few exceptions)?
Where can I watch full episodes of CNN's Crossfire?
are documentaries from the history channel that are on youtube reliable resources?
What do you think of that guy buying the killing of a black rhino for $350,000?
Why did Anders Behring Breivik only get 21 years in prison?
does Yahoo have any corporate affiliation with Fox News?
Was Philip Ludwell a wise choice for governor?
Do libertarians agree with the latest ruling striking down net neutrality?
Susan Smith / David Smith videos, documentaries, etc?
Biker chase and beat down range rover driver. Opinions?
Deep psychological wounds still traumatize after 5 years of brutal ethnic conflict. What does it corroborate?
Is the US really that much in debt like the media states as of Jan 2014?
What is War on Poverty?
If World Youth Day will happen in London, where will the central events happen?
Why doesn't Cameron start a new union of countries for free trade?
How has the UN influenced world affairs?
What is the government doing about child soldiers?
How can we stop school shootings?
“Myths that Obscure the Logic of the News Media” section of the Paul and Elder article located in the Week Th?
what happened under Ho Chi Minh`s rule?
Death penalty discussion?
How many times has Michael Bloomberg been stopped and frisked?
How do you get a statement or a Question to The Live Program ?
how do i make a 30 second psa announcement with clips, pics, and slides?
what is Ho Chi Minh most remembered for?
What does the Queen and taxpayers think of more foreign aid to honophobic Nigeria?
what is Ho Chi Minh most remembered for?
What are your thoughts about the news in canadafreepress.com?
What is a good news archive site?
help what is the name of the documentary?
How strict are the 02 dublin with ID?
How did the expansion of transportation in the United States improve the news industry?
Have the British Soldiers who lost their Lives and Limbs in Afghanistan did so in Vain?
How has the British government sweep GCHQ spying under the carpet?
what exactly are minarets ?
What happened in this NJ bridge scandal everyone keeps talking about?
why are white on black crimes treated more seriously by the media than black on white crimes?
Why did the con nooga membership rate raise to $60?
Global teller link to talk to inmates?
What's supposed to be wrong with Denniis Rodman going to N. Korea to see his friend?
Is the TV ad on Epix by comic Patton Oswalt about death's inevitability, laughing at America's demise?
Why is the United States so anxious to keep Britain in the EU?
what are the issues in leading and controalling?
Grade school shooting: a good home education?
Is it true that Blair MP the slave trader was unrelated to Tony Blair MP?
Did jodie arias get life in prison or the death penalty?
Is this video about the Boston Marathon bombing?
Name of publication HELP?
Is this a war crime.........................?
Wasn't \Magic\ Johnson a MULTI-MILLIONAIRE, when he contracted HIV.?
anyone else hate sean penn?
tell me your story about your tour in Iraq?
What was the effect of Ho Chi Minh coming into power?
What should I title my article?
two headed year book picture?
Missing Edinburgh 3 year old?
zoologists and assassination?
Which country is the current most popular country in africa.?
If Amanda Knox is found innocent again, could the prosecutor request a 4th trial?
where can i find a crime story?
UP Police Results announcement date?
As bad as Iraq was with Saddam Hussein leading it didn't he keep the peace?
Military cuts mean 'no US partnership', Robert Gates warns Britain - Takes Britain closer to EU?
how much is a dust bowl newspaper worth from april 14, 1935?
If North Korea went through with this faxed threat of an attack on South Korea...?
what was the reason Oli sykes went vegan?
What do these things have in common?
whats a war on poverty?????
Crimes in which someone was manipulated into doing something for \love\?
How did the boston marathon bombing affect the rest of the world?
can you anyone please tell me the ongoing projects of matt macdonald oil & gas div in india handeled.please..?
Why does Trayvon Martin get a lot more attention from the media than the black Michigan woman who was murdered?
Cicada 3301, strange secret organization?
Thoughts during 911 attack?
Does this baby need a coat, or is it being toughened up?
Is this NSA? Someone knows too much about me on Yahoo news.?
Spending on flood defenses has been CUT, could the Con Dems have misled us on this?
what is the website to watch etv telugu live?
What do the bombers in Iraq hope to accomplish?
Sad loss of a great actor dont you agree?
12 Years a Slave to win Best Picture..you KNOW what Hollywood is like?
Whitney Houston autopsy (TV) bit of a shocker?
Missing boy,in Edinburgh ?
Why this story is hard to believe and i don't?
Need some articles about role of associated press in the world?
How does a policeman know that a speeding motorist is a spy?
who is owner of Associated Press, what famous TV , radio or newspapers are AP- members?
Are You Surprised JC Penny Didn't Close That Empty Store Near You?
RIP Roger Lloyd Pack, what do you think was his best scene?
Why i assumed that you need a witness or medical evidence or a confession before?
What do the BNP and UKIP disagree on?
Can you tell me the irony in this article please?
Has Eric Pickles got your support over this issue?
Can US SM-3 missiles shoot down Hypersonic missiles of Russia,China and India?
Why would china stop people from escaping fleeing north korea?
Should rape apologist Alex Callinicos be permitted to speak at Warwick University?
One who collects the articles in news magazines..... What is the particular word for this thing...?
Where in the States has fracking proved to be safe?
Why can't Jon Benet Ramsey's Death be learned from in a clinical study, sex education, now Roswell?
Why is Obamacare a disaster?
What would happen if you accidentally fell into the 9/11 memorial?
Why are the taxpayers paying to feed illegals?
why the speaker should analysed their listener?
My brother loves Miley Cyrus so much, What do you think about his new look?
Why are Bieber fans (tween girls) such retards?
Is the Afghan war a move to secure the Rare Earth minerals of the region from China and Russia?
Would lack of Net Neutrality affect piracy?
Why should Obama and Hilary Clinton be held accountable for Benghazi?
Current event: Should India retake Kachchatheevu island from Sri Lanka?
Should Justin Bieber be tried as an adult?
Can homebuyer change their mind, get their money back, why buy foreclosed house, now a horror house?
Does the rumors about Michelle Obama using botox explain the permanent pissed off look on her face?
Good weekly news magazine for college student?
What are some current controversial issues?
Did anyone see the Kendrick Johnson photo?
Why must there be crime in this world?
Why don't they release photos of Suzanne Capper's killers?
What can I do with a major in Journalism/PR and a minor in Geography?
what do you guys think of this article?
Why is your yahoo front page have so little about Benghazi? Government transparency would be nice.?
How has Obama done a bad job as President?
why is the bbc such a cherished institution anyway?
What is the American Dream? 3 various ways that the media portrays the american dream...?
how to spark a idea for writtng?
What has been your highlight for 2013 and why?
Can someone go to walmart and?
How to write my Satire story?
what does the colors on the yemen mean?
Is there an news article about someone's crime (story-article) that is recent? 10 points for best answer?
Can I please get an unbias opinion on what happened with the GW Bridge last week?
Clifford Olsen Criminal Case's questions? 10 points for best answer?
My name is Melanie and I need a good Instagram name! Any ideas??
What is the worst that can come from the government killing net neutrality?
why have yahoo categories disappeared? Like U.S. News, World News, Science, etc.?
As a part of the deal, iran has agreed to-multiple choice?
Why are there so many school shootings now and not 20 years ago?
Name of a killer I saw on Investiagtion Discovery (ID) channel?
is this a good introduction?
i am doing source card for english and i need some more sources like multimedia newspapers and etc.?
Why do my eyes dart around when I read?
the new weather channel has not even been giving any reports on our area of the country.?
Japan is still being very aggressive to its neighbors?
is yellow journalism a problem in today's society?
how do muslims plan too take over Scotland the Romans?
Anyone read the Senate Intelligence report on Benghazi?
Do you think that the UK should do more to catch immigrant paedophiles?
Where can I watch Shameless online?
The will was executed as written.?
florida current events?
If we can't get the moslem lands to respect us, should they then, instead, be made to fear us?
Should there be a law against Churches being sold to be used as Mosques?
if your the news reporter aj please tell me about this kidnapping case?
guy fawkes innocent or guilty?
Another shoot out in a US school ?
When we aren't represented? What happens to the goverment?
Ideas for Yearbook story?
Should comrade, Arthur Scargil acknowledge that property is not theft and thank Thatcher?
If Republicans got to kill all SNAP payments and killed all Unemployment Payments ?
Can SM3 missiles shoot down Hypersonic missiles of Russia,China and India?
when do you think the indigenous \PEOPLE\ of the UK?
Why would they lie though?
Just how bad do you think the threat from Islam is in this country (UK)?
Will you be more wary of using credit cards after the Target Fiasco, yes or no?
Another gang rape in India?
Cameron declares \You are going to be Fracked whether you like it or not\?
When you were at primary school, what did you buy from the tuck shop?
You liberate the physical and you know?
Why are the Usual Suspects honking and mooing about a mixed race BBC Porthos?
What are the best topics to write a magzine article on ?
How many years is India & China Economically/sociallying Behind?
How long do you think it will be before the U.S. media confirms what the FARS News Agency...?
What is the British Government hiding today?
what are the courses need to be completed for getting a job in national geographic channel?
If Scotland gets independence will there be any need for?
What Licence key on Showbiz?
How to get a job in national geographic channel?
What are your thoughts on the Work Programme?
Do you think heavy drinkers/smokers?
is media portrating reality?
What should I choose for options for Journalism?
give me a example of storyboard about uncellular?
Was Princess Diana Murdered?
what is zero day exploit ?
Can terrorism be stopped or is it just going to go on forever?
what else did miley cyrus play in?
William Roache; will 'witnesses' also find it hard going if he's found guilty?
how to get involved with my local newspaper?
What is the Best adsence network for tamil language blog?
what is written communication?
CBS News.....What line of reasoning are you using?
At £1300 a badger for police protection was this a fine example of money well spent?
Is it time to open new RNLI stations in areas prone to flooding?
Why wiki leaks has timer as their icon?
Summary on War Brothers.?
Is Jodi Arias likely to suicide rather than spend her life in prison ?
Why are people held in guantanamo without trial?
In which Indian channel I can watch 2014, Oscar nominations announcement?
Why is the U.K. be giving aid of £270m to oil rich, homophobic Nigeria?
Did any one else just felt that earthquake?
Is Tommy Robinson the right person to teach school kids about tolerence?
Gun Violences, is gun the real probelm?
Should this story be shown to anyone who regularly drinks to much?
Debate on is hactivism is a social activism?
Of the 93 million \pledged\ by Brown and Blair during LIVE AID, did they actually pay anything?
Why are there so many rapes happening in India?
How much older than you should someone be to call them an Old c-word?
Should Osbourne allow RBS bankers to claim bonuses double their salaries?
Indian IT professional please guide me what should I do.?
Can you explain to me what \Exploding offers\ refers to?
Why is it important news that Bieber is throwing eggs at people?
is stella ndoh the doughter of dr david ndoh?
What do non spies do for the CIA?
why all commentators of media in idaho state are old age ?
i need a research topic regarding human trafficking?
I need a summary for the short story \Earthquake\ by Hodgins?
florida cinema shooting a joke?
what is the capability of Saudi Arabia military ?
What did Kelly Thomas do wrong?
Question about Kelly Thomas in Fullerton?
What is the Doomsday clock???????
Can anyone can give me a Publish Research Article about Drug Abuse?
How to start a online newspaper?
articles about NSA spying scandal?
How to start a online newspaper?
Any Microeconomic article?
why can't I open Yahoo news?
interviewer introduces you to staff - good sign?
At the rate the world is going on now, will there even be a 22nd century?
What are some issues going in the world today?
School election posters?
if your a news reporter or a lawer or a super crime junky?
How to get the list of advertisements shown on a TV channel through Internet?
Why do most people think that traditional counter-terrorism approaches and policies may not be...............?
How to watch Justin bieber on live stream?
if your a lawer or news reporter or a big crime junky?
What is Obama going to do about the 'Young\ people that are not?
NJ bridge closure: why the expectation that mayor endorse Christie?
MUN Paraguay's stance on conditions of refugee camps?
Did Thatcher (the great) really sacrifice and alienate any future support of Sikhs?
Is, to within the nearest 60,000,000 light years really ‘ultra precise’?
what media does jeff koons use?
Why is there a sudden push in the last 10 years to legalize marijuana?
south australia channel 7 email address?
do you think a boy and a girl twin who have the same face would attract lot of attention?
What happens if the Affordable Care Act DOES Fails; can the damage be reversed.?
What are your opinions on events in Sheffield, UK?
Questions on Nuclear Weapons?
Are there any free online archives of newspapers that were owned by Hearst?
Results of Kerry's new peace plan for Israel and Palestine?
Besides Indy 500 events, Motorcycles on Meridian, and Indy Pride events what are some big events in Indy?
should we have nuclear weapons?
What does it mean to feed readers info?
How long did it take to plan and carry out the 1993 world trade center attack?
What hasn't happened yet that was predicted in the 24 protocols ?
Do you think Barack should reduce the sanctions against Iran?
Do Socialists say people from India are a race, not a nationality, but those from US are fair-game for?
Do you condem things you do not understand?
on a current event what do i start with?
I saw a boat in key west and did a search and could not find anything on if.Saw the words Dufa.....Ramsey.?
Is there a website that specifically details the steps of writing a television pilot ?
Is America considered the terrorist?
Why are Hezbollah considered a terrorist organization?
Need help finding an article!?
a name for my new website?
How can i publish my ulbum so fast for people to hear and know it?
submit press releases to yahoo?
Did Obama just surrender to Iran ?
Scottish nationalists: do you agree with Winston Churchill that...?
Do you think too many Mosques are being built in the UK?
How do you feel about Directv dropping The Weather Channel?
Summer in the city tickets?
Do you think the Channel 4 show Benefits Street should be taken off air?
How has the internet transformed media production?
I like to know how this LPG & Aadhar & refill process works?
Why does UKIP want to stop teachers from being able to show An Inconvenient Truth in schools?
Ipl auction 2014 live brodcast on which television channel?
Was the black box ever recovered from the imaginary airplane that hit the pentagon on 9/11?
how to turn off daily stories?
can you watch disney channel on samsung cast hub?
Al-Qaeda without Osama Bin Laden?
Why does the republican 'big tent' now exclude conservatives?
Why is India advancing since independance and becoming prosperous ?
I want to know about general knowledge or latest news?
Which lasts longer? Science or Propaganda/lies?
Do you think the Tory advertising campaign for the 2015 election will work?
Could Pakistan break up into regions due to the instability of the failed state ?
What are so good opinion topics for the opinion column in a highschool newspaper?
How many channels are in sun network 2013?
Why do western people say it's the western media?
What was the funniest thing you watched on france24?
What are your opinions on DirecTV's decision to drop the Weather Channel?
Keep hearing same song?
Can anybody sell/give away photos to the newspaper?
Is it a coincidence that the?
How do British people see when Sikhs in Britain demand Khalistan?
i am a muslim what is my cast?
Do you agree that many evil people do not think theyre evil at all.?
Is real life war like strike back shadow warfare and other Tv programes?
Does Spain risk pushing the economy deeper into recession by waiting for a government bailout?
Another accolade for China?
David Cameron says fracking is safe, and will reduce bills, anyone believe him?
about sampling in the USA?
Is Valerie Trierweiler being harshly treated?
Why was the Identity Register in UK destruction in 2010 was a good idea?
President Hollande: How can Valerie Trierweiler be \The First Lady\?
Why does Yahoo keep reporting on Kim Kardashian?
Is the Fukushima Radiation affecting the United States badly?
Do you think the government is trying to kill us with flu shots?
do you think government is hiding a cure for...?
How relevant is the documentary the 11th hour?
Why or why not should media censor violence?
What do you think were the most important events in Canada during the year 2013 in Canada?
Any recent USA-region news that can be brought into debate/discussion please?
give examples of people in today’s news who are driven by their need for money, power, or fame?
was the \documentary\ Blackfish shown in Britain and was it the same as shown here?.?
What can be done to prevent the Syrian conflict from turning into a larger regional war between Iran, Iraq and?
do u think kejriwal s life in threat?
BBC Sherlock channel and times! Please help?
Will CN sue the beaver family whose dam failed?
Can someone cite an article from E news/ E online for me?
Good article topics for the school newspaper.?
why can atticus move on so easily from the tom r. trial?
Do the my take unpaid fines from taxes?
Why did Obama rush to South Africa before Mandela died ,then ignore Sharons funeral ?
What is a great hook \how to write a narrative or a expository?
Where can I watch american horror story on my iPad online!?
Can anyone help me find articles in bad customer service?
news articles slide on main home page is frozen?
what happened to all the yahoo rss news feeds?
Who is Soraya Taheri? What does Amir refer to her as?
what was the most important domestic news story of 2013?
Did they not ignore the obvious?
please help with this television question?
Is it possible for Britain to have a natural disaster right now with 0warning?
Scared to go to Israel this summer?
Why when the French have banned fracking is Cameron allowing a French company to invest in it here?
/what are the consenquences of lifting economic embargo from Iran?
New World Gov., Martial Law, Agenda 21?
Do you now accept the fact that?
Ramos and Cicinelli NOT guilty of beating Kelly Thomas to death?
Any good ideas for a broadcasting show?
Do you find it strange that there is?
why are people such wusses now?
What Happened to Casey Anthony After Her Trial?
Questions on Canada having nuclear weapons?
cool titles on an essay of how terry fox changed canada?
Rough rider interview?
How has Terry Fox strengthened Canada's relationships with the world?
Who is Edward Snowden?
New Rumor with Truth Contest Illuminati Agenda?
what are the duties of the secretary?
Is this how you want your local area to look?
After people wake up to the threat of Islam, what are people supposed to do?
Does David Cameron realise that England is about 5,000 km2 smaller than Lousiana?
Will fracking companies pay to compensate a polluted or exhausted water supply or will taxpayers?
Have you ever heard of a fracking complex the size of a shipping container?
Have there been any recent updates on the No.10 affair scandal?
Was Ariel Sharon, Israel’s Margaret Thatcher?
The day we fight back! Location?
News that the government wants two new garden cities built in the south of England has bean leaked.?
Do Scottish nationalists realise that Scotland will always be in England's sphere of influence?
I've got the feeling that in all Europe there are rumours of revolutions riots against all immigrants?
I need somebody to make me a cover for a wattpad story. Any volunteers?
What do you think of MPs spending thousands of taxpayers money on portraits?
Did Susan Roberts leave wpri 12?
Where is best online source for sharing writing?
How are news articles written on suicide unethical?
How has Katie Couric helped the News and Journalism?
did thatcher treat scotland like a toilet?
Why Fracking is a total disgrace after we find out that ?
what is \bad getaway\ on tumblr?
So why do you think our president did not attend the more recent state funeral?
Why would anyone want a pet python or keep a boa constrictor as a pet?
Will BT be blocking poverty porn with their internet opt-out filters?
A mother was badly beaten up and the daughter goes on facebook before contacting police. Thoughts?
is it time for my meds? who deregulated the banks?
XXX bans sweets at the checkouts, will the other corporates follow ?
O levels or GCSEs:which exam standard failed our kids,now that CEOs claim school leavers cant spell or add up?
Is anyone going to be seing All Time Low on the 21st if March 2014?
Is it true that you can't say you work for the CIA?
fracking, has cameron allowed foreigners to destroy the uk without the need of an army?
What happened to the tamil website, called Tamilflix? It had really good movies...?
Is your first lady more important than your first girlfriend?
Women's Fashion in the news ?
How would you feel if president obama put americans who are sick with the flu into concentration camps?
The Scottish Parliament building costs £141,000 PER MONTH to maintain...is it time to demolish for good?
Was Ariel Sharon Israel's best prime minister?
Is it wrong for a four year old to hear or see the word 'crap'?
What is the best way to engage my audience with social media?
If I subscribe to The Times, will it be delivered early daily?
Is The I a respectable newspaper?
When does a farm become a ranch?
How much compensation is North Africa going to pay Europe for their slave trade?
do you think Film 4 should be showing 'Sixteen Candles' when it plays 'date rape' for laughs?
Im thinking of becoming a contributor on seekingalpha.com; what do you think about that website?
What is the status of Jahi McMath?
Who is this kid and why do they make memes about him?
Which channel will brodcast Ballon D'Or gala ceremony 2013 ?
If Fracking goes wrong who will pay compensation or rebuild homes that are destroyed by the landslip?
How many words are usually in a biography?
World News I should Know about?
Would you be happy to?
full page per day agenda/daily planner suggestions?
How is work I'm on welfare so I don't know what its like I wanted to know?
Why are we just now pulling out of Iraq after a decade?
Journalism degree advice please?
What do you think about Ronan Farrow live tweeting allegations about Woody Allen during the Golden Globes?
Which TV channel will broadcast the 2013 FIFA Ballon D'or in Bulgaria and what time?
what is your view on the whole Madeline McCann story?
The Tories want to encourage fracking so they can tax it, but...?
Whatever happened to Reagan's Star Wars programme?
In which channel it's broadcasting ballon d'or in Indian tv?
which celebrity would make a good president?
where are the documents that Edward Snowden released? Readable copies?
Why is there way to much pollution in Czech?
How i can get shahrukh khan latest news n photo?
How to get rid of Mulayam and Mayawati n their rogue parties from U.P,having ruined U.P in the last 20 years?
fox's can they be friendly?
Do they really think the British people will forget?
A prime reason to overhaul the benefits culture?
How can they carry out fracking when they do not know the long term effects?
Why is there a civil war within a civil war in Syria?
why usa soldier who open fire and killed 4 student in campus was acquitted ? kent massacre?
How can I create a 90-second public announcement?
Do I have to be Mexican to work for telemundo?
What are some technological cons of the invasion of North Korea?
Is this Chris Christie bridge scandal blown way out if proportion? Or is it really that bad.?
How do I get involved with a press junket?
How can i find out if celebrities are doing autographing events?
Is Journalism a good career choice?
What was the point of shutting down the GW bridge?
what channel is a&e on in laredo?
When does NBC Nightly News start!? (EASY 10 POINTS)?
how has terry fox changed cancer research?
What's with FEMA concentration camps?
Why doesn't the news report gory crimes?
Who saved hundreds of black people?
please help with any or all of these questions?
What is the oldest Mental hospital in the united states still in operation?
Why do some people quote the Daily Mail in nearly every question that they ask?
urgent message about the food?
How exactly does Monsanto harm you?
Can the pentagon withstand a direct hit from a nuclear bomb?
Suppose Christy had Replied, as did Hillary...?
Entertainment and the news?
Benefit Cuts related suicides ? What are your opinions?
What id your honest opinion on Miley Cyrus?
how do you view old stories on the yahoo news banner?
Have you ever done a 'double-take' ?
Modern Day examples of a Short temper?
Breaking Bad vs The Walking Dead?
are the modern media trying to get rid of traditional british holidays like christmas?
Which trade should I enter?
Why Iran supplies so much crude oil to Russia?
Does online media include the use of social networks?
is anyone else scared of michelle obama?
how does deadline by chris crutcher relate to the boston marathon bombing?
Please help keep the weather channel on Direct TV?
how come Obama hasn't killed or captured Zawahri yet?
What would England do with Trident?
Why does the UK not leave the country and move everyone to somewhere in Africa.?
If you had a son or daughter and they told you they were marrying a Pakistani Muslim would you attend?
1500-1600's Newspaper?
Any youtube channel about Africa?
How does Atticus follow the golden rule in \To Kill A Mockingbird\?
Will the paras that killed 13 unarmed civilians in Derry on Bloody Sunday ever face justice?
I can't get the local news on yahoo?
How do you work within an environment that welcomes and serves individuals of diverse race,sexual orientation?
Missing thesis statement for media essay?
If you had a son or daughter and they told you they were homosexual and were getting married would you attend?
Who are the rothschilds and why are they so rich?
Do you also kiss your pet?
News article regarding the Chernobyl evacuation?
Will Lenin be brought out of the mausoleum in April ?
What are your thoughts on the legalization of marijuana?
so are you for or against Christians attacking poor Muslims in C.A.R.?
Is it risky any foreign company investing in the USA?
Why are Democrats attempting to throw Gov. Christie under the bus?
Is le flop having another affair for popularity?
Why is racism important locally and nationally?
Abortion for rape victims is ok?
is this camerons blueprint for free schools?
if someone died in january 2012 when is there two year anniversary of dying?
This one is for the good people of the USA. I want to know why the country is divided on Obamacare?
good title for newspaper and article?
Can a woman steal a husband from someone else?
Does anybody Likes miley cyrus anymore ?
350,000 dollars to kill a rhino?
How has the internet transformed media production?
why people get work up about the world ending on February 2 2014?
why people get work up about the world ending on February 2 2014?
Has O'bama Care helped you?
If we ever had to use a Nuclear Subs atomic warheads?
What is the difference between International and Domestic terrorism?
are the tories the real luvvies, if you can fake sincerity.........?
Current event: Does India need dictatorship instead of failed democracy?
Why should we care about school shootings?
How could anyone who wanted peace make comments such as those made by Ariel Sharon?
USA has a new metamaterials satellite, why wouldnt china and russia?
I got an email from Miss Nancy Bahi from Ivory Coast. She asked me to contact Dr. Stephen Hester?
If pevegin is supposed to be such a big \break through\ ,how come it has never been in the news?
What is the political stance of these US newspapers?
News stories about pressured teens?
English language a level coursework. Help?
why movie 55 day in peking about boxer uprising is a commercial disaster?
Is it OK to endanger other people's lives?
Do you think Lee Rigby's widow was surprised to find out about her new man?
why western imperialist put all boxer prisoner to death when they invade peking?
DO YOU THINK ENGLAND WILL BECOME EVENTUALLY?
I alway's thought they were just actors?
\News media IS the conduit from which we receive and interpret events\?
Would prison have been appropriate for the father excused custody to raise his 22nd child?
Why did labour decide it was acceptable to reward criminals with benefits, houses, schools, hospitals etc etc?
What is news photography?
Why didn't she just let them get on with it?
Why did Labour give £67K grant for \green Propaganda\ course for BBC executives?
what is the reason of people liking Alfred Nobel Dynamite ?
where can i watch the documentary matt shepard is a friend of mine?
can i get a psa paper of class 9 held in schools in dehradun n mussorie?
where can i watch the documentary silverlake life the view from here?
is their any app that will make videos smaller to fit on instagram?
why is there such a difference in casualties?
What is the pagibig number of jaypee cordova sicat?
A guy killed himself over being dateless ? Why we haven't heard about women doing the same ?
I called Simon Cowell a watered down hitler in an English exam? Is this really bad?
Next country to invade Afghanistan?
Afghanistan and Superpowers, is it a coincidence or a conspiracy?
is it true that lee kuan yew is a discipline of zhuge liang?
Is anyone good with Open Broadcaster System?
Any latest news for cmj university ye open hogi ke nai ?
Good new celeb leaked videos/pictures?
Do muslims in turkey,iran,Palestine,Pakistan and other Muslim's country pray?
Question about anti-hero?
Has the UN confirmed that Assad was behind the chemical weapons attack.?
WHY do New Orleanians think they were directly impacted by Hurricane Katrina?
local news is not working?
What happened to that aircraft landing on highway case(India)?
When are the popcrush fan choice awards and what channel?
what do you think of the goverment and how they run things?
How did Terry Fox raise awareness, and what effect does it have today?
Is someone selling cheaper tickets to one direction?
Why would Palestinian people celebrate death over life?
why japan continue to fly their own nazi flag when germany already make it a crime to do so?
I dont understand this Christi Traffic jam allegation: can someone explain with minimal detail?
War in the middle east because of oil?
anybody know how many people have graced the cover of time magazine are DEAD NOW..?
Did walter white want to die in breaking bad?
What is Obama going to do if...?
What is the Most Popular website for Broadcasting Live?
I want Yevadu movie Review ramcharan action and 1st day yevadu collections box office?
Ram charan Yevadu Movie review , best movie to find yevadu movie review and first day collections?
Why did the Jewish 'Irgun' begin attacking the Palestinians during the 1930's?
Is today's Israeli Palestine war a holy war?
Why is Atticus the voice of reason in To Kill a Mockingbird?
Does anyone have footage from 1973 of abortion protests?
Why don't stations broadcasting in Spanish broadcast in English on SAP?
Canadian Ice Storm of 1998 Information?
The English monarchy is a burden to the United Kingdom tax payer. Discuss.?
Do you think we should implement Christiancommunistsociety in america?
Is mourning for a war criminal like Ariel Sharon similar to mourning over Cheney?
Free indoor places in Toronto to host a tournament?
What kind of journalist is Maddy Bowen from Blood Diamond?
Do journalists have to be outgoing?
In the tv show hostages, why does the president wants Nina dead and what makes him a bad person?
Who do you Think is the best Female currently in Sports Media?
How can I get more readers on Wattpad?
What goes wrong in the heads of girls who could aid and abet gang rapists?
hi do you think the king rule com back to iran & how in spite of fact i love my country has king?
Is ABC liberal or conservative?
Is this a fair sentence for murdering a pregnant woman?
Should more shopkeepers have self defence training?
Rush Limbaugh: Polar Vortex Conspiracy?
Years ago I watched a documentary...?
How was the picking of the jury for Michael Jackson's 2005 case NOT biased?
What are some famous incidents of a woman assaulting a man?
Define: NT Live Broadcasting?
What are some of the top news around the world today?
What is the top story in the USA news today?
there is a worrying fusion between entertainment and the news.?
What was Ariel Sharon controversial for?
Mark Duggan,just a hyped up drug dealer or pillar of the community?
Why doesn't Milly Molly Mandelson trust the electorate?
Current Crisis in India, About the woman that got raped..? With link..?
EU: the surname of the father can not be touched, this is fathers rights?
Why are millions of Africans turning away from Islam?
What does the fox say?
what is the phrase? the lazy brown Fox jumped over the brown Fox?
Should a big statue of Ariel Sharon be erected in London to honour a great leader ?
Christians targeting Muslims (Sky News story)?
Is Obama laughing at Chris Christie today ?
Name of stage light that focus a sharp beam?
Why does Noam Chomsky think this?
Can you have a \vigil\ for a person who is already dead?
When was the Christie bridge scandal?
Why the hell is Dennis Rodman in North Korea?
Why is the American news media so biased?
Do u think we can rely on the media always?
Who else agrees that A-Rod had it coming to him?
Where do websites, magazines, and newspapers get their TV listings?
Duggan family ,fight for justice ?
so what was the Duggang vigil all about?
Watching Ben Hur reminds me of Cleopatra?
Is Obama concerned about the flu outbreak?
Why are trade unionists joining a 'vigil' for a drug dealing gangsta?
any advice on how to start up an 'avant-garde' school newspaper?
Should the history of slavery be taught to all British school children?
When will dragon ball Z Kai Buu saga be released?
Do you believe the Chinese are goina Bomb Ameeica?
Ideas for a good title for my journal please 10 points!!!!?
Where to find article?
Examples of hatred in the news?
list all the cash crops of west africa?
Was it Sharon or Netanyhu, who (about 10-15 years ago) entered the Muslim Mosque?
why is a masthead at the top of the magazine?
Scottish newspaper name ideas?
what three points for a debate can i use if i am for miley cyrus going insane?
Will England survive without Scotland?
Why a CNN reporter has a smile on his face when reporting about the death of Ariel Sharon?
Did Al Gore really invent Global warming?
Terrorist attack statistics?
how do you ask question on here ?
which bland does Melinda Gates put on?
Any help for an aspiring journalist?
Is it cultural or just a period of adjustment forthese new Europeans?
Is this just UKIP scaremongering or are these new immigrants not going to be the enrichment we were promised?
C.A.R. airlift foreigners out ?
How will history remember the late Ariel Sharon?
When will the video clip of \Midnight Memories by One Direction\ be published?
I do proof reading for a living. Why do people write drivel and expect it to get published?
Is Britain being 'over run' with immigrants? What would constitute it being 'over run'?
I'm looking for a video of a british reporter asking a question 100 times. Anyone remembers?
I want to join national geographic channel?
Is this another case of a doctor taking advantage of his vulnerable patients?
How to write and submission of journal?
Should the law legislate for stupid?
does iraq have internet cencership?
Should SUBO (Susan Boyle) get an ASBO for being an inconsiderate neighbour?
I want to join national geographic channel?
Is Scottish Independence likely at the current moment?
In the same week as the UK soldier killing in London, there were Muslim riots across Sweden; who ordered the?
Vigil to 'celebrate the life' of Mark Duggan? Seriously?
A short timeline on the search for bin laden!!?
Does Saudi take in any of the travelling refugee community or is it only Western Europe and Australia?
If you can't trust the police who can you trust?
Are any non-whites currently in jail for racism in Western Europe?
Too little, too late from Labour?
Do you know your neighbours and their lifestyles?
Is Benefit Street good television?
why is farage hiding now that just 200 bulgarians immigrated to his country?
Yet more slaves in Britain. Is this an unexpected consequence of multiculturalism?
Why do british people pronounce petrol like this?
what is the name of song (songs) in The Highway 16 Disappearances & Murders documentary?
What makes Tom Daley a good diver?
miley cyrus or hitler?
Lil Candy disappeared from the web in May 2013. What it happened to her?
Do still love miley cyrus?
Why does the Middle East hate the West?
Is the Palestinian/Israeli conflict a religious issue or a land issue?
How do media set agenda? Discuss within Pakistani context.?
Government phone tapping?
Which newspapers with high Level of English? And which news television channel belongs to which party?
What do people like to read about?
Where can i find detailed transcripts on a murder case?
What story tittles ideas do you guys have?
Still want to know about Housing in England?
What is Bulgaria and Romania famous for other than?
When the next election is in Britain will you?
Can we have a better warning next time?
what is the summary or what is this article about?
Is the U.S. Government justified in profiling, monitoring, and/or controlling a specific ethnic or...?
Examples of modern television shows or newspaper where people use host’s or writer’s bias as entertainment?
Chinese found evidences of comfort women and Nanjing Massacre?
How is Target going to fall to the ID theft a second time if they were supposed to be taking extra measures?
Why does Japan want to steal a Korean island??? I'm really angry?
Press has a field day with a traffic jam...?
Recent examples of agenda setting and/or media effects in US and UK media?
Is it true that Americans will get a RFID chip by 2017?
Is Tony Russell still the superintendent of FEMA?
Does Obama own all the big media ?
What Website is good for sharing stories?
Need help writing my personal statement on Mass Communication?
Do you consider darts to be a sport?
Why does the news make everything sound more dramatic than it really is?
many Asian countries are worried about Japan, is Japan going to invade anybody again?
Which newspapers in Canada and the US do hipsters read?
why shouldnt we care about our ranks ?
Are journalists well rounded?
Why did Osama bin Laden deny that he and Al Quaeda did the attacks on Sept. 11th, and then reverse himself?
When will Israel and USA attack Iran?
how to i set up donations to chairty and is this a good idea to raise money?
Are Turkish corruption allegations,a help or hindrance ?
If I had been awarded a pension of 5/6 a week in 1918 ?
Why should locals of a nice village be forced to accommodate an enormous?
Is this a good way to spend aid money?
Would conservative author and Fox News contributor Katie Pavlich make a good president?
I have a question on a yahoo story that was recently published?
Creative title for a yearbook spread about pets?
Scottish nationalists: should Russian ships be left to sink in bad weather?
why USA want to spend 1 trillion$ for upgrading nuclear arsenal?
How many times did you take your Driving Test before you passed in the UK?
I want see 9 january 2014 india news chennal 8 pm video in that video pakistani had.shaheed hemraj head?
I have received 3 calls to come into work on AL - this puts a lot of pressure on me, legal the disruption?
What is the name of the guy that narrates Seconds from Disaster on the National Geographic Channel?
Can i see india news chennal 9 january 2014 8 pm video?
In fact,what is the Real US hostility against Iran?
if a journalists news van is stolen on duty and they report it to the police is that on or off the record?
What will happen to Afghanistan, Pakistan, Kashmir & India after withdrawal of US army from Afghanistan ?
Has the PC scaring a photographer been identified?
Do you think it is unconstitutional for the media to be prevented from reporting that they are being...?
Where can I find the commercial that airs currently on News Channel 8 for?
Do you have confidence in our Police service?
He didn't do much work then did he?
did free media told the public that they make a lot of money during election fever?
Why does Noam Chomsky think Hamas are better suited to a peace deal than US / Israel?
i can't access comments on news articles why?
why land & buildings cannot be treated as current asset?
Why do European navies rescue boatloads of grown African adults daily, instead of asking the UN to rescue and?
Londoners, what are your impressions of the police?
Why don't people reply to job advertisements?
Is there any website where you can get the latest technology news?
Did they come up 911 after as the police number after 9/11?
U.S. embassy photo,tweet about civil war anger SL military. Is pressure mounting up?
Mark dacascos documentary about miyamoto musashi? question below?
who is Miss Bella Kayumba in Senegal refugee camp in Dakar?her parents and where did she come from in Africa?
Website that helps freelance journalist send query letters?
Why are the BBC News presenters fiddling with Biros as they read the Autocue?
Why some present British women are converting to Islam in Britain?
Is it true that in dakar senegal there is a refugee camp?
was President Obama born in Africa ?
Would it be wise to MINOR in Broadcast Journalism?
Does any European government or president want the death penalty reinstated?
Why do many people say just \Korea\ when indicating North Korea?
Will marijuana sales in Colorado affect legalization in other states?
how did terry fox raise cancer awareness?
Which TV channel will broadcast the 2013 FIFA Ballon D'or Gala in the United States?
How did Terry Fox raise cancer awareness?
What is the theme music for Justice w/ Judge Jeanine Pirro?
Why do people make such a big deal of everything?
The Cursing Toddler has been all over the news and how did you react to this story and why do you think it has?
IN MOST OF MUSLIM COUNTRIES THERE IS UNREST DUE TO SECTARIAN REGIONAL NORCOTIC AND THEIR OWN PEOPLE KILLED?
Why is it that rapist and murders?
If Thomas Jefferson was alive, how would he feel about Al-Jazeera America?
Will Sports Net L.A (New Dodger channel) be on Direct T.V?
Most influential person to change sex appeal in media?
a channel for WWE in India and many other countries ? is that what authority said last week ?
What is the only country the United States has officially declared war agaist more than once?
What do you think about the radiation reaching valid coasts?
Whatever happened to the Puerto Rico statehood movement?
thesis statement for 1877 railroad strike?
What did the 911 terrorists use as an excuse to blame it on the Muslim faith?
Would you rather live in north korea or somalia?
Is it true that January has changed to Januany?
'charles augustus milverton' are there no depths the bbc wont go to damage english literature?
What media works are similar to Dr.Jekyll and Mr.Hyde?
what are the prices for the anime expo at Los Angeles?
What are cool ideas for a one sentence a day journal?
When I read English Newspaper, Magazine, Novels & Story Books, I fully understand.?
What is a good way to start a personal essay?
When did the Manson Family get caught & sent to jail> What date?
Do you think it'll snow in the UK this year?
Why are the cable news channels all bias?
Is there any gaming events in the UK?
Is this the mentality that engulfs the ranks of the Israeli military?
Where can I find some local or national news from good website to print out Thanks?
I refer to the article here?
Why does the media give Katie Hopkins so much air time?
Why did Rachel Scott want to get shot at Columbine High School?
Should Chris Christie resign because of the scandal rocking New Jersey?
Ever notice that the news is sooo fake!?
Should all eligible voters in the UK be fingerprinted to avoid problems?
Should the Duggan Family be told to go away and hang their heads in shame?
What huge things happened in the time period of 1912-1996?
How can I select only specifc news sources?
Why are the BBC not impartial at all why should the public pay for it?
Who is the strongest person you know, and why?
what channel and time can I watch the 2014 Brit Awards in America on Directv?
What is in the neews tooday, in the alternate reality?
Are you ashamed that the UK government has betrayed the Commonwealth yet again?
How long will it be before you can continue to file extended unemployment benifits in indiana?
Definition of Cannibal? (The one around 1970s)?
Are British people \afraid\ of that Romanians will invade their country soon?
Will warming will cause another polar vortex next winter?
Why muhajirs (muslim refugees from india) in pakistan are treating bad?
Any ideas on how I can present a psychology therapist career in a mock magazine/newspaper article?
Can someone explain this \lane closure\ scandal I keep hearing about in the news?
What motivates people to apply for jobs?
What channel are THE 2014 Brit Awards?
Truth behind flight 93?
How often do you forget to engage brain and then think \OMG,did I say THAT ?
Is there a real publicist?
Will you please answer some questions about an audience research in media?
Do you think Chris Christie wanted the lane closures?
What does accreditation at music festivals mean?
is there any contest to win tickets 4 the grammy 2014,& a trip?
Sri Lankan repatriates Unsettled still,where the crux of the problem lies?
Which political party in Britain is nearest to?
what do you think of a Radio station linked in to?
Osbourne on minimum wage?
Auto bioygraphy of newspaper?
Is trouble in terrorist town free download?
Help prove pitbulls are not dangerous pls?
Is it possible that Dennis Rodman isn't merely an idiot, but a Spy too?
Larry stylinson confusion,help!?
does anyone have any information on this PLEASE HELP?
what are the likely problems, if those who earn less do not pay National Insurance, nor do their employers?
Was Hillary Clinton ever fired by Jerry Zeifman for lying?
is there a way to callany ofthe big time rush guys?
Why is reporting CSR in annual reports important and what theories/ frameworks can back this up?
should Fergus Wilson receive a knighthood for evicting existing tenants to house the influx of migrant workers?
is decrypted bill theory real?
Is Tony Blair still the middle east peace envoy ?
1973, which former PM, regarded his greatest achievement as securing Britain's entry into the EU?
Did the nigerian sheep human baby survive?
which prime minister conceived the ECHR, should we thank him and hitler?
Who is winning in syria? Rebels or Assad?
For the past several weeks, loading company news is slow in coming up on the screen. why?
What is the current relationship Between England and Palestine?
How pleased are you, that you are NOT an armed police officer today...?
What do you think about the Devyani Khobragade case?
Where are they all being housed is what I wonder?
Oh dear, time to shut JD Sports again?
Would attract more tourists in London?
What do you make of the fashion industry wanting men to dress like this?
When I read English Newspaper, Magazine, Novels & Story Books, I fully understand.?
Was Chris Smalling's joke quite funny in fact?
Met a European today pushing Leaflets through Letterboxes?
how usa citizen feel with their govt who is the major supporter of terrorism(funding, training, weapon)?
Was Duggan the leader of the gang in his area ?
Is the A.C.A. AKA Obama-care fine constitutional?.?
Where can you watch the Full WWE Network Announcement that showed live Wed Night?
Were you impressed by Mark Duggan's aunt's speech to the media?
Why fo people thunk US gold reserves are empty?
can i actually make a youtube channel about this?
what are the different clients in the event industry?
Where can i find best evidence sandy hook shooting was a hoax?
Why were Israeli soldiers watching Israeli settlers attacking Palestinian homes and school?
Why are there so many pakis on CBC?
this is getting ridiculous?
what are the trials and tribulations in tv networking in programme perspectives?
Battery!! Court case!!?
Tamil Nadu Temples Famous for century old Idols but Notorious for idol robbery.Whom to Blame?
Should Burqa be banned?
is it true mae young was took off life support?
what channel is Arang on comcast Virginia?
What is a beautiful female fox name?
The media does not influence us?
Why is this happening ALL the time in music? it's reactionary.....?
What are ways to figure out where and when Supernatural conventions are?
What is it like in North Korea?
Where do I sign up or find out to become a camera man on Discovery Channel?
help whats going to happen to foster farms?
What kids channel was this?!?
What is a situation where someone might be restricted from exercising this freedom completely?
what happened in history around Dec. 2009?
Why did International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers protest in Seattle in 1999?
Looking for an article regarding a recent news topic from 20th Century?
Where to find cybersecurity news?
What does it take to post a comment on yahoo' news site?
A question about Bill O'reilly.?
how do you get in the news?
How will Kejriwal make education cheap for children in Delhi where education is costliest. Will he open cheap?
Sgt Tony Wallace - Has anybody watched the video, or did we all just read the Daily Mail?
I'm making a documentary about a local soccer team, I need some advice.?
Do you know someone in America who has an apartment, is able-bodied, and just lives on welfare alone?
Will there be violence after news of Zimbabwean leader Robert Mugabe's death is announced ?
tony gave abby 30 clips abby has twice as many as tony how many do.they.have all together?
Does the media influence our opinions on war too much ?
Why are CNBC ratings so low?
Who is the author of this article? (From The Times)?
Our we having a flu outbreak ( epidemic )?
Do you think this is of interest to the media.?
What made Dennis Rodman so mad during his CNN interview?
Are they innocent or guilty thieves?
Should drones be used on potential rioters ?
historical events around October 2004?
If rioters and looters run amok endangering the public should the police shoot them ?
I know I am late, but is kony dead?
Can you use celebrity Instagram pictures on websites if cited?
did any companies or any other major thing benefit from the superbowl?
Can you really get murdered if you know where Obama was born?
Isn't it shocking just how much Britain has declined?
What is currently happening in the Gaza Strip?
Should police use water cannons ,teargas and rubber bullets on rioters ?
Why do most countries ban smoking in public places?
TV reporter audition?
Is this world weird or what?
can not view fox news vedio?
Aaron Hernandez: Guilty or Innocent?
Are riots going to return to London?
Did 29 million Romanians and Bulgarians enter London this past month?
Would you say this is a newsworthy story about this person?
If the UK police know that you carry a gun and they stop you, who should fire first?
Will Kim Jong Un do Dennis Rodman a solid and let the American sentenced to 15 years of hard labor out of?
saddam hussein paper?
Why are more and more countries/ people boycotting Israel?
Why there is war in the MiddleEast always?
Do you find this guide on how to survive -40 degree temperatures helpful?
Republicans I have a ?
Why can't people see that Obama's push for socialism is threatening the planet?
Should I send my passport by courier to a company for visa process ?
I want to be a news anchor when I'm older can you help me with this question?
Why does only the left side of videos show?
Are there any social media websites based around the idea of sharing your own music?
Is there going to be not very civil unrest again tonight in Totteham?
Does 'The Atlantic' have a conservative or liberal slant?
Reminded yet again about the nasty Germans?
WHY WAS IT RACIST IN BRITAIN IF IT WAS MENTIONED?
What do you make of this drug related reverse looks degeneration?
Which celeb would you most like to see berried?
What Is Hosni Mubarak Doing Now?
Why doesnt Police and MPs in Britain Show an example?
Do you agree that Mark Duggan was LAWFULLY killed?
First English newspaper in India?
Should Britain exert some pressure in the EU to allow it to put caps on other EU citizens emigrating to Britai?
What do you think of the Qatar World Cup being moved to winter?
Can someone lead me to an expert on the lack of medical care in Congo?
When we have so many people coming into our country?
Why were the Grillo sisters acquitted of stealing from Nigella & Saatchi?
Scottish nationalists: do you agree with the words of the American poet Alice Duer Miller?
Should Dennis Rodman defect to North Korea?
BAFTA's: \British\ Film up for awards starring George Clooney and Sandra Bullock?
can u give me any article?
Why are the French authorities checking the vid. on Schumacher's helmet?
Why are the British public so oblivious to domestic institutional corruption ?
Why when they say that Paul Goggins was a good man and that Parliment will miss him?
why does people become glad when they see conflicts on news?
Have you ever heard anything so foolish in all your life?
Does the new \moderate\ regime in Iran still execute kids?
Can you give me a statement of the problem for death penalty?
The Ashes: Last Night of The Poms?
The Ashes (more like Coffin): Why is Andy Flowers (coach) ducking responsibility for the debacle?
Were Channel 4 right to show the TV programme \benefits street\?
does the.university of Texas journalism department have a really good reputation?
Am I the only one fed up with the news constantly telliing us it's going to rain?
If fertiliser and diesel get mixed together why does it blow up and wouldnt farmers use it for terrorism?
How much should you charge for an article you write?
Should voters have to produce photographic ID at the polls?
Has the law relating to using phones whilst driving been scrapped?
What is your idea about society IRAN?
Should OAPs be forced to pay the bedroom tax?
9/11 New York Cops and Firemen fleece the disability system of millions and?
I need a title for my article?
Y did Osama bin laden cause 911 for?
How do Somali Pirates find the ships they attack?
How do Somali Pirates find the ships they attack?
iPad Air Case from http://www.demoncase.com reliable ?
Could someone please explain to me this asylum seeking in Australia?
what kind of weapon is patty hearst holding in the picture where she is standing in front of the s.l.a flag?
Good Heading Ideas for a Newspaper Article?!?
What is the tone of this article?
how can the govenor declare a drout?
What are some good books which critically examine media or culture?
Will the Tonight Show still do Headlines every Monday when Jimmy Fallon takes over?
I'm looking to be an intern for my local newspaper,help:? I'm 15?
What is the mood of two kinds by Amy tan?
how much is kennedy's assassination on the local news paper worth?
Why do people laugh or smile at horrific news nowadays?
What are some ideas to do for my 20th birthday?
what war are we fighting right now?
A plane passenger recently slapped a crying toddler. What would U do if this man lived near you?
Who are the 6 GOP senators who voted for cloture today? 1/7/14?
Good Audio Editors???
Is my documentary idea a good one?
What would MSNBC do without FOX?
Should we make the Royal Navy the greatest navy on earth again?
Why do people in the news only talks about politics?
How are smoking bans unconstitutional?
What dose the fox say a normal fox?
Can the Syrian Red Cross cross the frontlines between the govt. forces and rebel-controlled areas?
Why should we give up freedom for security?
what site or sites are best to post up pictures and videos to gain the most hits and attention on?
Remember when cold and hot weather was not treated like a major news story in the 1970s?
Lexar or SanDisk which is better?
is robert downey jr influential?
How does one use rhetorical strategies to assert their augrument about the nature of shame in society?
How to get Anna's on appnanas?
What are 2 questions I should ask for current events?
Why is marijuana given a bad reputation?
Why is there a double standard for freedom of speech of the religious?
Why am I blocked from the comment forum on the news feed?
Why wasn't Vladamir Putin awarded the Nobel Peace Prize and/or make the cover of Time Magazine in 2013?
Will Polar Vortex be one of the words of the year 2014 like Derecho Storm was in 2012?
Will an independent Scotland help the rUK to defend the Falklands Islands?
Why Won't My Story on Fan Fiction Show in the Archive?
I'm asking about the fukushima disaster in 2011?
How can I contact the media for info on a 'famous' person?
Will the Assad goernment get credit for disposing of its WMD's?
is the hindu newspaper available in jaipur?
why am I only getting the first 5 news feeds and the rest show up blank when I schroll thru?
Will we in the UK get a taste of the bad weather currently in the US and Canada?
what do you think is the most negative aspect of the media?
What are the best newspapers online and offline in the country?
Do you think the New York Times is the best newspaper in the country and why?
What are the best rennovation channels, and where can I find the best information about rennovations?
Are the bums in the US safe or will they freeze on the streets ?
What Would You Like To See A Youtube Channel About?
TERRORISM IN IRAK PLEASE HELP 10 POINTS!!?
What is today's date?
Does Israel show hypocrisy against Iran?
Photos, videos of the UFO which interrupted air traffic for 3 hours in Bremen airport?
Should motorway speed limit be reduced to 60mph?
Boris Bike cyclist deaths soar: should cyclists be licensed similar to motorists?
Are you happy to pay for Michelle Obama's extended vacation in Hawaii?
has anyone got any chips?
A question about Chris Hayes on MSNBC?
Has the sunni v shia war spread from Syria to Iraq ?
Will the polar vortex in the U.S.A reach south east England or any part of the UK?
Have you heard of a pub being used as a court room for criminal hearing?
is boris johnson the major for higher taxation or does he hate motorists?
Is Being an RSPCA Inspector Good?
Where can I find some archive footage?
Is the federal government and Senate closed today because of the cold weather the East Coast is having?
Why are Iraqi tanks surrounding Fallujah?
is law correct: Iranian drug kingpin Mahmood Koorangi avoids deportation as it would breach his human rights?
is vogue plaza a reliable website?
Where can I find a DJ Mag TOP?
why are responsible bankers JP Morgan repaying $1.7 billion in Madoff case?
Can someone please tell me information about summer camps near south florida? For summer 2014?
is this the type of britain the tories desire, business is business, is it not?
I need an urdu story on the topic as you sow so shall you reap?
Politics and Government. Will/can the Taliban in Pakistan defeat the Pakistan army?
What type of journalist gets to visit other countries?
The daily news headlines list 30 headlines but I only receive five. Why?
Is Obamacare going to cover Medical marijuana?
Gibraltar: British or Spanish?
With 77% of people wanting lower immigration what proportion of the other 23% are likely to be... Immigrants?
want download kumudam reporter from nov 2012 to feb 2013 ?
who is Michael Jackson?
Do you have sympathy for this missing Pakistani girl?
Taliban use 10 year old girl as suicide bomber BBC news ?
Need help for Media Class?
Which channel is broadcasting the FIFA Ballon D'or 2013 LIVE in India?
Are you impressed by Dennis Rodman's Public Relations stunt in North Korea?
Do alterations or amendments to the US Constitution require ratification by 3/4 of States to be legal?
Do you respect those who defend the Constitution?
Sad I'm missing out on great social media?
Is science the new threat to humanity?
who is our prime minister?
why taiwan are eager to sign tpp pact when majority of american people has no idea about tpp?
Who is our president?
Is a prison riot any different from \an incident of concerted indiscipline\?
would usa allow foreign nation to build their military base in usa soil as sign that they are equal ally?
is it true that google is a usa spy agency?
Can we submit article in newsvine.com?
Is india a really bad country ? What is your opinion ?
Please suggest some dramatic titles for a biography of a live person.?
what is the current situation in South Sudan?
zodiac killer. was the zodiac killers bomb ever found?
What do I do with a diary I don't need?
Has anything changed since Steve Biko died?
If you could invent a holiday... what would it be?
whats the story behind the old guy who slapped a baby( that was of no relation) on a plane?
Why is North Korea more accessible to foreign journalists than Tibet ?
Is this true(must read).?
Why am I obsessed with murder?
what is famous TV program in iraq?
why does the national news always talk about east coast weather?
What's the situation in Iraq and Syria?
Is Merkel showing solidarity with Schumy, breaking her hip?
Can someone explain to me the NSA scandal? I've been living under a rock.?
Why does palestine want 1967 pre-War borders?
Is anyone else worrying it seems an all out global nuclear war feels like its about to happen?
What about the India election... ?
Good articles on the War of 1812?
Should i worry of overpopulation in 2050?
What happened to Christine Bolden's boys?
What ever happened to KONY 2012?
How do sex crimes justice system different these day than it was in history?
Watching Fox news right now...?
Michelle Obama cost tax payers another?
trying to find obituary for gretchen hively from springhill florida?
Why did Obama support the Libyan rebels?
I want the newspaper deliveries to stop. Should I sue?
Obama Blasts Republicans from Hawaii for going home for the Holidays...?
Your views on the censorship in the media?
why was farage so blatantly wrong about the 30 million bulgarians?
How was the Pearl Harbor attack an important event in American history?
Are they going to shutdown the government again, any time soon?
What would happen if Dennis Rodman won against North Korea in basketball?
Press Conference Question?
What would America do if a country such as Syria or North Korea developed a missile capable of reaching the US?
why did david wire leave wthi and what channel did he go too?
China destroys 6 tons of illegal ivory!?
What are some events that the Pearl Harbor attack led to?
whats the purpose of a government report?
i just started skyrim and i cant go into the village because people attack me?
I got news of the world ending?
does anyone know if there is anywhere in south dakota where the internet has been down since new years eve?
Why did they make the Trayvon Martin George Zimmerman Poltical and Groups, Media Intended to Cause Division?
So who else is happy about the syrian army getting the upper hand against the terrorists today?
need info of timmithy jeff miller of franklin indiana somethen tht happen between 1996-98 where togo for free?
Is the controversial French comedian, Dieudonne, a Muslim?
what is the role of the media as as a gatekeeper?
How much money did Shingeki no Kyojin (Attack on Titan) make?
what affect does media have on child abuse?
what affect does media have on child abuse?
Why should immigrants pay tax if they can't benefit from state benefits?
When will humanity invent a pillow that will always stay cold?
What should I write a story about?
Have your read the new Rolling Stone article? Is this satire?
plane crash was in michigan about 20 years ago one little girl survived. what television show was she supposed?
Is Fanbiz a reliable source?
Does anyone remember a documentary and how things began narrated by a british actor?
What is the best documentary?
Will Scottish nationalists feel guilty about consigning the Union Jack to the dustbin?
Is this disgusting, sordid landlord the true face of Tory England?
PLEASE HELP!!! I need an Article?
why america says that irans nuclear bombs threat world peace while america has some?
ObamaCare? What has this country come too?
are penguin readers useful?
Does this lad's tears touch your heart?
writing an article about environmental issues?
What is wrong with Yahoo News. It is 3 days late.?
What will £20 a week buy in 2020?
Will there be a Brokeback Mountain marathon on the Hallmark Channel?
Which uk newspapers are pro police and which are anti police?
Why did North Korea say the found a herd of Unicorns?
What percentage of Europeans support the death penalty?
Have the UK courts become nothing more than an occupational hazard for criminals?
Does anyone else think that it's amazing what Denis Rodman is doing in North Korea?
How many years should burglars get?
Why do people begrudge any benefits that pensioners like me receive?
Do you agree with him?
Is Bill O'Reilly the greatest journalist of all time, or is that a myth?
I am on the road to Abuja, is this a correct sentence.?
In the UK, will nurses or teachers have better pensions?
is the ending to cell a hate crime against readers?
How to write a letter to the editor of a news highlighting the bad condition of the street and heavy traffic.?
will God put a stop to the flooding in Britain or is this Gods wrath we see on the earth?
Why doesn't the UK government directly pay landlords of DSS tenants?
North Korea madness...?
Yesterday, two injured, one killed, could the two perpetrators be 'al qaeda'?
Should Ronnie Biggs ashes be scattered at the crime scene?
Do you believe Kim Jin Un actually had his uncle & associates put to death by dogs attacking them?
Holyfield is a very religious, born-again Christian. Do you think its right to admonish him publically for his?
liberals and conservatives refuse to take news from their political opponent news network. what is ...........?
Is Noam Chomsky Right?
What do you think of the Evander Holyfield remark that homosexuality \ain't normal\?
could someone try to bribe usa media to censor negative news /bad publicity about their business?
What is the best video of the year 2013?
where can I find a news feed reader that will keep me updated by the hour?
1500 jobs to go at Flood Defences (Defra).....good thinking Vatman?
The Osama Bin Laden photo is fake, but why isn't a real one published?
How can America win the War against terror?
Okay, Hussein Obama now abandons Iraq, was it all worth it, and is he right?
How to make sample questionnaire on consumer awareness on newspaper?
Is the UN arms treaty a hoax?
What do you do as a journalist?
Why is Michelle Obama allowed to return from Hawaii separately from the President at taxpayer expense?
How was the Arapahoe colorado shooter able to get his gun?
What should I write about?
(POLL) Europeans who support the death penalty please answer?
what are good and cheap priced spaces to throw a college party with dancing?
How do news stations get information so quickly?
What is Al Qaeda doing now?
whatever happened to my appeal on dec 6 2013?
What is your evaluation of the current Obama administration?
why did the kyoto conference take place?
A lot of people signed up for the Affordable...?
Do you need a journalism degree to be a newspaper reporter?
Under Sharia law if driving car?
Who is the Stain Guy?
Do you think my drawings are appealing?
Rob Ford Scandal Summery?
Is Paul Walkers Death A Hoax?
i have been arrested for non payment of council tax. will this go against me on a crb?
Does Russia pose a threat to the UK?
What celebrities died from speed related deaths?
Is Michael Schumachers condition worse than Richard Hammonds condition after his crash?
Who's ready for a New World Order?
Early prison release scandal: Will nine killers and 183 sex offenders be free in less than two years?
What factors make Terrorism a concern to citizens?
What has been your highlight for 2013 and why?
How much did a newspaper cost in 1975?
Is nation cyber bullying satisfying?
Why yahoo likes to post Kim Kardashian's news ?
Are People Magazine and US Weekly reliable sources? If so, how?
Where can I find an archive of New York American online?
even if a writer addresses the counterargument in an article can the article still be considered biased?
Did Mitt Romney do the honorable thing by accepting the apology of the TV host's racist comment?
how can i get out out from under this oppression and get someplace good?safe?
Legalize marijuana? Yes or No?
what does the fox say?
Summarize this article for me?
does bill cosby own the broadcast rights to song of the south in the u s a?
Three current conflicts in the Middle East that are someway related?
Why don't Americans iron and clean their clothes instead of going to the Dry Cleaners?
Why America still use the old measuring system?
Was today's Plane Crash in Colorado big or just a small jet with only a few people on it?
If you don't watch television or have a TV do you still have to pay a TV tax in the UK?
where can i watch Tech events online Like CES 2014 ?
do you think anything will ever happen in North Korea to free the people?
Why the anger, it's more relevant today than it ever was?
how do i write a conclusion for a biography?
How does the Watergate Scandal fit with the theme of 'Rights and Responsibilities'?
Why shouldn't UK pensioners be financially protected they are the ones who have paid in al their lives?
Miley Cyrus and Amanda Bynes!!!?
Are Farmer Almanacs reliable?
911 was it INSIDE JOB ?
If Muslims came to your door to tell you about their religion would you kindly decline or let them in for chat?
What r some fun things to write about in my journal?
So can this prediction be true?
shouldn't Al Gore be a good sport and help the people of the northeast shovel snow?
Since grit is a characteristic of immigrants from developing or poorer countries?
News on the Mokele-Mbembe?
English people: are you in favour of border controls if Scotland becomes independent?
starting a magazine.?
Where do i get the latest technology news ?
How do I start Diane 35?
How old is Zhang Juncai?
UK has fewer doctors per person than Bulgaria and Estonia, should we employ party planners to fill the vacanci?
Britain Isn't Eating, says Church Action on Poverty campaign, is this why the tories do not do society?
How do you get more tumblr followers?
What problems/issues do America have with China or China have with America in current times ?
Are you watching Catch Me If You Can on BBC2?
bnp nick griffin bankrupt, should we trust him with the nations finances?
Australia crush England to seal 5-0 whitewash, is cameron a Jinx?
Paedophile vicar, 46, facing jail after admitting having 8,000 vile child abuse and animal porn images, are?
How i can know shahrukh khan latest news where he is, n photo bt not from twitter n Facebook?
HELP please? It's due tomorrow.?
What is a controversial thesis i could argue about MKULTRA?
where can i get current affairs that are simplified and illustrated?
Why is Yahoo giving this woman airtime?
Dr David Kelly murdered?
how much value is the stars and stripes newspaper about Kennedy assassination 1963? Have Nov.24-28,Dec.6?
Should migrants have to wait 5 years for benefits as suggested or is the current 3 month wait fairer and?
So giving money to Africa is making things worse?
can the right wing explain why Cameron is giving £2m in aid to Argentina, as South Americans launch?
What is Media measurement and how does it work?
cameron has lost 35% of tory supporters, did he really think he could fool all of the people all of the time?
why are tories Subsidising and inflating housing, when 1st time buyers need £31k deposit, those who can afford?
should cambridge university dumb down to allow a royal student?
Why do real ale snobs always seem to think Guinness is fantastic?
will dailyfail readers feel better: NHS bosses say wearing fat suits can make you sympathise with the obese?
Are you uneasy about Polish shops selling strange food and beer?
what channel will this TV be on in Knoxville tenn?
would you order this burger with fries?
The EU is now subsidising Spaghetti Farms all over Europe?
Random: Does Jurassic Park actually stand up to scrutiny?
why can't people have their own controlled Media?
What do you think about people who live by the sea?
why is youth unemployment bad?
was walt disney a massive racist as I heard,?
what are challenge facing islamic bank operation on operatio aspect?
how to write event that happend since she left school in late february?
Who is advertising on Inside cover of Events Mag in Mail on Sunday?
What is the point in complaining to the PCC?
hunger games based newspaper names??
Guys what is black friday?
How does parents feel when seeing this happening in Britain havent seen it anywhere in USA?
Should I start a literary magazine?
Is there a CES for the general public?
WE HAD TO WORK THEN IN BRITAIN AFTER THAT BRITAIN WAS DOWN THE DRAIN.?
Music for relief for philippines?
Do you like the giving of storms people's names?
Am I really the first to solve the Salinas Crop Circle math puzzle?
Why do infomercials say \no CODs\, isn't that obsolete?
What is media networking?
what is the implication of vegetarianism?i have a report tommorrow i always lurking in web.i need someone help?
What are some fun things to write about in personal journal?
if jfk assassins were dicovered today would anybody want to know?
When will I receive my package with this blizzard?
Link to my writing..?
Conspiracy theory on why Madeleine McCann was abducted?
Rolf Harris: Do you think he's guilty?
Journalists and / or Journalism Students. How is Journalism working out for you guys and is it a good major?
Is it still a new age?
Why does the news in general rarely ever report good news when there's plent?
Do people still watch MSNBC?
if you could go back in time and change one historic event what would it be?
What if almost every news story?
do you think there are truly more then 1000 human beings with a sadistic personality that get there jollys off?
News about heavens lost property??? season 3 coming out?
Which white country will host White Pride Day in 2014?
i hear about www.yehek.com.pk and many peopels said its very much popular website in pakistan is it true ?
Why does the yahoo news feed not work?
Why are there still nuclear plants?
Tertorist Attacks.......?
How do i get into uk politics?
Classification of educational media?
What are some good fandom blogs on Tumblr?
Scarborough problems?
Who else agrees with the Tiger Mom?
Would anyone agree that capital punishment is very controversial because no one can agree on it?
Is Easy Rider a controversial movie? I mean with it's 60's counterculture subject?
What is the site called that you watch free videos and learns about education materials?
How do you feel about the nuclear disaster in Japan affecting the northern hemisphere?
Have there been any interesting stories in the Daily Mail today?
Did the pope help to plan 9/11?
Will terrorists use nuclear weapons on the US?
Why would murder suspects get bail?
Do you fear Allah when you crack open a bottle of wine?
Will the debate between Ken Ham and Bill Nye be recorded?
Why do leftists waste so much money trying to save dying languages like Welsh and Gaelic?
Why do people think that saving $400 a month is impossible?
1st degree battery case question!!!?
Do you Believe in Newtown Conspiracy Theory?
Dan Carlin Podcast #49?
What channel is nbc ?
Do you like diversity? Do you think that Diversity Is The Spice Of Life?
How do I cite a CNN video in MLA format?
Why don't Muslim women, especially in the Middle East fight for freedom?
Why is Bill Nye going to debate creationism?
what channel is cbs in elwood indiana?
Is it weird to have a crush on Putin?
Will there ever be a Hispanic president of the US?
What is a current event involving freedom of speech? I?
Why did Lee James(killer of Bijan Ebrahimi) got only 18 years Jail while Ian Watkins 35 years?!?
Current attitudes in modern Israel and Palestine?
Al Qaeda are in control of large parts of Fallujah, Iraq?
How do you get lots of votes online?
Is Pope Francis involved in reaching out to other religions?
Why is Press TV censored in the UK ?
Are you against Muslim bank accounts in the UK or respect their right to not pay interest?
Who has more integrity Rachel Maddow or Bill O'Reilly?
Will anyone ansswer the question I wrote yesterday in psychology about Kate Garraway?
Does Oberon-Media out of business?
how can i change media visit police case then?
Do I have what it takes to be a sports journalist/editor?
Has anyone been to a marijuana dispensary in Colorado? What was it like?
do the kids at columbine still hate eric and dylan?
what is on air presence?
Why does Allan Williams want his commission?!?
I happened to turn on the T.V.last night and the recent Coca Cola ad, caught my attention.?
Are Scottish nationalists ashamed of the way their country has treated northern England?
Obama wants to remove vending?
To Editorial Writers: Is my title appropriate for the Editorial Column?
Random: Does the Godfather (film) really stand up to close scrutiny?
How can I make my magazine more interesting?
Formulate a catchy title and hypothesis, and field visit plan for my investigative journalism proposal?
Should he employ the Lockerbie killers doctors? OJ seeking pardon to die at home...?
how can i do work in fox traveller from bangladesh?
Was his job advertised at the Jobscentre? Or is it another cash in hand job via a gang master?
Doth she protest too much? No silly surname for her little Bear?
what do we mean by on air presence?
Where will they go next? Obese suits for thin staff so they 'empathise with obese patients' ?
What do you think of this article?
Plausibility of an Africa high command?
What do you think about the Matthew Shepard's story?
Would you pew jump to get your kids into a good school?
Why are the Portuguese police being criticised? Wasn't it the mccanns who were pushing?
Brazil or Denmark who would win in a war?
Why is the McMath family not willing to accept that their daughter is dead?
What is all this oil on the road near the Paul Walker crash ?
why usa media is trying to keep people in dark about economic meltdown in usa?
So now that obama's administration has given Iraq back to alqeada?
would you agree that an exhibitionist tramp such as cyrus must surely reach her use by date?
Where can I find some information about Fukushima that is based on science rather then media hype?
Has the Daily Mail become the UK's Bible?
And still we send millions in aid..?
Do you trust the Environment Agency to restore ancient woodlands?
why warren buffer refuse to donate half of his asset to people while he still alive? he was afraid of poverty?
So Sad.....................................a Rock n Roll legend has gone?
why usa govt hide the failure of nsa to detect terrorist group to set petrol bomb on chinese consulate?
We want lie detector taking in public to see if obama is really osama and if not did he really kill him?
Environment agency to sack 1500 - how long before some charlatan farts about 'doing more with less?'?
brief summary of the situation in syria?
Is Scameron regretting letting his Nigella fetish out of the bag?
did 747's go through the twin towers on 911?
Is Rachel Maddow, Chris Mathews, and Sgt. Shultz the voice of main stream media?
What channel is BBC for soccer on time warner cable?
Greats die young? Seems like a pattern?
What king of blogs are popular nowadays? and how do blogs make money?
What does the US think of the Woolwich killing?
Why do reporters go into bad weather?
Why can't anyone start a cable TV channel anymore?
Mail News Sports Finance Weather Games Groups Answers Screen Flickr Mobile More omg! Shine Movies Music TV He?
Which cerlbertiy die in January 2014?
cuts to welfare recipiants?
I received a call from... Nepal? In Greece?
What is the UN arms treaty and is it likely to pass?
Ethnic producers and directors... Help!??!?
Help making a Broadcasting Resume.?
why do national news channels say their national but only focus on NY or the east and west coast?
Old mastercard commercial about discovering oneself, does this sound familia??
What does the fox say?
When did the state start collecting newborn DNA?
During the Muslim persecution of Hindus, what was the response from the other countries to the mass killings?
What do you think of someone who wears a Rolex?
Will Kim feed all his prisoners to the hungry dogs ?
Regarding the vending machines and Obama?
Effects on Canada from the war of 1812?
When ramsey scored , died a famous person?
What major events occurred in 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, and 2009 that affected lots of people?
What is your opinions on the Muslim babies please?
Why is Snapchat worth $3 Billion to Facebook?
Why don't we have the death penalty (UK)?
Do you think freedom of association and free speech are important?
accident in quinlan tx. 12-30-2013?
Should we give 16 and 17 year olds a referendum to see whether they actually want the vote?
Is there any website i can use to make a news article?
Predictions said for 2014 by famous guy?
If food is so easy to produce, why do countries go hungry?
What do you think of my political cartoons for a zine I'm making?
Where can I find pictures of these two murder victims?
What is your conclusion about serial killer Edmund Kemper?
are people that life on the east coast of California gonna die OR get cancer OR will they be fine?
are the people on the east coast are in danger now?
Should Snowden be exonerared as a whistle-blower?
As of Jan 1st 2014, what are the current state of marijuana laws in Washington State?
How does the Hamas relate to the Six Day War?
What would the world look like today if Hitler had finished the job he started?
I want to go over to a country and help!?
Do you think Kim Jong Un fed his uncle to 120 starving dogs or do you think its probably untrue?
Is it true, as portrayed in the movie, that Jodi Arias snapped when she saw a text from Travis's old ....?
Will there soon be a war between USA and mexico??????????????????
Can someone please tell me why?
Is Vladimir Putin bad because he's against gays?
Why did North Korea viciously feed Kim Jong Un's uncle to 120 hungry dogs?
Where is Francis the weatherman for sky news he appears to have disappeared?
What the problems and issues that faced Egypt media such as T.V programs, magazines, radio, and journalism.?
Why was the callateral murder video censored by CNN but shown by Fox news?
What News Tips Get Written?
Do those North Koreans know how to party or what?
weird question but .....?
When will black Americans stop thinking that getting an education is \acting White.\?
Why sould you respect illegal immigrants?
Survivors struggle-The Week.Should we take a cue from Warren G. Harding's \Return to Normalcy\?
Imperialism.Britain did it with Ships,Troops,and Force?
Why did the media fail to report that the ship stuck in ice was on a global warming mission?
What were your thoughts on the recent Chinese moon landings?
Would saying Michelle Obama looked like James Brown in Drag...?
Lawyer who exposed JK Rowling is fined but?
Why is the British Government so stupid?
are the stranglers doing a convention this year?
Peace and its price-A Special Report by The Week.Is it just a tip of an iceberg of miseries of Lankan Tamils?
Why havent they got civilised?
Why dont they move there?
uk benefits bill, what is top the expenditure, with an aging population, zero hour contracts, minimum wage and?
Why is Miley Cyrus so ugly and yet is on tv?
how many people die in road accidents in india per year?
Are Indians becoming as psychotic as the rest of the Middle East?
What is \rachet reporting\?
Does Michelle Obama still maintain ties with the Black Panters?
Why does Trayvon Martin get a lot more attention from the media than the black Michigan woman who was murdered?
did kim jong un kill his uncle?
is all dictators bad like the media made it out to be?
How is Religion Portrayed in the News?
Tamworth herald from 1988?
Is the death penalty only used for murder?
Ps suggest me a movie camera for journalism.?
Should there be a death penalty in the UK or Europe?
Which is the best state in india? UTTAR PRADESH or PUNJAB?
Why are food getting more expensive?
I plan to leave last Dec. 31 but it was a holiday. i din’nt go to work and my T.L give me sanctions... why?
I need ideas for controversial Issues for an editorial. Help!!!?
Can Scotland expect more \“invisible” assaults on our public services\?
Should drunk tanks be set up to stop A and E s being over ran by drunks ?
Who would have thought that the French secret service would be caught planting a Terrorist Bomb?
Form 4 streams/aliran = help !?
Many Britons fear mortgage arrears?
what are three reasons why the hundred years war started?
Is obesity now just a fact of life?
Are you surprised to hear that Scargill was right all along?
LOL, what do you think about Nick Griffin being declared bankrupt?
does freedom of speech give us the freedom to say anything about anyone ?
is the usa an ally of terrorist? they just released three Uyghur terrorist into sloviakia..?
do I still have unemployed benefits?
Help with News Sound Effects?
Best fire extinguishing media, so far?
How to get fan photo on ET Entertainment Tonight?
I need help with this. Someone who knows something about it.?
Should our air fare be based on how much we weigh?
Why is Hamas considered a terrorist group and not Israel?
Will North Korea bomb the U.S.?
Do you think all the NYC public schools are going be closed today?
why I can`t print any of your articles anymore, no matter what I do.?
Why do veterans brag about killing people?
Can anyone explain this news of shipping industry?
Can anyone explain this news of shipping industry?
Help with creating a magazine?
Why does the United States of America Like to bud into foreign affairs?
any chinese here?bf4 banned in china?
what is your opinion of road cyclists?
when did snowman become snowperson?
Looking to take a journalism class?
Why do people think that snakes are good pets when they're not?
Do you approve or disapprove of the overall job Obama is doing as President?
What is the governments intentions for drone servillance in space?
Mike frank and danielle how r u guys? im interested in a pocket watch i saw on the show thx much and please co?
Does anyone else find it odd that the Sandy Hook Elemrntary School was completely demolished?
Best humor blogs on tumblr ?
Why are they suddenly allowing the use of marijuana?
Why did 98% of news stories fail to mention the ship stuck in ice was on a Global Warming mission?
Are the Special Joint Forces Group fighting in Afghanistan the same as the Einzasts Komando were for Hitler?
What does the fox say?
Does anyone else here feel like Obama is just a super powerful Mafia Leader?
I'm making a PSA about how I use technology for education today, anyone have any good titles?
How do you get news on the tv?
What is a good 2014 resolution?
How can you tell if a statistic is legible?
What are the main public purposes of ITV?
How do I contact a celebrity asking for an interview for my podcast?
At what point in time do we close down Parliament and hand over the remainder of our powers to Brussels?
HOW MANY PEOPLE WERE ARRESTED OR FINED THIS NEW YEARS DAY?
Are things better off left untold?!?!?
If you work at E!News do you get to meet celebrities?
What way would the Americas have evolved today if the European colonists hadn't ethnic cleansed the native?
Help with analyzing a political cartoon!?
Why are people becoming more liberal?
Your thoughts on where OIl originated from.?
Why aren't carbon taxes being used sensibly to plan and implement clean energy infrastructure?
Should nuclear power plants be phased out and strictly forbidden around the world?
When are governments going to publicly address the ignored global overpopulation crisis?
School Newspaper Ideas for middle spread?
Where to buy Lisa Lopes Life of a Supernova by Nancy E Krulik?
with this new wave of immigration, is anyone worried about the immigration levels?
Why do people hate OJ Simpson?
Have you heard anything about Brittany Murphy and her husband dying the same death 5 months apart?
feeling depressed from smoking weed?
In December 2013, Sophia Newsome interviewed Harry Styles. Where can I find it?
Who does the Weather Channel think they are?
Is Mittt Romney a anchor baby?
what events like the g20 and g8 are commonly protested.?
Info about Red Cross/Crescent?
Was 9/11 allowed to happen in order to further a globalist agenda?
In How Many Countries Have Muslim Terrorists?
How much of a threat do you believe \Islamophobia\ may be in the UK right now?
How did Bruce Fromong obtain the OJ memorabilia?
why does arrested development focus much on michael's love life?
how did asylum blackout ended?
Do you agree with Alex Salmond that England and Scotland should work towards an ever closer union?
Is mainstream sports media biased for east coast football teams over west coast teams?
Do you think OJ Simpson should get a Presidential Parson?
Do you love it when a plan comes together?
Did Michelle Rodriguez appear in music videos for ja rule?
Where to next for the war mongering anglo-saxon alliance of terror?
Celebrities actively using Ask.fm?
Why did some people lose their health care?
is michelle obama our new jackie kennedy?
Is there going to be a 2014 Worlds Fair?
Is John Kerry related to Rabshakeh by any chance?
why snowden story fail to become the most important news or influential figure for 2013 in usa media?
Who is the most patronising UK TV News presenter?
Without foreign footballers players how boring?
List of adult magazines in US currently in circulation.?
What you want to read in the newspaper if you were a teenager?
are they going to legalize weed in 3 more states?
War on terror is a fraud ?
Is Public Health a bad major?
is USA & israel mad because?
Religious issues in the following media:?
Assuming Scotland votes for Independence is it likely the remaining UK would have a Tory government for the fo?
Where can I find some articles on the quality of European food after Fukushima?
Is P.J.Harvey the new BBC radio 4 morning show editor ?
Can anyone tell me Nancy Stouffer's arguments against Rowling?
what is the soundtrack of L'Oréal wishes 2014 advertising? http://youtu.be/SGDOMFQM_ks?
Are these despicable scammers having a laugh? They claim police misconduct?
Was Boston bombing a hoax ?
What are peoples reactions to the news of James Avery's death?
With all the recent warnings with?
Has the slippery Keith Vaz-eline allayed your fears by his tough questioning of Romanian immigrants?
How many vacations do the obamas go on per year?
Would you consider taking out a lifetime mortgage to help your children to?
Do the unemployed among the two million 'nu' British created between 2000 and 2013?
How long before Mossad get the credit for this 'diplomat's' death?
Will India ever get to grips with its rape shame?
Do they really have lists of 'Britain's fattest women'?
Did they really expect a quality show with such a line up?
How videos are used in tv news programs?? Which one comes in the quality videos?
Man. United. Will the unthinkable happen, with David Moyes being given the boot?
Why do pro immigration ( from anywhere) claim we need immigrants to fund our retirements?
Public Service Announcement Ideas?
did japan used electronic jammer to bring down the balloon and later staged fake rescue effort for publicity?
How do I become partner to emmanuel tv?
what happend to the danish news in danish on the webside yahoo.dk???
'Work is Worship':The Work Ethic Success of the Lankan Tamils.What is the intention of this article?
Is Colorado punking the Feds?
Why are news Anchors called Anchors?
What is the greatest trait of journalism?
cant find my biotech news?
Do the UK anti-immigration lobby realise that reduced migration will reduce GDP per capita in the long run?
What do you make of this 'whole of life sentence plan'?
Best current affairs magazines in India (not for any competitive exam)?
What is The Black Dahlia Murder?
speech on media and networking?
Song used in Wolf of Wallstreet where everyone was getting arrested including Benihana?
What do you call a $440 million Turkey?
Is Lewis Hamilton guilty of disgraceful bad taste?
After all these years of bloodshed have US troops had enough and just want to go home?
Fellow Vancouverites: The Port Mann toll went up to $3. Are you planning on using the bridge still?
Would you be annoyed about this?
Where are there raves held in Toronto?
Why do Americans have an irrational fear of terrorism?
Help with instagram!?
need top bangla news blog site list.?
Does Bill Gates actually own all that 72 billion dollars?
Does Obamacare Include children with DACA?
Holy crap did anyone else see this?
Do you consider Obamacare a success?
death notices from 2010-2013?
Will terrorists nuke us?
colorado and washington have legalize marijauna for recreational use?
Does the suicide hotline show up on my phone bill?
are the people in california going to die or get real sick now?
Why did Democrat voters want to increase the amount of money they spend on insurance?
Are you happy knowing that Obama and the NSA is spying on you?
How can I become a dolphin terrorist?
Why was G4 such a hated channel?
why was Simon Fraser a famous canadian?
Where can I find a copy of a 1970s network documentary, \Mary Jane Grows Up\?
What happened to Yahoo Finance Aviation news feed?
can anyone or has anyone found a video of the SAN FRANCISCO BAY AREA new years 2014 fireworks?
I have all these great Ideas to create stories with, but I have issues getting it to paper.?
How can I meet One Direction at a concert?2014?
Do you have to go to college to become a news editor?
Fox News must be fake?
I've been thinking of the \Madeleine McCann story?
is there any way to know if i my snapchact information was leacked when they got hacked?
Is Al Unser. Sr still alive?
Were you offended by the comments on MSNBC about Romney's black grandchild?
Read my story please!?
I have a real dinosaur claw that was given to me from a geologist before he passed away. Where can i sell it?
Theres people starvng in africa and cyber bullying is more important?
What's up with Milly Cyrus? A whored or a sicko?
any ideas 10 point's?
Where is Barack today?
Quick Question about Britains stance on Syria?
Is any country or religion safe from the Muslim terrorists?
Who should I do a Famous American report on?
Why is the UK so worried about oil?
How would I write this on a letter?
Why do we, even in the UK, do we live in an unfair world?
In How Many Countries Has Islam?
News on Sailor Moon 2014?
conclusion of the fatal accident in hemet, ca. on nov. 16 that killed two people?
How should I dress to visit a broadcasting school?
why does the media always show the bad parts of other countries?
what channel is vh1 in council iwoa?
Do celebs get paid for bein interviewed and i so how much?
trending now \jay leno\ not leno?
HELP..?! Scottsboro boys: you're opinions on them!!!!?
is there going to be a prisoners part 2?
Do you think Channel 5 will get any complaints?
Parallel Universe or Mental Institution?
Does anyone know which songs were played after the london 2014 new year fireworks?
Are American Large and Small Companies are to blame for excuses of skills shortage ?
Is he the first celeb death of 2014?
Why did corporations consider suspension for Duck Dynasty gay remarks?
I know a syrian teenager in my city, uhh shouldn't he be fighting in a war right now?
Foreign doctors are far more likely to be struck off than those trained in Britain so why are?
Why did apple share fluctuate in the new year 2014?
Is this iconic image too jingoistic?
15 minute calls for people who need care int the community?
Why stop at drink driving offences.....what about other driving violations ...speeding etc?
Do you check the sell by dates on milk and other products?
Would these homes be better filled with the tens of thousands of immigrants moving west?
Is he another of those EU doctors (lol) saving the UK?
Why is coverage of the fire and explosion in Minneapolis not mentioning that it occurred in a mosque...?
Is Phil Robertson right about marrying young, teenage girls too?
What do political journalists do?
What point is this article trying to make?
What is a broadcast journalist?
Yet another asset to Britain.....are some people just so generous in the joy?
Why doesn't McDonalds air this commercial?
Was their contempt for the 'ordinary British man' behind their love of third world immigration?
So Bulgaria is giving Turks citizenship so they can get out of Bulgaria and into UK..is this the EU at?
When it show the New Years eve celebration on tv around the world, why it did not show Los Angeles on televisi?
When did they first sing the English National Anthem and what is it?
Who is to really blame in Northern Ireland?
Mafia leader in Montreal?
England has done it all according to BBC etc?
Is this a flood or a trickle? An immigrant ( non EU) is made a British citizen every?
I went to a New Years Eve party last night and didn't get to sleep until 8 this morning?
how about news Klikgaul.com Portal Berita artis, K-Pop, Zodiak, Love Paling Keren dan Update ?
Why do the media hype up English players?
Sport stars take to twitter to wish everyone a Happy new year. Have you received?
Why should a person keep a diary?
does media express public opinion?
Finally, some truth is emerging about the \invasion\ of Romanians and Bulgars, what do you think?
timing of Romanian immigrants?
Would you agree that all three political parties have failed our children?
Marathi kavita websites in marathi font ?
What's your ambition in this year?
what network does body of evidence come on?
Who is the most famous cat in the world?
What was john f kennedy's personnality?
What does drop the soap mean?
why are western countries being flooded by immigrants and refugees , and why do we continue to take them?
What does the fox say?
Dry January, great idea or killjoy?
What type of trojan horse was used by the News of the World to hack phones?
Emergency on twitter, please help.?
Do online British newspapers and online Scottish newspapers break law if names omitted?
Where should we donate ($) for rehabilitation (long term) - building, repairing livelihoods etc?
Wouldn't you prefer evening high school?
How to join a journalism school?
Any Film ideas for our youtube channel?
War in Syria is still not over?And if over,what will happen to Iran next?i need possible predictions?
Is there actuall proof that Osama bin Ladin was behind the 9/11 disaster?
Don't you think it might be time?
Do you feel any different now that 2014 has finally arrived?
How can i watch the kerrang and golden gods awards?
Anna suraksha vidheyak?
Do you still think that one day you’ll be an astronaut?
How can people get the 'freedom of speech' in countries especially -Latin America and the Caribbean ?
Why is there no maintream news information (e.g., CNN, BBC) about the Fukushima power plant problems?
As a hard-of-hearing Journalism student, should I get a Voice Carry Over phone to set up interviews?
Do you love Lara Spencer and Erika Hill?
How does the Federal Government justify treating American citizens as potential terrorists?
Why dosen't the West help Somalia get back on its feet?
What's your new year's resolution?
Will the world end in 2014?
How many American terrorists has the TSA caught?
Fox's New Year's Celebration 2014?
How can I invite people to contribute by writing article to my research?
What was the dance song playing while FOX news showed the Brazilian New Years Celebration? (Around 11:50pm ET)?
I need some help with Social Media.?
What is Discovery Network doing for New Year's?
How much money do sports writers make?
How much is an unused titanic ticket worth?
What would be a good New Year's Resolution for Obama to make?
What are some things you would like to see happen in the year 2014?
What are the agenda of Narendra Modi?
Advice about newspaper delivery?
There is something weird going on?
what network does body of evidence come on?
Do you think the only answer to Afghanistan is Kashmir?
why usa is supporting terrorist to plant bomb in russia? two explosion in one month.?
How high will you jump on Zero G day?
Help me come up with a Newspaper name?
When illegal immigrants invade your country and steal your jobs and lively-hood, what can be done legally?
Is there a 'man in the street' who can receive a knighthood?
After the US leaves AFG in 2014, what do you think will happen?
How can i watch bbc in america?
What are your predictions for 2014?
What special you did on New Year's Eve?
What are your new years resolutions?
what times is PRISONERS on 509?
When is the offcial opening of the One World Trade Center ?
Why were over half of the New Year’s honours awarded to women?
If you are not doing anything interesting for New Year, how would you like to be spending it?
Have you ever played count the \like\ game?
Do you usually have a Plan B in case your Plan A doesn't work or are you a one plan guy?
Who would you rather have fighting terrorists, Obama or Putin?
Is spoken reason related to Emmanuel hudson?
Should Russian secret service and police officers be sent to Israel or USA for training ?
Why do people think Barack Obama is going to try to become a dictator?
What are your 2014 new years resolution?
Where will Obama ring in the New Year tonight?
they say when i read my rapz of the paper u can hear it in the music is that true?
What should I do if I want to be freelance journalist?
Summary of the events that occured in 2013?
Do you think the Michael Schumacher will be alive in 2014?
Does China actually want South Korea to collapse by supporting North Korea?
What was the biggest news story of 2013?
What days does Major Crimes air?
How do i get more reads on my Wattpad story?
my yahoo news article won't come-up. it keeps looping trying to bring-up the article to read.?
Do you think violent criminals can be rehabilitated?
Was there ever a terrorist like #4 and Henri?
does the land of (earlier) Palestine really belong to Israel?
what was your favorite 2013 moment, song, etc.?
This quit working http://biz.yahoo.com/ic/news/911.html?
where can I watch recent news episodes?
Why do we have Obamacare?
Is it true the Chick Fil A protests will be comming back?
So called \ Journalism \?
Where on Earth is already celebrating 2014?
Who else thinks 2013 sucked big time?
Where can I find a text-only version of the news online?
Whos The Antichrist Whos The False Prophet?
Is the amount of UK coverage about Schumacher excessive?
So, it was the youtube video that caused Bengazi American deaths?
Im listening to the bbc world service?
what did miesha tate say about ronda rouseys family?
What do you think was the biggest news story of 2013?
Did Robin Roberts really come out of the closet or is it all fake?
Are you optimistic about the New Year?
I need help remembering this shows name it was on travel channel or history channel?
the recent wave of IPOs is an attempt by many small firms to capitalize on the recent runup in stock prices.?
How do you feel about Muslims?
why did team 6 helicopter in to assault bin ladens hide out instead of quietly halo jumping in from above? th?
How much Gold was in WTC in 2001 ?
did usa plan to topple turkey erdogan because he refuse to cancel military sale from china?
is britains architectural heritage crumbling?
Why it is disgusting what the media are doing regarding Michael Schumacher?
is America in front or behind of the UK?
What does entertainment consist of?
What happen to the industry specific news page on yahoo finance?
Do you think That your God has a special life set out for you?
would AA exist without bill w or dr. bob?
What do you think of ensuing year 2014?
Can you understand all these honours?
Why people gets killed in USA?
Why did reporters from New York Times LIED about Benghazi Killings?
Did stitcher steal your RSS feed?
Can you remember any of the Governments promises from this time last year?
Looking back on 2013 what were the Governments major achievements?
how is jack sparrow a sociopath?
today news for India?
why is Marilyn Monroe considered such an icon?
What will afghanistan look like in five year time ?
Did Steve Jobs die from a virus?
Aside from Michelle Obama and Mayor Bloomberg, who else if battling against fat people and obesity in America?
Is the NY Times more liberal or conservative of a newspaper?
What is the first country in the world to reach New Years?
If you email jazz jennings with her foundation , will she write back?
Why are the Irish so damned childish?
Afghans: was this lady a Hazara?
what are the merits of advertisements?
In How Many Countries?
What are some phrases that begin with the word 'girl'?
writting fan fiction?
Anew industry in gaming development?
Who was the most famous person to die every year between 1955 and 2012? (part 2)?
Does youtube allow numbers in channel names?
Can you find me an article that states in text that GLOBAL oil prices are high?
How to get on a news channel?
Did the two cops convicted in the \dumping scandal\ in Saskatoon serve their sentences in Jail?
Do you have to be 21 to buy menthol cigarettes?
Happy NEW YEAR 2013!?
6 reasons why high oil prices are good (for a debate argument)?
when does pretty little liars season 4 come on netflix?
should Stephen Harper give the rights to the arctic oil to the US?
Where would I find what Phil Robertson actually said that got him in trouble?
Can anyone interprete this toxicology report ? SPECIMENS received from Joe Paul Hurt on 31-jul-2000 S00000823?
how did the man survive in just an air pocket?
How can I download audio interviews from Ron Bennington website?
Are cancer stories on the news always exaggerated?
Remember how Fox News went nuts about pulling the plug on Terri Schivo?
icd-10 implementation? what is this and how is it going to effect us and our familys?
HELP!! With what to call my YouTube channel?
Would the Duke of Cambridge go anywhere else?
When you buy a Newspaper do you always Read the Whole Newspaper?
How can I get started as a writer of White Papers?
news got me thinking about life support?
Alberta Oil Sands thoughts?
silence of islamic world ??
Got a dollar in the mail?
What are your predications on what will happen in 2014?
Why do people think the 2nde amendment gives the the right to guns outside a militia?
Why is the government deciding what will happen to the brain-dead 13 year old instead of her family?
Release date for kevin harley smith in tdcj?
Is PopDust a gossip site like hollywood.life and Perez Hilton ?
what's trend in 2013?
Why is the brain dead girl in California being denied a feeding tube?
Can Yahoo's news writers block who reads and/or comments on their articles?
Are disabled benefit cheats flooding the country from Afghanistan?
Feedback on my media newspaper analysis?
will the saudi's continue the attacks in Volgograd ?
how to find a picture of someone died in 11-13-1967?
Search my lost contacts?
what is jay leno saying in this vine??????
What was the Good/Bad of 2013 (politically)? What do you expect from the new year?
So is this what being in the EU has boiled down to?
Why the fuss about M&S shutting the changing rooms during the first day of the sale?
What happened to Fos-ff.net (2013/December)?
Does anyone remember Glen Hoddle?
If Gay Marriage was taught?
Is it a sign of encroaching age when heroes succumb to old age and disease?
I dont understand what this promt means for a controversial paper I have to write?
Do i need to write a bibliography for pictures?
The US a country found on the mass ethnic cleansing of the native populous, is that why they are such?
I was waterboarded in celebration by nurse, witnessed by 2 they wanted to report it is to late?
HELP!! With what to call my YouTube channel?
why are there so many blackmailing adverts on tv?
where can I author for a blog?
What should I do for New Years Eve?
What does the author mean by “the silence of Hiroshima in short story by midnight oil?
Why is channel conflict damaging to all parties? Explain in detail and provide examples.?
what are your hopes for 2014...?
Do criminal Muslims feel more shame than other criminals?
Has http://biz.yahoo.com/n/y/y0022.html the link to Medical/Pharmaceutical news been discontinued?
How to get 1D \where we are\ tour tickets?
Is he right? Should we worry more about a few greedy bankers or thousands of aggressive beggars,?
Do you make New Years resolutions, or?
what is the first press about eminem ever printed with that new monogram?
Is the Tate now scraping the bottom of the barrel Importing sh** from Mexico?
Who is behind the poison gas attack in Syria?
people on employment and support do they get paid before the 2nd of january 2014 if its due on that day?
SBS Entertainment Award 2013 Running Man - Live Update on News and Awards?
What are some of the best paranormal news sites?
im due a esa payment on the 2nd of january will i recieve it on the 31st of december due to the new year?
Is this a waste of tax payers money? Funding the wardrobe of an obese woman?
Is she making a mountain out of a molehill?
Is it possible to get into creamfields if your underage?
how can i combine the names jeanel ann and joven glenn?
What's everyone's New Year's resolutions for 2014? :)?
Who funds the jhadists ?
How would Joe Stalin have responded to jihadist terrorism in Russia?
How will Russia react to the 2nd jhadist attack ?
Someone told me \Al Sharpton is a puppet\- but a puppet of whom ?
Where can I take a Journalism Course in Florida?
Was there really a prehistoric atomic bomb war?
How do I make a documentary?
do many englishmen remember Enoch Powell and his suggestion to send aliens home, years ago.?
Fingers crossed for Michael Schumacher?
which gained more popularity in 1969s: Appolo 11 Mission or 2001:A space Oddesy movie?
why do people want to base laws on emotion?
Is there any way I can get a print of an old photo from The Jakarta Post Newspaper, 9th of October 2001?
What is heather ann longs release date from texas prison?
What has Mandela actually accomplished, are the lives of black south africans better or worse.?
Why the execution ceremony is held early in the morning?
who is hotter Rosie Huntington Whiteley or Megan Fox?
Has 2013 been a good year or bad year for you?
Obama is going to be impeached?
Advice for some news stations?
PNC Card Replacement fee?
Why is this country so bad at coping with bad weather?
What's the best thing that happened to you in 2013?
Can someone please find me a good documentary explaining the Illuminati?
have any celebrities spoke out about regretting doing ads for peta?
Is the Huffington Post conservative or liberal?
Why is New York City making people turn in rifles and shotguns holding more than 5 rounds?
Does the time square ball dropping broadcast on the radio?
What is the total literacy rate in Andhra Pradesh in 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012 and 2013?
Do you know any Documentary like this but about an ASIAN guy, beside Linsanity?
Is this the perfect solution to solve the Syrian civil war crisis?
Why doesn't anyone oppose the government?
I got charge with possession of a firearm will I get deported?
did Michael Schumacher die ? ( new Ski Accident Video in Question )?
why zakaria,cnn host loved india so much?
Any Tamil actors from vinayaka mission university?
dick cheney should be tried for war crimes and be in jail?
Contest, Conquest, or Coronation?
Are all celebrities fake?
What Is The Breaking Boy News Password?
Who's the most insulting person on TV or Media?
how many pages are in Freedom Train North?
callie's press tour part 3 task is done but the scenery didn't save in my yearbook?
Why are there so many new blonde female news anchors on TV local news?
Is there a website for getting an update on news for the last ## days?
Interview Help Please ASAP?
What's the three best countries in Africa?
What is the longest a brain-dead corpse has ever been kept on life-support?
how should i habdle new years?
what is new events that are happening right now?
The link to sign up Obama Health care?
why is the knockout game by a black on white attack no hatecrime, but the other way around it is?
Opinions on Benedict Cumberbatch?
Should US still strike Syria?
FBI audio tapes of Martin Luther King?
Supporting children in africa?
Do you think Miley Cyrus is nice as a person?
Is it insulting that you are expected to buy this again?
notable things which happened in 2013?
Unemployment ending after 26 weeks in USA a good or bad idea?
why are southampton shown on bbc as SOT and not SOU?
How many people die from snakes in pakistan/india???
What are your predictions for next year?
Today`s education system, good or bad?
Heard anymore how Schumacher is?
President Monument is this true ?
Is this the correct way to cite this interview?
can't see video on news stories only have sound on yahoo?
Why is it that people tend to believe everything that the media and other government officials claim to say?
Why punish someone for a quenelle but not people who commit real anti-Semitic attacks?
does anyone know what channel fox sports1 is on for comcast in fall river massachusetts?
Should 'health tourists' who skip off without paying their bills be denied entry if?
what is the biges killer of marriages and why?
Are there any videos or interviews on 1970s teenagers in school?
Is this yet another waste of tax payers money?
Media Influence survey?
anyone know how the media portrays/portrayed childbirth in the past?
So who is to blame for this 'epidemic' in obese children?
Is this a racist salute or is it a misunderstanding?
What do the real British people think of the flag protests in Northern Ireland?
What % of people have catheders and need materials to be mailed to their home?
why do so many people not like Obama and what he is doing?
Kate Garraway, Jennifer Lopez, Ramona Duoba, why do or did they do it?
Why do people riot and destroy their area?
Is this a good start to my story?
Can young people ever afford their?
why do newspaper show such vulgar things now days.?
Will there be any firework display in Liverpool New years eve 2013?
Some controversial issues I can do an essay on?
Does sheinside,com Use Sweatshops?
How to become a paparazzi?
How do I send a story to Tahoo's Odd News?
What would Scottish nationalists say to the people of Jamaica and Hong Kong?
Why is Newark, NJ so violent?
do you think edward snowden is a traitor or a terrorist......?
If Nicolas Anelka thought it right to make 'that' gesture, should he not have the cojones to admit it?
Re: Benghazi, were the security men able to kill any of he Libyan attackers before being killed themselves?
Farage has said we (Britain) should accept Syrian refugees ?
Anti-smoking advert; anyone ready for another attempt to make puffers lawless?
Can someone provide me a best website to know IT industry updates?
did democratic usa govt seek opinion from the public before allowing tapering to begin?
How can we submit out articles to Thefreshbreeze news paper ?
why Westren people keep Repeat this lie ?
Will the world end in 2012??
Does anybody know what happened to the Spanish radio show of El vacilon del mandril?
hey i keep hearing stuff about martial law 2014 and when next year is that suppose to happen?
Is 2014 considered the early or mid 2010s?
Why Jarl Moe stop our favorite blog?
TN fishermen meet PM on 28.11.2013.Lankan navy arrests 22 TN fishermen on 29.11.2013.What does it show?
i keep seeing stuff on youtube about this when are the fema camps and rfid chips suppose to happen?
What do they really make in breaking bad?
A article I read a while back, can you find it?
What was john f kennedy jr like?
Does anyone know what channel fox sports1 is on comcast?
how to create a newspaper on pages?
Can the \Most Popular\ comments on Yahoo Odd News stories be separated better?
What was the programme on channels 5's milkshake?
What was the programme on channels 5's milkshake?
What exactly did the Amish in Ohio do to get prison sentences?
Where can I watch Demi Lovato's Stay Strong Documentary?,?
Why did women love Ted Bundy?
Do you think this photo is a good representation of real world politics today?
I keep hearing Mile Cyrus had a previous name!! WHAT WAS IT IM SO CURIOUS?!?
Do you think Megan Fox is a smart girl?
Tomorrow's front page news needs a story?
Nightmare blogs or websites?
I would like to thank those who have given me a b.a lately but can't?
Advice about Tesco Careers?
How do you feel about Smiley Virus and the whole twerking thing?
Would it be hard to get into journalism?
Jahi McMath case - isn't she still dead but just on support? What will happen to the body?
Have a college major, but what's good?
Who was behind the 9/11 attacks on the Twin Towers?
how do you feel about A&E decision on suspending phil robertson from duck dynasty?
Where do you buy devacurl hair products?
How can I keep busy for my New Years resolution in 2014?
When will blacks stop embracing poor behavior and start being independent as they were pre-Roosevelt?
Any idea on how a debate should be?
what animal is most like helena goldenburg in murder on the orient express?
I used you recorded sign for Internationa. serves but after few week my parcel comeback in London royalmail?
What are your opinions on Alex Jones?
Is there still one in Britain and America?
IF THEY ALL KEEP DOING IT WHAT WILL HAPPEN?
Was Trayvon Martin a thug?
Where is the Moderate Muslim outcry against Radical Islam?
More Dead people appear on British TV than alive?
Did aliens build the pyramids to cover up for 9/11?
what day news showed vandalism signs?
Your thoughts on Ian Watkins from The Lost Prophets?
Do you support ending torture and the death penalty?
What are the names of all fighting groups in Syria?
What is Laurie Halse Anderson's email address?
Was Lea Michele and Cory Monteith dating?
last year --good or bad?
What places to go to or events to enjoy myself Alone or to meet people possibly.?
what do you hope for 2014?
Why do people make thier own sex videos and publish on Internet ? Are they getting paid or what?
What are you doing for Ragnarok?
Is Barack Obama real?
My yahoo news page will not go past the first five news items. Why do I get a blank screen on5-50 news items.?
When theres a natural disaster in another country we give aid, but when in UK we dont help at all?
how to know important events happened in 2013?
What to write on a teen blog!?
Why is the savings rate so low among Americans as compared to citizens of China and India?
Why am I goin to court when I have a temporary restraining order?
Why are the same news stories on the yahoo hompage for a month now?
What is atomicity of CH4?
People in UK: Genuine or Fake?
Do I have a chance of getting into emerson?
China is intimidating, Are they ready for USA?
Public attitudes towards Tesco??
Tamil National Alliance to push for international probe into Sri Lanka war crimes.Isn't a GENUINE request?
If Toronto was an American city would the reporters be asking Mayor Ford about electricity restoration?
Should burkhas be banned from jewellery shops?
Why does the West meddle in the Muslim world?
Was she forced to borrow ths money? Did she take it knowing she would not bother to repay it?
Why does the US keep supporting israeli terror in Palestine?
EASY 10 Points?? Is this video about world nationalistic movements having some true facts in it or not?
10 News San Diego's Ashley DiMartino,SO VERY FAKE weather person.Agree?
Is the RSPCA sinister and nasty?
how to publish your poetry?
Was anyone else effected by the twin towers attacks other than the United States of America...?
Concerned about my safety at a festival?
Did Rachel Scott really predict her own death?
why there is so much of hype regarding aishwarya rai weight?
Brain Cancer Action Week Fundraising ideas ...?
What happens to tsunami victims??!?!?!?!?!?!?!?! D:?
I need help coming up with a name for my club?
What happens at a taste of animethon?
Quotev story?? Help :)?
Quotev story?? Help :)?
Is this a scam or a serial killer?
Is it ironic that an expedition studying global warming got stuck in an ice floe?
Did the Syrian leader Bashar Assad recently get killed or is this a rumor?
What's going on with the NSA spyimg?
Is it weird to see selena?
why are mercenaries fighting in syrian war?
why are mercenaries fighting in syria ?
Obama and his Administration Racist?
sunny leone Boole bool?
What are some good History and Science websites with interesting articles?
is this a good story plot?
Why is American Government not addressing critical issues like abuse of welfare or gang violence?
To what extent is \to what extent\ a terrible way to begin an interview question?
I need help to write a skit?
Your opinion on the following celebs listed:?
Why was Phil Robertson even considered to be suspended from the show?
Why do liberals have role models like George Clooney or Neal Patrick Harris but conservatives like Clint Eastw?
AK47 father has died?
what are your plans for the new year 2014?
so.. it's in the news that paul might have faked his death after all?
How come the British Government forgave the terrorist of the Lockerbie flight 25 years ago?
What job positions can I get in the newspaper or magazine industry?
Why did the public win in getting Duck Dynasty back on the air?
Will not killing Larry in the Walking Dead affect the outcome?
What are Noam Chomsky's views on a potential reconciliation between Iran and USA?
bloggers, how to get this (link included)?
Do people hate Miley Cyrus because of her craziness or really because of her dramatic change?
Criticize Yahoo answers ?
How to start a new podcast/radio station?
bill o reilly s salary?
what does bill o reilly make?
is American horror story on brighthouse demand?
Do you find it any suprise a Federal Judge backs the Federal governments spying program on Americans?
Thousands of fake amazon E mails sent, I got 3 this month, Is anything being done about it?
Why is the hospital in California refusing to treat a brain-dead 13 year old?
Why doesn't the time warner cable app have the weather channel?
Why do western governments support extremist/ terrorist radicals in Syria?
Should the Fox News channel be renamed?
Pound soars above foreign currencies as the spending power of sterling rises 30% this year. Pos or negative?
Now that Mayan Doomsday failed and May 21, 2011 turned out to be nothing, what is the next doomsday scenario?
The news just stated.....?
What happened to the Muslim journalist?
Will be Kejriwal making plots to face the future parliament election?
I ordered my iphone 5s gold November 25 and its now December 26 and i still do not have it?
How do I post weather photos to GMA?
Northern Ireland and the IRA?
Do you recommend the journalism field?
if you send a message to dear deidre (sun helpline) could it go in the newspaper?
Was Al Quaeda behind the Arab spring?
Why did Obama want Larry Summers for next Chairman of the FED? and the American's reaction?
How can I get BBC on my computer?
western ppl do you think ?
How many other people think Miley Cyrus is trying too hard & has passed into desperation?
what does the fox say?
How do you start a youth sports writing website?
do you need any proper qualifications to be an author?
What World Record Could I Break?
What World Record Could I Break?
How did the newspaper editor encourage Wright in his writing?
Newsflash: Did anyone watch this great interview by Steve Harvey interviewing Barack Obama?
Did I almost die or just passed out ?
Did ariana and nathan really split?
What is it about Boxing Day sales stories on TV - and the first rushing through the doors being Oriental?
whats going on in syrian war?
Does anyone know which Ray-ban are those?
whats going on in syria!?
Are they ever going to find out who killed JonBenet Ramsey?
Where can I find some really disturbing stories on the internet?
Has VIP Nation sold Demi VIP Packages yet?
Latest library buildings in India?
what is the craziest thing that you did when you were drunk but don't remember it... at all?
Help please :comparative study between radio news, television news, newspaper and internet?
Should the west support Assad in restoring peace to Syria?
Are Hazaras & Uzbeks of Afghanistan considered as Turkic peoples?
Does you think that this after Christmas sales thing is racist against men?
List them in Order Warmongers of the world?
WHATS MORE IMPORTANT TO YOU, YOUR COUNTRY LAW OR YOUR RELIGION?
Why is the Yes campaign trying to hide the truth about the SNP's roots?
Why all the fuss Are you not guilty of any sins?
Were the people involved in the knockout game white, or black?
Parties,journalist associations seek arrested Indian’s release.Willn't this claim too fail as usual?
When and Why Did Seth Meyers Stop Being In Sketches?
What is your opinion of presenter, Piers Morgan on CNN?
has the middle east ever?
What is the rold of vogue's editor in the success of designers?
How to find old news online in respectable news agencies?
Is Payola still being practised today?
Corporate media like CNN-IBN, NDTV, Times Now etc..against Indian culture and promote western ideas to India?
is it a huge mistake that donald trump did not contest in usa presidential election?
why pxsxy riot member(russia dissident) get platform for propaganda from western media again?
Drought in South Africa; meat shortage?
What is the roll of OFAI Goa in India?
is any registration required for online news channel, if yes what is the process of registration in India?
When, if at all, did the report of the UK anti-terror watchdog re the detention of D. Miranda come out?
Is true that u get paid in iwritter when u write articles?
I have purchased LIC market plus in 11.12.2006 & Money Plus in 29.01.2007 at Visakhapatnam A.P.?
why did terrorists took away india,s plane in 1999?
why do we americans believe the main stream media come on they set the whole sandy shooting up you know why?
why is haarp industries and fema killing americans by the dozens?
What is with FOX news and Obamacare?
What is a good news webpage that you recommend? better than Yahoo answers in your opinion.?
Is this an example of a feature article? PLEASE I NEED HELP?
the work of abdul malik asmai in the field of science?
what do you all think of this article about the medium that contacted jfks spirit?
what do you all think of this article about the medium that contacted jfks spirit?
Operation Greystone post-911?
Is flesh eating desease the new wave of things to come?
Second American Revolution? Martial Law? What is this nonsense?
Tupac Is Coming Back In 2014?
Why does Jesse Jackson think he needs to get involved in the Duck Dynasty controversy?
Why did the Libya Revolution only lasted 1 year but the Syrian War is still ongoing?
Work as a video editor in the UK?
can you explain or summarize the article 8 section 5 and 6 please?
I havent recieved mail in almost a month?
Why is Michael Bolton suddenly on every commercial break?
Informational mail to engagement leave?
Why does the Media always attack the working class?
Where can I find confidential war footage of the war in Afghanistan?
What countries get along with North Korea?
Will Christie be the 2016 Republican nominee for president?
Why Did Obama’s HHS Officials Select Canadian CGI that Botched the Obamacare Launch?
where was saint barbara born?
I need to make advertisements for a Puritan newspaper I'm making - any ideas?
Where can I Watch Northern Exposure Online?
Financial crisis: what could have happening?
MIley Cyrus tickets surprise?
Mum on benefits left with £3,000 of debt after being given EIGHT payday loans to pay for Christmas?
Do you think Kim Jong Il executed his ex for flashing her knickers ?
will i be able to look after a German Shepard?
Do US public TV news programs actually pronounce he name \Pussy Riot\?
what is happening with \freedoom of speech \ in america ?
Has Barack made any formal announcements while vacationing in Hawaii?
Has it changed back to the green Yahoo Answers?
Should I read newspaper daily or not????
Who is planning to go to Burning Man 2014?
What to do if a hurricane is coming?
Poll: how can I expose BULLIES on NEWS PAPER for an unbelievable horrible things they are doing to me?
Would the NSA still be spying on us had 9/11 never happened?
Who would you like to come out to Paulden and speak at a general meeting in the summer?
Has any one seen a petition against Phil Robertson? If so please provide a link?
Is there a girl in a refugee camp in darka,senegal by the name of Rita Bibara under reveland John Timothy?
What does it take to be a news reporter?
Is Amoxapine withdrawn from indian market? If yes then why?
Are Scots ashamed of their unfriendly and unwelcoming border?
Where to buy American newspapers in London?
I ordered my iphone 5s gold November 25 and its now December 26 and i still do not have it.?
Who would you rather be stuck in a lift with?
why does my home page shoe australlian news instead of U.S.?
When will the \terrorist\ movie going into production?
Is this a huge US diplomatic blunder?
when do you start your first hotel lester assassination missions?
How did your life change this year?
Please Criticize My Work?
how do i change my name for posting and commenting on articles that i read in yahoo?
Why media is only behind modi any gujarat.. and turning blind eye on 1984 sikh riots and several other riots?
stay updated on current affairs for competetive exams?
Does anyone see something wrong with the water aid adverts?
What does one do about people running around with walking sticks barely touching the ground?
Why is the president on vacationing in Hawaii while his Healthcare website burns to the ground?
Is it bad of me to find North Korea kind of entertaining?
Would you donate towards an animal charity that saves chickens?
What creative things are you doing with your left over turkey?
Should Proposition 65 be introduced worldwide?
Which is your favourite prepaid debit / credit card?
Wouldn't it be great to have the option of choosing cabinet ministers?
Would the economy grow better if we banned products from China?
Are Faggots really a special dish in the UK?
can an iglesia ni cristo member be in a relationship with a catholic maaried person?
Egypt has made the muslim brotherhood,an illegal organisation ?
Will the current turmoil in Turkey,slow their entry into the EU ?
Why are people protecting this jerk from Duck dynasty?
What was some of the best Newspaper \heads\ in 2013 that contained good pun's?
What countries have claims to Antartica ?
do u like to live in countries like iraq or afghanestan?why?
Can people really deny that something odd happened with Paul walker's accident?
I wanna make a website with all news of Rock/metalbands?
have there ever been instances where Emma Stone has been rude in public?
Is there a documentary that addresses high school life?
How to Find a Good Freelancer?
Should Justin Welby challenge Barmy Boris to a public debate on greed and inequality?
does tv, radio, newspaper, poster and banners comes under social media?
Does anyone know approximately how many people....?
If you could go back in time to stop the Newtown shooting tragedy, would you?
I want to Know what the people in the San Fernando Valley think about all the Noise or story of the girl Irene?
Why do my dad thinks that Jodi Arias is innocent?
Have you noticed how often the opposite of what we are told/taught is the actual truth?
Question about Tupac?
Why is it so hard to post comments on some sites....what is this stupid Disqus?
What do you think motivates Dennis Rodman to make trips to North Korea?
What should Greece do about their economy (to become powerful?)?
Does anyone know when the Walmart in Palestine, TX will reopen after Christmas day?
Interesting facts about Michelle Rodriguez?
Name of song on SportsCenter, 6-7PM Central airing, used during end of sportscast year in review?(12/25/2013)?
Do you think anyone on this ship now believes on global Warming?
Is a politics blog a good idea?
What do you think of a government that doesn't inform you of nuclear radiation in the environment?
What are some important issues facing online news?
the latest weather news of st lucia?
does al sharpton realize how funny he is to so many people?
why do people not like sarah palin?
How to get my friends parents divorced?! plz help?
Fellow story writers please help me or if you know a lot about news broad casting please answer too.?
Celebrating new year by playing counter-strike photo ?
How did you like One's Christmas message this year?
why do news programs always use a black reporter and anchor to report on black crime?
Birmingham UK New Year's eve celebration?
What is the channel for up station?
Help with the BBC iPlayer?
Is it likely colorado will pass any more state whide gun restrictions?
Why is there so much controversy around what Phil Robertson said?
How do you register for the xfactor? Is it online? Or do you go to the venue to register?
What is BDS and how is it related to the Israeli-Palestine conflict?
Find Events in Vadodara( Baroda)?
Why are almost all terrorists Muslim?
After Christmas shopping?
How has your day been?
Why are India and Pakistan and South America allowed to condone such things, and not prevent it continuing?
Just shows what Tories think of Liberals?
I cannot get news stories to hold. They dump me almost instantly. How do I solve this?
Any information on Peterson Brothers?
i order tickets for warped tour 2014 on ticketfly and it hasn't came yet?
Which is the most pro Israel country?
Which is the first newspaper printed in india after independent ? please reply?
Was 911 an excuse to convince people for war?
Is having a good life style under dictatorship better than having poor life style under democratic Government?
Should mail-ordered brides be banned?
Give me one good reason why the USA should be saved from its impending collapse?
Despite general negative image of islam why some Europeans are adopting islam?
Have the latest TV ads caused you to ditch XMas now?
Who are support sponsors, Associate sponsors, brought to you by, co sponsors for events in Dubai? What does t?
Does traderush works in pakistan ?
Is will smith african american?
Another NHS achievement for the Tories?
Has has BP changed since the oil spill?
Who is to blame for the breaking of the iPad ?
Did commonapp.org crash again?
Who will be the next CM of Delhi?
Which is the most literate staet in India?
is the US scrapie program a waste?
Are American born Confused Desis anti-India?
Will Uganda arrest and send American Gay Diplomats to Life Imprisonment? What America can do in such a case?
World's 1st Newspaper in Tamil,in 1847 from Jaffna. Is it the first Newspaper in Sri lanka?
Will India's Tamilnadu state finally become a Christian state?
Who is going to protest the 2014 Winter Olympic Games in Sochi, Russia ?
When will I get my warped tour tickets in Digital delivery?
Have you noticed how discovery of mass graves fuels more bloodshed?
Why Journalists can't find real news?
\merry christmas...and we're cutting off ur jobless benefits.\ is that the holiday spirit?
Best Merry Christmas 2013 Wishes and Sayings ?
Best New Year 2014 Wallpapers ?
Is America ripe for a authoritarian regime? Would anyone resist?
Masochistic Patriotic War Movies?
Problems of the world?
i need a bootcamp that is really cheep and the reason why is because of behavorial issue stealing?
i need a bootcamp that is really cheep and the reason why is because of behavorial issue stealing disbehavior?
Who else cannot wait for the Christmas season to be done with?
when does ssi four day early checks come out this month?
Is anyone else excited for Christmas tommorow?
Is your house flooded tonight?
Why is America obsessed with Apple products?
Why did Russia create a class of billionaire oligarchs?
How to watch ITV's This Morning online from outside the UK?
Are there any countries where war is illegal?
When did an MP last go to a foodbank because their benefits werent paid on time?
Does anyone know of a free template, that says thankyou from Santa for leaving mince pies milk etc?
How do I create my own story on Fanfiction.net from my phone?
HOW MANY PEOPLE ARE IN THE EVERY 2 MINUTES SECOND CHANCE CONTEST?
Is Miley Cyrus \growing up\?
what website can i sign up for obama care?
can anyone tell me when PS 7 burn down in the sixties in Astoria Queens N Y?
Why is the minimum wage going up on dec 31 and not a normal date of 1/1/14?
Why do some Americans disapprove of Obamacare?
why are the videos on yahoo news out of focus and too large for the screen?
my first tier X starts 12/22/2013 i mailed it on the 17th when is my money going to be on my card s/b 24th?
When will governments care enough to stop the genocide in the Sudan?
Why the police arrest student at front office instead of classroom?
write a paper on drug trafficking and international security?
who is jennefur dekson?
Do you consider North Korea a threat to the United States of America?.?
Who has taken more than gave?
Why did authoritys fail to tell the public about the sf and nyc underground chemical test results?
I only see the top of pictures in the news and video is also cut in half?
How come there's so many terrorist cells surrounding chicago as oress reports claim?
What is the mystery behind the \tips for jesus\ story on todays yahoo news?
I Want Best High Authority Sowcial Media Page !!?
Why is Target being scrutinized except the banking industry?
M&S gate. Well do they or dont they?
Whats up with geting local news.?
So, Obama thinks we need a dialogue on race?
why marathi people are creating trouble in belgaum,karnataka?
Trenton oldfield who stopped last years boat race?
Will this stop people from wasting money at McDonald's?
article topic on computer?
Sweeping wave culture or VIP culture, should we ponder over?
is there electricity power near feside area?
why cnn and bbc give platform for propaganda for russia dissident after he was freed from jail?
Is the UK suffering from global flooding and windy weather ?
Is it save to visit bali now?
Can you find me a bad photo of megan fox?
with all the answers about?
Do you hate the new society?
If you believe all you are told?
And Charlie Sheen thinks he's qualified to bash Phil Robertson, Why?
Why does UK & USA government want you to think serial killers are hero's?
How many surface nuclear bomb explosions have been carried out ?
How come loads of famous people on uk tv in the 70's and 80's turn out to be paedophiles?
Should M&S staff be allowed to opt out from serving Chinese goods?
what is the difference between air worthy and air presence in tv presentation?
did paul walker burn to death slowley or did he die instantly?
Those On The Naughty List?
Should everyone convicted of homosexuality be pardoned just like Turing?
Essay on present situation of indian journalism?
How can I craft the best introduction for a guest speaker.?
Night Court-Christine and Art the Janitor go on a date?
Why are so many filipinos online asking for a war?
Media ...........................?
Was the Iran hostage crisis a genocide?
Who do you think killed JonBenet Ramsey?
Watching the news and?
Time Warner Cable mailing address ?
Help with a good title? :3?
What happened to the story about the drone strike on a wedding?
Is the media covering the important stories?
Politics, what have I missed?
Why don't blacks embrace positive Role Models instead of low lifes?
Can digiprog 3 do well? Which mileage correction tool better?
why does ny kindle fire display this error??????
i need a proxy website so far ive used vpnbook.com and www.hidebux.com but prter ridge middle school blockedit?
Macshane jailed for robbing the public purse ,will he spend 3months in a cushy jail ?
why can\t i find my yahoo news posts?
where can i legally download bbc documentaries?
A tale of two citizens-The Hindu. Isn't a tell-tale article?
Does the British Army hide them?
Canada meeting Kyoto's targets?
What are your thoughts on the Administration elxtending the deadline for Obamacare signups?
During the Carter administration, Zbigniew Brzezinski?
Channel 6 news gave a short bit on Veterans that have served in a war a bonus, what do a vet have to do to get?
Why did the Paramedic get mad at me?!?
CAN A MURDER CASE BE ESPONGE?
When is Andrea Tantaros's birthday?
Did Weiner go through a hard time? Or did he enjoy the constant sliding in and out of popularity?
Why does the media show the year in review at the end of each year?
Why does Time Magazine make their Year in Review book 1 month before the year ends?
are there still punishments for whores and who are they?
What is your fav day of the week and why?
Why does the media continue to lie to the public and say that Iraq never had WMD?
does every country have a newspaper?
Why did it take Russia, yet again, to prevent World War 4?
Why does the media report news that involved injury or death more then good news?
Why is Phil Robertson from Duck Dynasty being penalized when he has the same beliefs as the Pope?
What are your guys's opinions about 'Blackfish'?
What is the fundamental difference between Palestinians and Syrians?
When will the sanctions against iran be lifted?
will Richard Branson fly to space on 25 december 2013 (this Christmas)?
what exactly were phil robertson's \racially charged\ comments?
What should I title my article?
Do you agree with M and S allowing Christians and Jews to take off Saturdays and Sundays respectively?
How many news stories featuring a solider surprising his family with an early return will air this year?
Which tacky American Christmas song makes you want to shout HUMBUG! most of all?
Is Michael Jackson still alive?
What does the Fox say?
WHEN WILL IT STOP IN BRITAIN?
What are your resolutions for 2014?!!?
can sky miles be donated to one person from different people?
Im a Scotsman and proud of the fact and Thats not Independence?
Subscription for channel news asia wih singtel?
£594m,Should we increase parking enforcements many times just for the council income?
Should Gay American Diplomats be arrested by India and China?
will there ever be a yugioh tournament in Lebanon (in the middle east), if there will, when and where ?
'Twins' themed party ideas?
is dennis rodman a spy in north korea?
Currently is anyone planning on travelling for Christmas today in the wind and the rain?
ledger solved examples?
I wanted to know what's the name of this couple at 2013 BET awards?
Do you think that Rachel Scott was in on the Columbine Shooting plot?
What are the longest Canadian cigarettes you can buy ?
Is America going shameless?
QUESTION: DID CLAIRE DAVIS GET SURGERY?
Does GQ Magazine ask the same questions to all their interviews? (Phil Robertson)?
Why do you care more about Duck Dynasty than the 17 year old killed by the cops?
How is Obama going to force?
how can i improve my storys?
why is barbie bassett no longer on wlbt?
Do you think Obama has/was successful in ending the Iraq/Afghanistan wars?
Why did Big Time Rush end?
Why is the former Philadelphia Eagles cheerleader turned soldier special?
I feel embarrassed on vine! Help?
Is the Danish Prime Minister hot?
What did he do ? Richard Nixon when he went to China ?
How come the bodies from the Lockerbie disaster fell to the ground intact?
What do you think of the North Korean dictator killing his family members?
has anyone watched al sharpton for more that 5 minutes and not think the end is soon?
What was John Eisenhower famous for, son of Dwight Eisenhower?
What do you think is really going on in Africa ?
Do you think NFL GAMES ARE FIXED?
Care to help me with a short biography?
What does the fox say?
Egypt is being too soft on MB terrorists?
How to get a RT or a reply from Demi Lovato?
Why is M&S allowing sharia law in it's stores in UK?
Has Iran changed lately and should the west believe their nuclear promises to the West?
Where can I find the Western Sahara News?
What do you good people make of this?
The latest insult from the ECHR, how long can we tolerate these things?
Syria must answer for British surgeons death?
Would you agree with him?
Is this true? Should I change majors then?
what is a showbiz star?
What did Phil Robertson originally say that started this whole controversy?
Why have they Destroyed Arts & Entertainment Network?
Is India's Hindu organization RSS a patriotic group?
I am having access issues with some of the sections I have like TOP STORIES. Page will not work, why?
Is 12pm really midnight and not noon? Did the 21st century begin in year 2001 and not year 2000?
celebritity deaths of 2013?
How would you explain to someone who does not \get\ it why Justine Sacco was fired for her tweet?
Ideas on what to do for a loveable rogues concert banner?? Me and my friend are going to one next year?
How much money would it take to meet One Direction?
David Coleman - RIP...will 'Private Eye' show total respect in their next issue?
Did anybody else watch the Andrew Marr show?
difference between article and feature?
Why did the Jews Get the Romans to kill Jesus?
Queen Elizabeth 11 of England is a Pretender to Throne of Scotland?
will target execs be held accountable or will their employees be shaken down to make up the financial losses?
cruise shipwrecks since the 2000?
Why doesnt Britain have it again?
Why is North Korea so leaderless?
Sid Vicious Sex pistols face now?
The enemy of my enemy is my friend- true or false?
Why is it that the benefits system see fit to bother people over Christmas (read details below)?
What's the difference between radio news-story and Tv?
how to wish happy new year 2014?
Why won't mainstream media cover the fact over 2000 Architects and Engineers say 9/11 demolition job?
Why does US want to attack iran?
Which of these countries are currently hosting Syrian refugees?
why do reporters use the same people as sources when publishing articles?
memorable moments of 2013?
Are smokers repulsive drug addicts in denial? And if so...?
Who is this UNCLE SAM ?
Politician in Australia only make it look like there helping aboriginal people when election time is around.?
What was the last great news you got?
What do the people of Afghanistan and Iraq think of the Unites States?
Has Mark Levin commented on Michael Savage replacing Sean Hannity?
Where is Bob Geldof now?
Will editors look at my Am Lit grade?
Turkey PM Erdogan Friday Night Massacre(s)?
Have the British forgotten who they are?
Do you believe in Steve Harvey's innocence on the child abuse allegations?
Why are black Women more successful than black Men?
Gun deaths in the USA are huge, suicide per year 35600 approx, What a 'Great Place to Live!!!'?
Has that Fox News woman been fired yet for claiming Jesus and Santa Claus were white?
A&E Phil Robertson Commando Duck Dynasty is there a petition I could vote for him?
What does the fox actually say?
Who was responsible for the downing of Pan Am Flight 103?
does anyone elses priest dance and scream at the altar like obamas rev wright does?
What's happening in Kenya right now?
ESPN ANCHOR WOMEN?(Sexy or Unprofessional?)?
Why do journalists use the same people as sources when reporting on politics?
Do people in other countries want Americas style of Healthcare?
Can you get a brail version or talking app for newspapers like the i in the UK or any other newspapers?
What site does the Democrats?
what year did henry fonda die?
why can't I find olympus has fallen on brighthouse cable in daytonna?
I need help finding an obituary.?
what channel is et on comcast in mass?
if you are accused of theft of money over 3,000 how long do you have to press charges on that person ?
Does anyone know a Free downloadable countdown timer? It would be a great help if you do!?
Should the US be worried about India's reaction over a mistake by our police department?
its on publish america?
Would Russia win 2007 bid for Olympics 2014 if Anti-adoption and Anti-gay propagand laws were?
Is anyone watching the 35th repeat of Del and Rodders in Miami?
How long does it take for your articles to be published in. Yahoo Voices after. submission?
Can the victims of Climate Change sue to be rescued from rising sea levels that will destroy their countries?
What is the best news you got for 2013 e.g. marriage, child, gift, incidence etc.?
Ancient Tamil Music-First Tamil music lexicon Released. Will it help to do further research on ancient music?
what do you think of Afghanistan?
Why do you call terrorists Muslim?
Why Is Kate Gosselin SuingEx-Husband Jon?
Why does Argentina think they should have the Falklands?
phil robertson, your thoughts?
How to report a pedophile?
Is there a net work or website to meet fellow Americans working on base here in the UK?
Why does Chris Kobielus rip off thousands of dollars from people?
Do you like the new Miley Cyrus or the old one?
Why are people against Bankers, Financial Services workers?
If BOTH Bushes were never elected, would gas still be $1.50 a gallon?
Was north korea threatening nuclear attack on us stupid?
How can I stop Yahoo News from refreshing until after I've made time to read a particular article?
Why are we wasting money, time having troops in South Sudan?
what is asean nuclear free zone?
How to Deal with Copycats?
Christmas present help .-.?
is that a bump on the back of kim jong un's head?
is the media lying about the war?
Why is Britain starting to behave the same as USA?
Why are the American People Not treated Like the British People?
hows the media tricking people about war?
What happened to Abusto Energy?
Why are Isalmics and hebrews got it?
Why does followers of Mahamoud do it?
Whats the best laptop choice for me? [plz ans soon]?
Charles Saatchi illusionist extraordinare?
Do you or do not, support Duck Commander Duck Dynasty?
Which OPEC countries don't sell oil in US dollars?
UN wants £4 billion for humanitarian aid in Syria ?
What is white peoples problem with black people?
Ancient Tamil Music: Yazh instrument introduced to Global Audience by Yogeswaran. Will he bring more laurels?
TeamNigellaTheBrand.Com: Will you lose any sleep whether her US \career\ goes well?
Why rapes and gang-rapes have increased in Delhi ,India?
Why do the youth tend to shun listening to development communication programmes on the radio?
Is this story really true?
CNI Today News why Current News Of India HOw?
should scott and carly date?
Ancient Tamil Folk Arts to propagate Science and other awareness.Isn't a cost effective method?
Now that EVERYONE has to have some form of health care...?
Why can't this Syrian civil war stop ?
Where can I buy real \prisoner\ shackles?
why does America still think it's the center of the world?
Hey can anyone send me like $10 million on GtaV I know people r getting banned so I'm well aware?
Is it true Celine Dion is divorced?
Did Sean Penn affect an Argo like rescue of the US tycoon in Bolivia?
Is Sea World abusing Killer Whales?
Why did North Korea wait 60 yrs. before returning our deceased soldier ?
steve perry/journey/seperation/why?
What do you think happened at the Dyatlov Pass incident?
Which is the worst threat to the United States out of the three I have to pick from? # one Obama?
19. Which of the following statements is true with regard to Pakistan?
How to send your story to warner brothers or something?
Why does the news media support a lie?
What percentage of young uns understand we must obey Israel?
Did Sea World set the record straight? If it's not true, why not sue the movie production?
Because so many people are losing their jobs?
Where is the section in which we would write comments about your news articles?
Who won X factor 2013?
Why don't we do something to stop North korea?
Anyone else at peace right now?
Is the real reason Dennis Rodman goes to North Korea all the time is so he can get speech lessons?
channel 4 news implicates palestinian muslim terrorists in the Lockerbie atrocity?
Has SNL done any comedy skits on the meeting between Obama and the Danish Prime Minister?
Are you concerned that the U.S. media is being censored by the government?
Am I interpreting this clause correctly?
when does spencer tell the girls she is on A team?
Why do people say no to the death penalty but......?
I want to be an editor or a copy editor. Should I start a blog?
Why is te 3D printed gun such a big deal?
Can I major in English and still be an editor?
What are peoples opinions on the new info concerning Libya?
explain leads from overpopulation?
Did anyony ever figure out what stopped the drilling machine big bertha in seattle?
Where i can find channel Ten live on internet??
What key information do readers get from this exchange between Pip and Miss Havisham?
what exactly did Phil Robertson say that was so offensive and why do people care?
How to register a news website in Sweden?
Did anyone find Phil from Duck Dynasty's comments funny?
Would you go gay or bi if the media threatened to call you homophobic?
why would the goverment keep things secret?
what change took place in the government of Iraq in mid-2004?
How could you sum up 2013 in one sentence?
How did Edward Snowden, Julian Assange and Jeffrey Manning hurt average Americans by exposing the truth?
Can someone break down exactly what happened to the health care act without Bias opinions?
Are people upset about these comments by Phil Robertson (duck dynasty)?
Do you think Ian Watkins deserves the death penalty?
Will they notify the families of the homeless that died during these cold snaps?
How many corporate owned business closed in the past three years?
Phil Robertson comments?
What do you think of A+E's response to the Phil Robertson GQ article?
Is this not US hypocrisy?
where can i find an aerial tour of calakmul ruins?
so how many racist socialists work over at Rochdale social services and the police service there then?
How to add specific cities to the local news tab?
How do you like your sprouts?
Does US really need to harm it's relation with India by this unnecessary Devyani incident?
Have you bagged any bargains in the week before Christmas sale?
Are you surprised to hear the Grimsby Mosque bombers have been sentenced to six years?
2 agricultures in Afghanistan?
Which is more ridiculous? Govt's attempt to ban guns , cigarettes, or control the womb?
Has anyone had erroneous charges due to the Target data breach?
Are they any free social media websites that has new pics?
Theatre collapse; London tickets may have become expensive, but how much is spent on the upkeep?
Does it make good business sense for stores to start their sales tomorrow?
did he really spend 20 years listening to rev wright?
Even though Nigella Lawson admitted to taking cocaine, why has she not been charged for it?
why is aiden teaming up with Victoria to make Emily pay??
Is there a source of information concerning drugs pipelines?
For those of you that signed up for the so called Obama Care...?
For those that have been on welfare?
If Saatchi's/Lawson's hired help are not guilty does that mean prosecution witnesses lied?
Diffence beetwen .html & .htm?
Why Syria can't have chemical weapos and Israel can?
The Grillo Sisters Not Guilty?
why havent we ban ted cruz?
Why does David Cameron always have to shout in the Commons?
Looking for name of California group similiar to Narconon in 70s and 80s?
i had a thing show up on my computer called apeak proxy what is that?
why usa did not follow their own precedent Raymond Allen Davis to handle indian diplomat issue?
Bring Back Capital Punishment in UK For the Guilty?
What colour is a British English Person?
Does it effect Americans even today?
Do You know why Muslims do it?
why ISRAEL has allow and permit to have nuclear bomb but IRAN dont allow to have?
Indian Media is corrupt express your view?
Why does Islamic countrys want it from us?
Indian Media is corrupt express your view?
Where can I find the answer key of UP Police Constable exam which was held on 15th december 2013?
Was 9/11 a conspiracy?
Reasons for becoming a journalist?
West End Show brings the House down?
Woolwich: Pity that the News goes on and on and on about it in graphic detail?
INDIAN Media is corrupt Put your view points.?
\character is the result of a system of stereotyped principals.\ -David Hume?
flow digram our goverment organisation?
Why do I have to sign in everytime I want to go read public news??
How do i report news on yahoo?
Postal delivery failure?
Are you one of the 52% that doesn't like Obama?
Was Sangeeta Richard actually a CIA agent that's why US is so protective?
Bigotry and Duck Dynasty's Phil...?
How long would Jamie Reynolds would have received in another part of the country?
What would be the cause for a new American Revolution?
Has the U.S been involved with Syria yet or is he just planning?
How do I organize an event?
War 'Right' On! hELP?
What is mean by LOVE ?
World top news organization?
Who is the best & worst reporters & news presenters in ndtv?
what are sub headings?
what are some most reported social media crimes?
How would I contact A&E network about a comment?
Which of the following developments in Iraq in 2004 occurred LAST?
how does the invasion of hong kong by japan relate to current events?
overpopulation in 2050??
Why are people upset over Duck Dynasty comments?
How were the 1920's gangsters related to corruption ? Examples?
Phil Robertson thoughts and opinions?
Is it a newsworthy article?
Dhoom 3 Public Review?
Article 21 of constitution of india ?
American soldiers in Juba , South Sudan , evacuating folk why ?
Is the civil war in sudan still going on?
What are the names of the 19 hijackers in 9/11?
Does Osama Bin Laden have any crazy vengeful children that we should be worried about ?
Why I hate the history channel?
Where are the leaked documents or .gov websites that say agenda 21 involves killing people?
Do advertisers have the *RIGHT* to create brand representatives that they feel truly enhance the brand?
Has America returned to the dark days of religious persecution by denying freedom of speech,Ask Phil Robertson?
Did anybody know Mikelle Biggs a little girl who went missing in arizona back in 1999?
What do you guys think are 2013's Top Ten News Stories?
Do advertisers have the *RIGHT* to create brand representatives that they feel truly enhance the brand?
How do terrorist group leaders influence the suicide bombers’ commitment to carrying out the attack?
Why did Sarah Palin resign as Alaska Governor?
Why did the roof collapse at the theatre in London today?
Thoughts on Blog I wrote?
Why do people want everyone to be \politically correct\ ?
Do you think it is fair for Pakistan to claim Kashmir using muslim population as an excuse?
india blocked barricades that blocked car bombers?
how is paul rusesabagina able to procure favors from people during the crisis?
why did Miley cyrus change so goddam much?
Why did Marilyn Monroe kill herself when she made famous quotes about living?
What is racist about Phil Robertson's (from Duck Dynasty) remarks?
If the zionist entity were to attack Iran unprovoked, what would the possible international response be?
Why is Piers Morgan getting in on things in USA he is not an American ?
Why do conservatives always bring up free speech when someone is being criticized for anti-gay remarks?
How should I buy Gamma Blue Retro 11's online on release date?
What is the name of the music that's used in the new The Weather Channel Local Forecast in 2013?
Why would a highly educated and brilliant man like Phil Robertson of Duck Dynasty fame make remarks that make?
Should we really avoid visiting the US?
How rich is Phil Robertson? He just got laid off from Duck Dynasty. Will he survive?
What does the fox say?
Should known Tory voters be turned away from foodbanks ? Or should foodbanks be neutral in whom they feed ?
Submarine Time: ........do you know the answers to the questions below?
Can someone explain....? This is AMERICA.?
why can,t i leave a comment on news?
Should MPs/Ministers be forced to be in Parliament when the House discusses issues relating to their policies?
What was Ray Bradbury's childhood like?
Will an independent Scotland end up becoming right-wing?
How many people camp out for the Rose Bowl, either on average or last year's estimated number?
For all those living in London, if you decided to move, where would you go?
When is Barbra Walters most fascinating people of 2013 air?
After \Masterchef\ what next from the BBC?
When will Sarah Palin leave the spotlight? Her 15 minutes of fame were gone 4 years ago?
*Hypothetical question* If Lee Rigby's murderers were found not guilty do you think there would be riots?
Is Osama Bin Laden's compound back on the real estate market?
who personally strip searched indian diplomat?
What is a good loan for Haiti?
what is the weather like in charleston west virginia in april and may?
what is the postal code of saudi arabia?
Why did Obama lie about being from Kenya?
how do i find images of a car accident that happen in clinton ind on 63?
50 plus years for the basterds that butchered Lee Rigby is that fair or should they?
How does Cornelia Grummans use pathos and logos in her essay 'When Believing Isn't Seeing'?
did a seriel killer say this in an interview?
Can you give me common daily examples of community cohesion?
Why do we have freedom of speech if we cant use it!?
Is there a possibility that Obama will resign soon?
what is all these cartoons about Obama lying?
Can a dentist be a new anchor Aswell? Best answer 10 points?
Women - Given that Brad Pitt turned 50 yesterday, do you think he has lost his looks?
Why do so many TV weather reporters have to say \and I am METEOROLOGIST John Doe\?
Was I wrong in thinking this cant be right?
what are the highlight of 2014 Euro Shop?
Lost Icon for Un-ban memner(in actions)?
Scientists have discovered a new body part,and you thought your doctor knew what he was on about?
HS2, runways and motorways?
What goes on at the argument hearing within the debate and plea?
Is Iran's Leader Ali Khamenei An Ayatollah, A Grand Ayatollah, Or A Marja? And What Is The Difference.?
Why does Britain have so many?
What were the 'vague rumours' about rajam circulated at the school ?
First Santa Claus was a woman?
What would you say and do to a Royal Scrounger?
Should we in the UK be worried?
should india be punished or retaleated againsed for leaving the u.s embassy open to attack?
There are murders every week in UK so are those victims who don't make the news for the public to discuss?
How india will develope?
Is London draining life from the rest of the UK?
why do indians respect home breaking actresses?
great train robbery 1963 ulsterman?
Now Ian watkins has been sentenced?
Would you consider moving into a proposed fracking area if you had the choice?
Osama Bin Laden killed? but innocent people died too? or were they guilty too?
How many terrorists have been stopped by TSA grope-downs?
Did the Saudis chemical strike syria?
What's the deal with the liberal/democrat/republican comments on yahoo articles?
Please provide some links to interesting articles/blogs/websites to read.?
Why didn't the Government hire a US based and operated company to construct healthcare.gov?
what are some good human issues in canada?
what are some news sources not from america?
All awards Taylor swift won in 2013?
Happy Holidays? What Holy Day are you speaking of? Christmas?
2013, some are saying the iraq dinar is close to going up in value real soon. is this true?
Phil Robertson/ Gay Rights?
Why did the right call Mandela a criminal, but then call Biggs a hero?
good writers¿ ¡homework help!?
Is there refugee camp in dakar senegal?is there a girl name miss lynda Coulibaly?
Will Indian media realize now that broadcasting Indian-Americans story is not right as they showed their true?
Why do a lot of revolutions against monarchs and dictators result in dictatorships that are just as bad?
Why isn't journalism considered a prestigious career?
Was this Western media propaganda against Assad government and forces?
Who else is outraged about Phil Robertson getting fired.?
Are we at war with syria?
What happened at the beginning of the French and Indian war?
What are your thoughts now that the UN chemical weapons report confirms Assad innocent of sarin gas attacks?
How old is Matt Rasmussen?
how many people die annually from hydrofracking?
What do ya'll think about What Miley Cyrus has become?
Instead of killing humans slowly with GMO,why goverment dont bring a law of not having more than one child?
Why didn't michael go back for tatiana if he felt horrible about her firing by frank dileo?
Would you be upset if you were Michelle Obama after pres took selfies with Danish promise minister?
What is the song used in the Pandora Internet Radio \Now Broadcasting. You.\ advertisement?
Kim Jung Un: Is he crazy?
did adam lanza have a psychiatrist?
why does norway not have the death penalty?
why does james holmes have orange hair when the joker never had orange hair?
what does the fox say?
Were there security cameras in the 1980's?
what is the western view of putin?
Is this how most liberals felt about Obama before he became president?
Current topic involving conflict resolution?
what kind of camera does roman atwood use?
Jeffrey Dahmer victims?
What are some moments in time whenever social media claimed something was true, but it wasnt?
who won the voice dec 17 2013?
Is there a way to access a BBC 2 radio programme from 1 year ago?
Would you consider moving out of a proposed UK fracking area?
What does Media Production involve and what jobs and careers can you get into?
With the rise in the cost of living and government spending cuts ?
A Commercial Skit about Fallacy of the Third Cause?
Left wing newspapers in the uk?
what are the best websites for writers to find freelance work ?
If Ronnie Biggs were black, would he still be getting immense tributes from so many people for being a thief?
Is it time to shut your TV Off, disconnect internet , stop reading newspaper ( specially Indians )?
Should the USA spy on every nation and every human being?
Where has ' spell checker' gone ?
can you live stream the ball drop online.?
Is anyone else watching Ricky Gervais being a knob on The One Show?
Recall the documentary 'College, Inc'?
Are london council tenants irresponsible drunkards who bankrupt themselves with booze over xmas?
If 1% of woman believe that they've had an immaculate conception, does that make Christmas less special?
Do English people know that when Scotland becomes independent, England itself many not be part of the EU ?
do some news stories have the exact same verbage?
Melissa and Michaella only got 6 years – what do you think?
What if Japan invades S.Korea again?
It is not rocket science is it? If there were fewer households would there be more money?
Is it a crafty move on Cameron's part to delay an EU referendum until 2017 , knowing that the?
Why should 16-17 vote 'yes' in the upcoming Scottish Referendum?
For compromise should we read surrender?
Never mind what Britain demands, why are we even contemplating such a move?
gideon loses £230m selling Lloyds bank,are tories always flippant with taxpayers money when selling to their?
How did the issue of Asylum seekers coming to Australia develop?
Ed Balls described as a turkey? Really? Is he that tasty?
Ian Watkins paedophile? 10 points?
Have you seen, Ronnie Biggs, Great Train Robber, dies at 84?
whats the amazon kindle advert uk song? december 2013?
Lead singer of my favourite band gets 35 years in jail?
Should US apologise to India?
why does the left not see hezbollah as a terrorist organisation?
A good thesis for the new york draft and riots?
Mega Lolz Indeed Mr W?
What is the prodedure for advance booking in pvr cinemas ?
Is it time these 'artists' were told that the tripe they produce is neither art nor beautiful?
Is this was passes for humour among certain sectors of society?
Should beggars be cleared off the streets?
Why do they keep making Musicals out of any old tat in the West End?
Why do you support the death penalty?
What's the view on asylum seekers in Australia By the different parties in aus government?
And I thought that Bono was out to save the world?
What is the name of the special regiment that just does that only for Royalty and Household Cavalry.?
Who is pakistan/canada actress ifrah noor and why are people bullying at her?
Media Portrayal of The Romans?
Justin Bieberbrat to quit music?
I am wondering if the shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary?
Question about 'Panorama: The Romanians are Coming' BBC Documentary?
How many Dual Passport MP's are there in the UK Parliament?
Can Somone Please Expplain To Me - What Is A Hub Airport?
Why is it misconduct for a journalist to have sex with the person she is setting up?
Did Israel deliberately release dam's to flood Palestine?
why is it important to get the audience involved.?
Opposition to ending world hunger?
Is this News proof positive that there is a God & that Father Christmas has come early?
Why do we have Pagan traditions at Christmas?
Whats your most embarrassing job you have had?
News Magazine on Alzheimer's?
Why did Eldo Kim's anonymity precautions fail? How was he identified?
Currently, does anyone know how to work the new Purple Mobile version of this site?
Why did 911 attacks happen?
The BBC have killed Ronnie Biggs?
Is it true that one of the classified documents that Eric Snowden liberated from the NSA details how the...?
Stradivarius up for auction today but how much will it fetch?
What do you think Queen Victoria would have said about todays Royalty?
Do you think London is best city for immigrants to rob the rich?
Why should the lessons of the Holocaust never be forgotten?
Has she taken the adage 'Charity begins at home' too far? Or is empowering?
how does conservatism impact a country?
Would you try this spray to prevent pain from high heeled shoes?
Why do some people think they can do what they like and not suffer any consequences?
What do people of other countries think about india?plz do answer?
One down.....should the other 349 be allowed to return to Britain if they survive?
Wastebook writen about Government spending?
Justin Beiber retires! How will you cope now that he has decided to deny us his great talent?
If entering US with false Visa was Devyanis crime then why US does not punish illegal Mexican immigrants?
Was a BBC news flash really needed for the death of Ronnie Biggs?
Will this create greater interest in an old crime story?
Liverpool crown court kevin dodd 20/12/2013 remanded at walton liverpool 6/12/2013?
If US much interested on justice then why they dont hand over Bhupal Gas leak culprit Anderson to India?
I want to go to Columbine High School and get my head blown off. How shall I proceed?
Does anyone know any good links for the man gulch fire of each survivors individual report?
Will electronics lead to the destruction of \in person\ sociability?
We know Barack Hussein Obama would vote for himself, but will he sign up for his own Obamacare?
Is it true that smoking age in NY state is 21 now?
double major in communications and public relations?
Wait if Nelson Mandela was a real person, does it mean Snakes on a Plane was a true story?!?
What do you think of 0bama legalizing wind farms killing bald eagles?
Does anybody know where I can get a really good documentary about migration and refugees?
Is it a new trend sweeping our country, people shooting other people?
Who has interviewed more people , OPRAH OR BABWA WAWA(BARBARA WALTERS )??
what do you call that way to summarization an article?
How does this article prove my theme?
How many right wing would refuse to help a pregnant immigrant, how would the daily mail report this story?
What is the ad campaign that was done in London to raise money for expanding the natal care unit of a hospital?
what channel does mega millions come on in moreno vally California?
what channel does mega millions come on in moreno vally California?
what channel does mega millions come on in moreno vally California?
Is Barack Obama a role model in the Black community?
(U.S.A) Read whole question! Where to read about politics for a beginner?
How does my blog look and how are the articles?
What parts of the brain are they talking about and why did they not include it in the article?
Very Interesting News Article?
What is your opinion about killing animals?
What phone should I get as of December 2013?
is smoking marijuana legal on the unites states?
Most of the popular female journalist are not married?
Who makes money on the US Lotteries other than winners?
Why is America looked down upon for going into Afghanistan?
Who should have Israel?
Has Iran sent monkeys into space ?
Why does Yahoo news always list a certain amount of stories and after going through them the reader finds that?
What does the fox say?
A TANZANIAN SIAMESE BOYS WERE OPERATED AND SEPARATED SUCCESSFULLY AT APOLLO HOSPITAL CHENNAI.HOW TO SEE VIDEO?
Who else feels that the nation is turning more Republican?
Why tell the story of Exodus in the way that it is told?
has anybody ever choked to death on glitter?
question: what is Bill O'Reilly favorite candy?
Is this bank robber smart or what?
How to pass the next week super fast? PLEASE HELP.?
I want to be a tech reviewer any suggestions how?
There's a strange man outside...?
How did participating in discussions help your understanding of the subject matter? Is anything still unclear?
Anyone else getting docked points for failed appeals when no q or a deleted, let alone appealed?
what was the theme of barack obamas 1st inaugural address and did he choose it?
good heading for an article about getting rid of advertisements?
Why haven't they killed/release Tilikum?
is it possible to buy things from hmv online?
What happened with Kim Jong's Uncle-in North Korea?
why do they Santa to be black?
What are good tv shows to watch now? 2013 december?
i can't see who has been posting comments on forums?
How did the afghanistan war start? drugs? IMPORTANT!!!! PLEASEEEE?
How did the issue of Asylum seekers coming to Australia develop?
Nowadays, if you wanted to find out about a previous, local crime...?
Why are Assylum seekers an issue for Australia?
what is the best free way to layout my zine for printing?
why are Assylum seekers an issue for Australia?
Need PSA Project Ideas?
Why does Washington take orders from Britain concerning Syria?
what lessons have been learnt from the capitalists global financial crash of 2008, was it just a little blip?
The invasion Of Normady ?
Now we know where the 7 deadly Sins are according to News report on Yahoo: Do you agree with this map?
Have Putin and the Ukrainian government effectively defeated the protesters?
is a degree in history a fast track route into a career as an accountant or economist?
is it to late for obama to cancell the affordable healthcare act?
What are some good Articles that have to do with Asia I can review?
what would I be able to do with a journalism major?
Your goal is to try to persuade fellow colonists to boycott British goods.?
identify ABC News reporter Scali s comments to Aleksandr Fomin on October 27, 1962?
Who said a prayer for Claire today?
Were you impressed by the sincerity of Cameron's \mission acomplished\ statements?
how do i get to pitchess detention center from imperial and western on trian?
UN wants £4 billion for aid for refugees in Syria ?
Under what conditions would Tony abbott call an early election (double d)?
Do you think that the arrest of Armaan Kohli is justified?
What does this politcal cartoon mean?
Does America Negotiate with terrorist scum?
What if this happened in Gibraltar?
how many right wing would refuse to help a pregnant immigrant, how would the daily mail report this story?
How long should I stay at a friend's christmas party?
How to be an Israeli security expert?
Was it right to suspend a high school senior for a year for hugging a teacher?
Do they censor things in the UK?
what r some good websites to go to that have pictures of pitbulls i can download for free an post on my facebo?
what are good topics to write 15 pages on?
Is £300 a day enough for a Lord to go into the house of Lords for a snooze ?
What happens on 'Mad Friday'?
what is wrong with this picture: serco moan nhs contracts have not produced the profits it had hoped for?
why did pam anderson lose her money?
Relief in Haiti? How do I go back?
why didn't they just put it was the war that made America?
Anjem Choudary claims that Muslim restaurateurs selling alcohol face 40 lashes?
Will the Lost Prophets regroup under a different name do you think?
What is your Christmas day drink of choice?
nuclear fission chernobyl what was affected?
Nicki Minaj: \if you don't have anything nice to say, don't say anything at all\?
Half of Lords clock in to claim expenses: if we followed right wing logic, its not illegal ergo its ok? what?
Will Scottish independence end up like George Orwell's \Animal Farm\?
Do you hate throwing away books?
Was Dodi Fayed responsible for that crash?
is beer prices raising in 2014?
Why american put more emphasize on terrorism and allow corruption a field day? thanks.?
Would you like to wish our Jewish citizens a very happy Hanukkah (or Chanukah)?
Did 9/11 really happen?
Does anyone know where I can get the lyrics for this tune?
Is there any hope that the obnoxious and deluded Mr West will grow up before North?
How could she not know she had a big piece of bamboo in her face?
Should George Galloway be made Prime Minister of the UK?
Was it right for the US to treat Indian Deputy Consul General Ms Khobragade, by strip-seaching her?
What else is there to do near Oglebay in WV?
What makes someone fall in love with a pet?
Should the bus driver have been sacked or would 'sensitivity' training have been appropriate?
What are the most read newspapers in the UK?
Is this the tackiest competition ever devised?
Why have Russia put missiles in Kaliningrad?
Is this a variation on hiding things in books - to smuggle into prison?
whats wrong with my packages?
Secret Santa - a chance to be amusing or nasty?
Have sports in the news become just too much and is just a way to distract us?
When these two states are not even neighboring states why do people say if one wins one they will win both?
Why would a woman get pregnant in such a relationship?
When these two states are not even neighboring states why do people say if one wins one they will win both?
In the story the field of wheat how does the reader know that martha has experienced hardships before?
Why would anyone support Obama-care considering everything involved?
Did your parents provide for you? Or did they expect the state to bring up their babies?
Eight killed in crash in Afghan, was it enemy action? Would they affirm that if it were so?
As the vast majority of immigrants are non EU why is so much attention paid to a possible cap on EU migrants?
Has your face been your fortune?
So because France fails to protects its border it is Britain's fault? Why can't France just?
What subjects can I write about ?
What have the Syrians gained, besides misery & al Qaeda/Islamist overlords, by going after a career dictator?
Is this an example of the tolerance and respect for other faiths we hear so much about?
can i report mOHAMED al fayed to the police for this racist remark?
Why is Anna getting so much against Kejriwal........?
Why is it the FOs responsibility to bail out 'British' mercenaries and those interfering?
children personality, talent and health have direct link with sport or has direct link with sport . please sen?
The Government and the Word Disease?
Why do Fox try to make everyone who disagree with them look bad then act like they are the victims?
In What Way Was Qaddafis Libya The Last Functioning Example of Democracy?
I am trying to become an NBC Page in the fall? Any advice on what the process is like or how to help myself?
What is it with Prime Ministers when great actors die? Lawrence of Arabia, anyone...?
In your opinion, can journalism be objective?
Why would anyone support Obama-care considering everything involved?
i want to write articles for newspapers,i want know which is the best way to research for articles?
why does mHome Mail News Sports Finance Weather Games Groups Answers Screen Fly email page now look like this?
Sagacious Research Newsletter-16 Dec-2013?
What is really going on in the Nigella Lawson / Charles Saatchi case?
Should Members of the House of Lords be forced to put in a days work?
Diana was killed by her own drunk driver while fleeing the Paps...end of?
why Amazon Breakthrough novel award for this year 2014 not yet announced?
True or False: Possessing a gun means you won't get shot in your home?
krishi bikash shilpa kendra is now government organization? pleas any body informed me.?
Should we ignore certain supermarkets or are they all the same.?
Guitar song on CNN market?
DO ANY ONE KNOW WHY PEOPLE BELIEVE 80 PERCENT OF WHAT THEY HEAR AND 20 PERCENT OF WHAT THEY SEE?
What do you think in ref to Ebay?
Can anyone tell me if their was even one conservative who committed a mass homicide shooting?
Does this look like it might be Spontaneous Human Combustion?
Do you feel poorer then your parents?
How can I get latest breaking news?
newspaper report on 150th birth anniversary of swami Vivekananda'?
When left wingers in UK immigration debates say Romanians and 3rd Worlders should be allowed to come to UK and?
Lee Rigby's killers no longer being charged with conspiracy to murder a police officer?
newspaper report on 150th birth anniversary of swami Vivekananda'?
Does critisising and complaning about everthing make you clever ?
Is there any way I can get Larry Hoover address to write him?
Did anyone watch psychopath night on channel 4 the other day? What did you think?
Why was Victor Nealon jailed for life in UK fpr attempted rape yet asylum seeker rapists all get 8 or less yrs?
There are on average 2 murders per day in UK so how does the media decide which to promote to the public to be?
Procrastination?why does it exist?
Why didn't the media make a fuzz about?
lidia gutierrez in jail?
Where can I find real non altered World War 2 combat footage?
Why won't Iraq give the Kurds the independence and freedom they want?
What event in history has damaged the relations between iran and the U.S. the most?
any UFO news lately these months?? i want to know?.?
how many channels you get in Kansas City? do you get sports channel, cnn and what movie channels?
Why is this? All these school shooters are Democrats? Or have Liberal Beliefs, Why?
what 3 reasons would you give for mass immigration into the u.s being a major factor in building america valua?
MSNBC Ed Schultz from the ED Show?
The Retreat , grito de panico .http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K8e8L0u7WcI?
I need someone to summarize this article about space?
Is it weird to give a guy a journal for Christmas?
Why do you think Charles Manson is one of the most fascinating & notorious criminals in modern history?
Can't find clip news clip from daily show/colbert report?
Death recors or accident reports information?
I really want to go to vidcon?
afghanistan conflicts int he past 5 years?
when i click on news story with video, can only see left half of video?
analyzing a video help?
How does one distinguish nutrition information from misinformation on the internet and in the news?
What are the guidelines for Yahoo News content submission?
Anyone got any funny NSA title for my research paper?
Looking for a good newspaper headline for my story on relationships effected by the oil industry?
Bin Laden is dead who's next top Target?
Why did Koreas present leader have his girl friend killed?
What channel is truTV on dish network?
Does anyone know where I can watch an interview of Paul Walker on Le Grand Journal?
If 10% of earth population is suffering from mental health problems today, why is it happening now?
Suicide Bombers never do what they want, they are forced to do it with fear of death of their family.?
Am I just a conspiracy nut, or was something wrong with 9 11?
Does anyone else think Megan Kelly from Fox is overrated?
What are the main reasons why America lost the Vietnam war?
This monster should not be allowed out, who put him up to this?
Current event \Christmas\: when are you on holiday for Xmas?
Is the US worth immigrating to?
Regarding Heathrow and HS2, is change too scary for modern Britons?
do you think thatcher's funeral was more dignified than mandela's?
When did it become illegal to store anti-freeze in your PET drinks bottles?
Is the NSA really spying on World of Warcraft?
Was nelson mandela a boxer? i keep hearing about him on tv?
Why is Islam a threat to world peace?
Twin Towers 9/11 World Trade Centre?
Question about possible future military event in 2014 of the united states?
what is your favourite christmas carol?
Should American schools have a paintball day once a month ?
Scots: Will you miss the BBC in an independent Scotland?
Am i a bad person for laughing as i watch US do napalm bombing runs?
what is the price of fair n lovely face wash in pakistan?
why is the media hyping the coming of the influx of romanian immigrants next year?
watch the ball drop online?
Where was CNN's Brooke Baldwin born?
Is abortion responsible for the decrease in crime here in America?
how did the spanish view uk criminals flooding creating costa del crime?
where is steve dahl today?
Has eminem ever been to india?? why there is not a single show of him though he has billions of fans here??!?
Was the Colorado shooter even attempting a mass shooting?
When will the Swiss Parliament debate the Basic Income?.?
Question on ticketmaster?
Good documentary, book or video on how to make posters?
are slave masters operating as charities, are they most likely to vote tory or labour?
which is the best media to give advertising about my event management?
If we only count people entering the UK and not those leaving, how is 'net migration'?
Which Faith is main Faith in USA?
Ineos boss: Hinkley C nuclear energy too expensive, was cameron advertising, UK is open to Rip off Britain?
Does Muslims do it in Pakistan as well?
Why will my news feature only show the 1-5 of 60 items?
Centuries of cultural and commercial interaction between South Indian kingdoms&Cambodia.What is your view?
Wasn't Obama born in the U.S.?
Define British in England?
why do Uflippers think they can control immigration, when the tories have failed?
Scam Alert. You may have seen it but just in case?
Who bombed Judi bari?
Who among us has a way to better manage 300 million people?
were bitcoins created to highlight the failed ideology of capitalism, are money launderers happy its legal?
What has caused the current situation in Syria?
Name of University city 92122 news letter?
What do you think about Miley Cyrus wanting to \free the nipple\?
Thoughts on Katie Hopkins? Journalists or Trash talker?
Isn't it time that Affirmative Action be applied to Professional Basketball?
How did China put a rover on the moon?
why did america dropped Nuclear bomb on Hiroshima?
can someone list 3 MAJOR issues in Australia today?
Help! My daily Agenda is now in French!?
Can anyone tell me if their was even one conservative who committed a mass homicide shooting?
Do you feel that celebrities personal affairs should be broadcast on your local news station?
Why am I being asked to download Adobe Flash Player in order to watch a video in a Yahoo news/sports article?
what are 3 Major issues facing Australia today?
Did you know that it's snowing in the middle east and Vietnam? Is God trying to tell us something?
after news articles we give ourcomments after Huff Post wants us to regirst take ours time no why only them?
Mayor Rob Ford told his friend Conrad Black he'd take a urine test now .Why wait so long to take one ?
So, how much does Strictly actually cost in wages?
Do you believe Fukushima nuclear disaster never happened...?
Who Won The Syrian Silver War? Was It The Rebels (Confederacy) Or The Assad (Union)?
Why do male Daily Mail readers objectify women so much?
when i try to read a headline i get a black page with a list of sports from athletics to all sorts , the story?
China has just sent a rocket to the moon?
Why only Muslims are the Terrorist everywhere in the World?
Was the NHS ever built around patient convenience?
Why are these 'unaccompanied' children allowed to pitch up here?
Do you think it was the Gainsborough and Constables that made him grope a young woman?
Why is there rioting in Ukraine?
Should the Govt take advice from a minority religious cult when it comes to immigration policy (see link)?
Is there a career out there that's similar to journalism but less stressful?
If Romania has such a problem with criminality, why were they allowed to join the EU?
Will they do the same with Jamaica and Pakistan?
I'm not saying that \Strictly\ is rubbish?
North koreas anticipation?
what is the scoop on this big brony uprising i hear about? please help me get my facts straight?
Is there still combat fights in Afghanistan?
Do u feel safe in India ?? One year gone #Nirbhaya incident?
What are the risks, incidents or accidents that might happen of operations at high residential building?
On the Comments area of yahoo articles.... is there any way to put a particular poster there on Ignore so I do?
Examples of current events/issues that are happening right now?
What are some quick and easy ways to keep up with the news?
Im 14 years old and I'm an A+ Student in English i was wondering how to get my writing in the newspaper?
What's the point of censoring bad language in TV shows and other media?
Can you run a country without going to war?
Upcoming Raves In NYC?
Can someone help me find this video?
Obamacare: What is it exactly?
Why are problems endless?
INFORMATIVE ESSAY INTRO ON TEEN PREGNANCY?
How can i debate this topic?
If JFK survived and lived a healthy and normal life, how would he have ended the Vietnam War much sooner?
Why doesn't the US intervine in Syria?
Still can't see yahoo news stories past the first 5 on the scroll. Anybody else having this problem?
I need help on creating a clever title for my paper on the NSA?
2013 Review Video Ideas?
how much snow fell in Watertown,New York in December 2013?
Sex in the media essay paper?
Did Al Sharpton or the Hasidic ambulance driver incite the Crown Heights Riots?
When Susan B. Anthony refused to pay a fine for her actions in the election of 1872, she (more info down)?
How did Don Ritchie die?
What topic on the NRA should my Patriotic Speech be on?
Jim, I entered a contest on the EllenTV.com. site for a $1000.00 gift card at Walmart. I won, this was on the?
Speech help about the holocaust!?
Are there any news articles that are pro Palestinian?
Are there any news articles that are pro Israeli?
What issues did many American colonists see with the articles of confederation?
what are some fact about paper airplanes?
Why is Syria considered bad?
I want an unopinionated news site?
Lawrence of Arabia dies- Did Peter O'Toole play any other roles?
Are there any news articles about the Palestine-Israeli conflict that are pro Israel?
Can foreign policy making be meaningfully seperated from foreign policy implementation?
What was motivation for blaming Libya when Iran was behind Lockerbie?
Does culture affect the media/western public oppinion of Islam rather than Islam itself?
Rank these five events from most significant to leats significant. 10 points for the best answer?
What are the formats for scripts for radio/audio news stories?
Iris Marion Young , Politics of Difference?
did the case of katz v united states remain relevant or has it been superseded by another case?
I NEED U.S GOVERMENT HELP!?
where can I watch the counseler movie 2013, please send link?
I need a tittle for my article?
With all these public shootings we get, why do ppl still want guns legal?
Whats up with this Sandy Hooks shooting Hoax idea?
He was said to be deid but others say that the news was false. So, where is he?
what would the impact on society be for this video?
Will the US go to war in the next 10 years?.?
I think you might call this 'being in denial'?
how to write an newspaper article on diamond mining?
What college credentials do you need to be a male news reporter?
Christmas-why do people bother?
Why can't Iran have nuclear weapons?
Why don't people cook at home instead of spending money on takeout and making someone else rich?
\The south lost the war, but they won reconstruction\?
What was the purpose for the fake sign language at the Mandela speech?
Why do we celebrate Nelson Mandella, (a terrorist)?
What will it take for Blacks to vote Republican?
Will South Africa end up like Zimbabwe now Mandela is gone ?
Why do you only blame North Korea and not China?
How does an author's use of Logos affect the argument?
Paul Walker death hoax?
how u surf da web for internet news editions?
What is the cause of the international issue of drones?
Can someone remind me how to get the green and white please?
Might they really put up a Satan monument in Oklahoma?
As MEPs, MPs and councillors seek ways of stopping the rise of the UK Independence party, Are we to see more?
Should The Goverment Force The Media And Hollywood To Intergrate?
Has anyone received or heard anymore about Clark v Astrue?
Is there any way to surf the web without the NSA spying on us?
What are your thought of Adolf Hitler?
What is your opinion on the fact that Canada Post is.....?
Did Obama lie about Muslim appreciation month?
The good and the bad of Nelson Mandela?
Christmas - overcommercialized or a religious holiday?
What Writing techniques does Charlie Brooker use?
What is role kaitrina kaif in movie race?
Is this an old wives tale or truth?
Is Doofox Industrial real or a fake company?
How many people have been imprisoned for being homosexual in Uganda?
Reportedly,black or tattooed people used in advertising ?
Should the principal of Arapahoe High School run?
Need a list of charitable trusts supported by Bollywood Celebrities?
Current issues around the world?
When is it appropriate ?
Do you think madeleine mccann is dead?
What are the different kinds of newspapers that people read?
Have you ever received or given a lump of coal for Christmas?
Poll: Do you think the coverage of Nelson Mandella's death by the BBC has been over the top/excessive?
Why do people call Palestinans \freedom fighters\ if they target innocent civilians?
Des O'Connor has died........................................?
China sends a spaceship to the moon ?
Why is it if you're among the white majority and are attacked it's just old news.?
Can anyone recommend me a journalist's gadget to attach to my phone to record phone-interviews?
If you allow women and men to sit together will temptresses cause debauchery?
How big a Turkey do you need for four people?
Have you received any Christmas rage yet, for example impatient drivers or shoppers?
Will todays youth be receiving a distorted unbalanced view of Mandela by the BBC?
Do you think limiting state benefits to two children is a sensible policy?
When did SKY News change it's name to \The Zuma Channel\?
Can people still remember names and faces from news articles?
i have completed my btech....i would like to do journalism...is that possible?
Behind every cup of the famed Ceylon tea is a faceless Tamil laborer.Is their cup of woes a storm in a teacup?
Why do you think it matters if Karl Pierson was an alleged socialist?
How to become a Tech reviewer/technology journalist?
What is the problem with kiran bedi? Why she is not polite? Why she is screaming during interviews?
Did fox's Megyn Kelly really say that she could be wrong about Jesus race.?
Where is the wrex the halls meet and greet pictures?
Should the Vatican open up its records regarding its cover-up of child abuse?
War? North Korea? China? Help?
Do you support Indian Supreme courts view about Homosexuality?
How does the freedom of assembly affect your daily lives?
Why was Miley Cyrus nominated for Person of the Year?
Need examples for corruption of info related to the media?
How did the insane asylum in pasadena burn down?
will there be a goverment shutdown in 2014?
Where were you when the Newtown tragedy first happened, and describe your reaction?
Could the United States occupy Iran like it did Iraq?.?
Did Michael Richards end up getting sued for the racial slur incident?
what are they going to do about Paul walkers death?
what do people got against the song b Woodstock by Matthews southern comfort?
How Do I Send A Letter to Veggitales?
What's your opinion about our popular media?
Those of you who watch FOX news, why?
Santa Susana Nuclear Meltdown...what happened that day?
There are conflicting reports. Wikipedia doesn't count. When did Nelson Mandela actually die?
What are some of the core issues in photographing war and tragedy?
how do i contact the sponsors of TMZ...(RETARDED?)?
Knowing what Obama was lying about Obamacare now, would Obamacare pass now?
I want to write a story. Any ideas?
Reason why global efforts to reduce terrorism have not been effective in the past decade?
Why is there so much Illuminati symbolism in media?
How concerned should we be about Iran's developing space program?
Anything comparable to the BBC in the US?
What should I choose for my double major?
Where can I find a local cosplay convention in north Carolina?
Does anyone know of an article stating that listening to music helps you work better? Very Important?
Why did the sheriff at the school shooting make such a point of praising the teacher?
Should the land be Israel or Palestine?
What are your views on bias?
Where is human trafficking most common?
Do Indians secretly long for British rule again?
sandy hook elementary shooting?
Why are the gun lovers so obsessed with the threat of the anonymous criminal?
why is it the media can do nothing for good unless its for them or their investors ?
what was the bbc live coverage of nelson mandela about this early evening?
How did the judge in the case of that Teen who killed 4 people think it was a good idea to send him to rehab?
Where would I be able to get a copy of a BBC programme first shown in the 1970s?
As pro palestinians call Israel a apartheid state ?
Why don't people understand that Apartheid was a money maker?
How sad is it that Israel didn't send a delegation to South Africa to honor nelson Mandela?
Who else agrees that Iran should have called the Monkey Mandela?
what channel is ESPN 3 on comcast?
Robin Hood (Politically Correct version) what do you think of the cast?
The shot fired to John F. Kennedy's neck killed him, or was it that shot to the head?
How do we use the liberal arts?
Muslim protest and threaten people, specifically other Muslims?
Why isnt china annexing North korea?
What time will Jingleball end?
Will drone strikes be a common occurrence in Europe soon ?
will the dinars ever RV?
Should the family's of criminals pay all legal and prison costs ?
Are you for the death penalty or against it?
Will UK worsen in the next 10 years?
\Allow someone from Yahoo to become my follower\?
how can I know when and if mainstream media is dishonest and unreliable or irresponsible?
has USA government initiated any programme?
What grudge did he have against the teacher?
Would an independent Scotland even be allowed to join the EU?
The Israeli-Palestinian Conflict? Good Idea?
How can i know my superstar latest news latest photo n where he is?
Has anyone been to Paris lately; is it still as bad as this with Roma gypsy thieves?
why do I suddenly need adobe flash player to open yahoo news videos-I already have adobe reader?
Silly name, stupid lost cause or Brave champions to free old Ireland?
Which States in USA dont really recognise?
Do you think America will ever be invaded by an Enemy?
Did the Fox News special \Behind the Obama Breakdown\ prove that they aren't fair and balanced?
Why is suicide romanticized?
Would you have joined the Nazi Party if Hitler had Invaded Britain?
Anjem Choudhury was in Brick Lane yesterday?
WHY SHOULDNT THE FOREIGNERS IN ENGLAND SPEAK ENGLISH?
ARE DRONE ATTACKS GOOD FOR TERRORISM???
news wont load and ticker will not advance past the first 5 stories. whats the problem?
why india consider every kashmiri person as a terrorist in every field?
Why are yahoo news articles always full of nothing?
Hitler actually admired Britain.?
Muslims want gender segregation in university's?
When is Beyoncé new album released in the UK?
Why did bangalore hal closed and devanahalli airport replaced it?
What can I do in a radio show?
Is it still possible to ask anonymously on Ask.fm?
I WANT TO OPEN A INTERNET NEWS PLEASE TELL ME PROCEDURE?
Cameron & Obama like flies round a honey pot?
How low can they get ..when you have?
Why do we want Alexander Blackman freed?
What is your mental age? Are you down with the kids or a pipe and slippers type?
Who is this Nick Clegg person, who doesn't smack his children?
Obese on chocolate mousse and sweets. Is she deserving of NHS diet pills and a?
Did Cameron take a \selfie\ or did somebody take a \photo\ of him?
The BBC............... why do they not know what they're talking about?
And do they really expect this situation to improve? Foreign students ripping off student loans....?
Why did the BBC ignore Mandela for 30 years but now fill in their schedule gaps with hours of him?
Riot-hit Muslims are still afraid to leave relief camps:?
what happened to the greek police office who was hit by a molotov bomb?
Will Russia nuke the U.S.?
i want to know about the author Abdul Rasheed iraqi..his introduction etc..plz anybody help me?
Is Megyn Kelley of Fox News a liar ?
who is abdul rasheed iraqi..i want to know about him..his introduction etc..plz help me?
I want to create a newspaper/comic/ads paper how do I do that?
No military time on Armitron Watch?
How is newspaper designed?
Is Justin Bieber's movie Believe 3D playing anywhere in Milford Pennsylvania?
Was muhamad ali, scared of getting killed in the vietnam war?
What should the US do with the Americans fighting in Syria?
Why is the Liberal Media showing greetings from American Military members who are not home for the Holidays?
Are deaf people offended by the fake Mandela signer?
Why can I not scroll forward to the news when I am in home?
How are over a million US citizens supposed to survive without unemployment benefits from Jan 1st 2014?
What is the name of the school Colorado shootings?
In your opinion how's the life of a CIA Agent?
Why was Flight 93 shot down on 9/11?
Why does everybody hate Fox News?
How many deaths have been caused by the internet?
Is Mike George--CEO of QVC--a Jew?
Japan will someday invade another country again, are people really that dumb...?
Should weathermen/women or meteorologists be paid on their job performance?
Why hasn't Fox News apologized for Megyn Kelly's ridiculous assertion that Jesus was white?
distractions to listening can originate?
Is Media Human safe and legal?
When will the British people rise up?
How long was your summer vacation?
Pakistan's partition from India 3rd biggest economy in the world ?
how is south african apartheid related to genocide?
Will the shooting in Colorado today restart the gun control debate?
As Pakistan became a islamic republic after partition with India ?
In the Diana 2013, why did they make hasnat khan so dark?
Judge admits racism made him convict killer?
Why someone think Iran is a crazy land?
Why doesn't the news feed work any more?
How will the BBC's hysteria over Mandela, restore confidence to sceptical licence payers?
are they gonna go ahead with that high speed rail network from london to the north of england?
DId you see.. what did mr obama with Iran ??
Why is there so much gun violence in america?
Marilyn Monroe Experts?!?
Why is there no Jamacian gangsters or Islamic extremists on eastenders ?
What do you think about in-flight cell phone use?
Porn users targeted by German law firm over copyright, will you be expecting a letter soon?
What is this news article trying to say?
Would you employ an unschooled [uneducated] adult?
Iceland jails former Kaupthing bank bosses, why have responsible uk bankers escaped jail?
how many will cherish their TAT Apple, products knowing chinese workers are forced to exceed overtime limits?
why cant i call a Pakistani ( a p.aki ) but he can call me a Scot ( Scottish )?
Failing free school is ordered to close, will cameron apologise to the children, for abandoning standards?
What do you think needs to change about America?
Am I the only one who still prefers books and newspapers to e-readers?
Why did the British Gov let anti British (pakistanis) emigrate to commonwealth nations ?
Do journalists who follow celebrities feel ashamed for revolving their career around kardashians/etc?
Why is twitter all of a sudden considered a viable news source? Are the 24 hour news networks that desperate?
Will this be the home of the future?
How has multiculturalism affected muslim countries ?
Who first espoused the cock-eyed theory of Cultural Relatavism?
Does United States or maybe South Korea considers sending Navy Seals to North Korea and kill Kim Jong Un?
Is anyone else offended by Black Santas?
As Pakistanis do not want to be part of the Commonwealth ?
How do I delete the adobe flash player from the news videos ?
How are news broadcasts structured?
Poor Little Rich Kid?
where do lawyers think their money comes from: US Bank Legal Bills Exceed $100 Billion?
Why is \Diversity\ and \Multiculturalism\ considered good things?
As muslim doctrine is out breed opposition religions ?
How do China,North Korea and Russia deal with islamic fanatics?
Publication of this telegram in united states newspapers helped to?
Were all the struggles and fights for women's rights a waste of time and effort ?
Will the gov tackle the economic migration problem ?
What do you think of Miley Cyrus?.?
Is Josef Fritzl still living?
How well do you know the London Underground?
Which part of the pyramid do the following paragraphs belong in?
Has the highway code changed recently?
Opinions on abortion after being raped?
Is losing his job adequate punishment for blogging race hate?
30,000 victims of gun crime this year alone in the US?
I know you should not judge a book by its cover but would you let someone who?
Does she have a case? Her son died in a fire with more than 300 other prisoners. Who knew?
How can u see the grave of your Daddy he died on jan 4th 2008?
Oh dear! Is this her idea of gender equality ?
What would be a suitable punishment for a doctor who rapes a nine month pregnant young woman....?
Why are my news headlines not showing up on the homepage?
Should they back date this to those who arrived fifty years ago and still can't speak English?
Anyone get this letter, is it written in German?
Oh dear! Can you imagine the outrage if the bloke had not been white?
Four years after war,Sri Lanka's widows fear rape,abuse-TOI.Why world community turns a Nelson's Eye?
Why are 'comedy awards' so spectacularly unfunny?
Does your family take 'special' Christmas photos?
You happy about the removal of the Mt. Soledad cross order?
And there s no need to be concerned.....aren't we told these immigrants are here for work?
Is this an example of 'cultural enrichment' an extended EU brings us?
A bigamist, a drug addict and a benefit cheat.....don't you feel sorry for his hard done by wife?
What's your attitude towards immigrants to your country?
Is there a good site where I can get the latest current affairs??
Wishes to publish my article/poem in local newspaper?
Was the US drone attack in Yemen yesterday justifiable?
how many people died by gas in ww1?
So will the new Obamacare video sway you to sign up for Obamacare?
My news bar only shows 1-5 stories and won't scroll?
Is the New York Post a tabloid?
Any good advanced writers in English who writes blogs in reputed newspaper with difficult words?
it's my ambition to be a dj. i am from bangladesh. how can i become?
Will Islam be banned in UK prisons ?
So where was their/where is your Home security?
Do a majority of fox news viewer fully support the crazy things fox recently said?
Charles Manson is currently housed as a prisoner at San Quentin prison.?
End of the Univere? this article? I don't really understand this 0.0 help me out with this article I found?
Obama's photo with the Denmark PM, so what?
I was curious about 9/11?
Why has Yahoo! turned so right wing since Marissa Mayer took over?
What are people like weener high on when they think people want to see the ugly junk they have?
How can anyone still be a democrat?
How many people found the fake translator at Mandela's funeral to be hilarious?
Renouncing War. Why or why not?
Why aren't Refugees a worldwide social industry ?
Wish to publish my own article in newspaper?
How would the 9/11 hijackers have felt if they'd known how effective their attack was to be?
Why did Britan Want war with The United States in 1812 *URGENT*?
negotiating and persuading tips! help please!?
Question for Tesco Staff, or Knowledgeable people*?
International news stories about women's rights?
If the goverment and others have so much money,why cant they help with childrens education?
What is the south african apartheid?
Why do news reporters say \HARRIS-MINT\ or \Harrissed\?
Where can I read the details of the budget deal currently being proposed?
Was that fake sign-language guy at Mandela's memorial service REALLY a schizophrenic seeing angels?
Clarkson University? recommended?
Why did North Korea viciously execute Kim Jong Un's uncle?
I know Nelson Mandela was a great statesman, and he was, BUT?
how can you trust any source?
Sundance vouchers trade for a guest?
why does my home screen news not show any stories after 1-5?
Credit card stuck in computer? Help!?
Should this person in the story be banned for life at Wal-Mart or not?
What are some good articles that can relate to the topic of people choosing coffee over reading?
Our media is in the hands of very few large and powerful corporations. What is the cost of this practice?
Why wont USA intervene in North Korea? Freedom?
Do you think you could recognise a psychopathic personality?
Where are you on the psychopathic spectrum?
\Affluenza\ story being swept under the rug by the media?
What is your favourite 'day of christmas' from the 12 days?
Desperate help needed - serious interview - news?
What major websites are censored in the United States?
three reasons why north korea can not survive?
Boffin says the amount of money the USA has wasted in the middle east ?
Why are news anchors so awkward?
How long is the average documentary?
there are 1 thur 5 news article, why does it not show next articles?
Is Phil Collins working on new music for 2014?
Should the EU ban all imports and exports of israeli goods until they go back to their 1948 borders?
what are the benefits and drawbacks to this concept of convergence of the news media?
what are some good music videos to analyse for \gender representations in music videos?\?
What's a linear and non linear structure?
how do you write a biography?
are greedy slum landlords the cause of poverty trap?
Where is the daily news Zipper that comes up on the Home page?
do australians like to keep it in the family?
has the rise in cost of living, caused this customer to beat the meat?
O2 priority ..standing? HELP?
dangers confronting american foreign policy makers in the world today?
Student Newscast Help?
When will the news feed past picture 5 be fixed?
>>>>> DRONE STRIKES<<<<<<?
Should woman be segregated from men during university lectures to appease visiting islamic fundamentalists?
how did zimbardo use logos in the stanford prison experiment?
Where do I find video clip archive?
Wizard of Oz: what odd facts do you know about this 1939 film?
Cannot access news stories on home page beyond the 1st 5?
Can some one Summarize all of the articles in the Constitution?
Want to publish my article in newspaper?
\Native Belgians who can't adapt to a multicultural socient need to emigrate\ WTBloodyF?
I cannot scroll through news items on home page. It loads 1 - 5 but will not scroll further. 6 - 95 are blank?
What is America doing in Iran?
nelson mandela was a violent communist terrorist when he was sent to jail for 27 years?
Happy Birth-Day to Super Star Rajini Kanth May be a belated,but isn't if we say once it is equal 100 times?
I need an idea for a short film for my media tech class in high school please thanks?
How disgusting that MP's are taking?
How do I publish an article in online newspaper?
Is Nigella Lawson on trial?
Peaceful alternative to situations where fighting seems necessary?
Why can't I advance past the first 5 subjects on the news?
why are the news highlights not advancing?
Why does Israel keep demolishing Palestinian homes but keep rebuilding new Israeli settler homes?
Why do I only get 5 of 90 revolving news stories?
who is acacia clark and is this new or old news?
Does your local supermarket reduce things drastically?
Religion in the media - father ted?
Religion and the media - songs of praise?
Does the use of social media in the ‘Arab Spring’ represent the emergence of a new Arab public sphere?
what does suffer the pain of discipline or suffer the pain of regret mean?
Would this be okay to make a documentary of?
Religion and the media questions - the vicar of dibley?
The ribbon with news items on the Yahoo home is not showing anything beyond item 5, nothing subsequent pages?
How can I self publish articles and essays online?
News and events. What is the insane thinking in these New Indian Laws?
true or false:business leaders have lobbied governments to relax immigration laws,are bosses laughing at ukip?
Latest opinion polls of the \European\ Muslims, homophobic and anti-secular?
anyone for pizza ? true or false: Let in more migrants for jobs Britons dont want, says Dominos Pizza boss?
was charles I guilty of causing war?
Does Mrs Obama put nuts out in the whitehouse?
Should UK Pensioners demand that 'ipsa' set their pay and pensions?
why can i not see the rest of the events on the main page ? it gives me the first 5 astories but then i move t?
Why exactly was the queen leaving displays of nuts where plebs could take them?
When Scotland gets Independence?
what make Bismark to motivated him to arranged the conference?
Job in iraq? Salaries/Safety/Life??
How much time before a letter from Norway Kristiansand arrives in Japan, Chiba Matsudo City?
Which MPs want a rise,Westminster or Scottish?
Where did Nelson Mandela make his Millions?
whats wrong with miley cyrus?
Why does the far-left not see Hezbollah as a terrorist organisation?
Muslims for sex segregation in Britain, trumps womens rights to sit where they want?
What is your personal opinion about the fake Mandela memorial deaf interpreter?
Help with documentary?
News stories are not linking to my tickers, anyone know why ?
Can Comic Relief survive this exposure?
What was that Dream Interpretation website that was on Yahoo news?
Marijuana news coverage/Media analysis?
Can This Story Get Any Better?
What all need for internet radio station?
when is the science fair in warangall?
Urgent do you know an Advert in which men portray womens role!?
Where can i buy good articles online?
Why cant i get News feeds past 5?
Help! I can't find any articles!?
Who is Bally Neil Sloane ?
Have you decided what you will be having for Christmas dinner yet?
Can you believe how much we are losing each year to tax fraud, evasion and error?
Help! I can't find any articles!?
Does anyone believe the excuse the deaf signer is giving?
Is the @tipsforjesus campaign a desperate attempt at promoting a christianity in decline?
Would we be safe in Russia?
What is ABC News' theme song?
obasanjo recent letter to jonathan?
was the Havana Post (newspaper around 1900) a Cuban or US newspaper?
I'm Shocked! Latest polls say Barack Obama is dishonest?
UN wants Australia to ban smacking and prosecute offending parents?
How could the government spend near $1 billion dollars on the Obamacare website?
Why does Japan still want to steal other countries's land just like they did during the World Wars?
What disaster am I thinking of?
How has the term propaganda always been thought of negatively throughout its history?
What are the odds of Suzanne Collins writing another Hunger Games book?
why usa media censor the coverage when china vice president is giving his speech in mandela memorial?
why can't i or my wife view more than the first five news panes on our computers?
What do you think of South Africa being at stage 5 of 7 for white genocide?
Lost GoPro Media? Files suddenly disappeared?
General knowledge and current affairs?
question about school newspaper?
Why is it that conservatives think that all liberals want to ban guns completely?
Is Susan Boyle really going to die tomorrow?
News articles with historic issues or connection?
When is NOKIA INDIA FEST 2014?
Why is FOX news soo bias?
How do i express outrage over the Ethan Couch verdict?
Auschwitz experiments?
Do you guys know where i can see \ Angela Caponpon \ Picture Scandal ? the Uncensored One. :) Thanks?
can someone find me 1 or two articles online that has a title that connects to history??? details below.?
Casey Anthony is back in the news...?
What to include in a news broadcast?
Has the Liberal Press been able to Jail Zimmerman yet?
Why does the media keep throwing Kim Kardashian and Kanye in our faces?
what would Canada choose to do in Syria if Canada was mainly concerned with self-determination?
are members of Fox news really Christian?
What was the Big Bird vs Oscar episode of Colbert Report?
Did food prices increase during the great depression ?
In your opinion what influence does broadcast media have on crime/victimization?
how do i get over paul walkers death?
Can you answer an INSANE question about Obamacare, and have you heard this rumor?
What would Canada choose to do in Syria if Canada was mainly concerned with Self Determination?
American Gun laws. Don't they ever learn?
can't view mail or local news?
Obama shaking Raul Casto's hand. Opinions?
Why were the charges dropped against George Zimmerman and could he just be going through PTSD?
Were Elian Gonzalez harsh words against the USA genuine?
Monster story ideas and name.?
Has society become complacent toward Government sanctioned torture and murder?
chinese one child law?!?!?!?
Why is everyone jumping on the Nelson Mandela hero band-wagon? He is nothing more than a glorified terrorist.?
Do you think Kerry Washington is pretty?
Geographical news articles?
Can anybody in this server is going to say something about this? or has been taken by the goverment where it s?
When will civil unrest begin?
in the middle of yahoo homepage is news and mine isnt working?
Does the obama phone have internet?
Why did Jean Kambanda listen to Carl Wilkins in Rwanda?
A woman at general motors, when a president Usa woman?
What do you think about the traveller community?
Is USA underpopulated for its size or overpopulated?
Is Obama using the FCC to control the News you hear?
tesco customers want the best, complains Tesco?
\Strategic implications of pakistan after withdrawal of US from afghanistan in 2014\?
I can only see the first section on the news feed. Is anyone else having this problem?
Is America crumbling from the inside out.?
a diary with cover like a passport of country?
Are there any pictures online of Nelson Mandela's body lying in his coffin?
why does Yahoo still have the new crappy version of YA even though everyone hates it ?
What features of conflict are there in 'An Inspector calls'?
What actions, plans would you make to limit the impact of another event scheduled on same day of your event?
Is it true that \scruffy Brits do not want to work because they can rely on state handouts\?
What do I do with my Documentary?
How to become MTV's news presenter?
What is the Mexican drug war/ how do we solve it/ whose fault is it?
My Yahoo news articles will not scroll. How to fix it.?
A media case study relating to contractual, regulatory or ethical obligations ?
Do you think that the Media plays an important role in Canada? Why or Why Not?
The published codes for my Murphy tv do not work.?
List of 2013 events?
Does anyone remember this news story?
Did the president or any high ranking Israeli officials attend Nelson Mandela's tribute?
what is the news for today?
If these drugs make you commit sexual offences?
Is \internet\ media\? If so in what way?
Why can't I get past the first five (5) news articles?
Thoughts on the person that did the sign language interpretation for Mandelas memorial?
Lessons must be learnt: What did Captain Robert Falcon Scott forget to take with him?
why does the Lee Rigby trial seem to be so low key?
I cant find this commercial that a friend posted on Facebook about texting while driving.?
Average family spending £489 a week?
What are problems and crisis youth in media and entertainment in india?
Did Obama make a fool of himself in South Africa?
The Fukushima Nuclear disaster, is it much worse and more world threatening than is being reported?
What do you think about the situation in the Ukraine?
Do you see the Obama, Cameron, and Thorning-Schmidt selfie as a big deal?
Why do only black people play the knockout gamee?
Church warns of foreign intervention in Sri Lanka.Isn't a Clarion Call from Sri Lanka itself?
Should a six year old be suspended for kissing a girl on the hand?
Why do people like Madonna, Lady Gaga and Miley Cyrus make people so mad?
What can I do other than sports announcing, job-wise?
Only the first 4 news items show on the news banner- the rest are blank both ways?
What's a good name for a socialist paper?
A Chinese persons perspective on internet activism in China and how activists are dealt with by the CCP?
is yahoo's mail system down today December 11th 2013?
i hear tht u were thinking of being a vigilante....u still want to?
For the sixth day in a row, on the news, it's Nelson Mandela all the time. Isn't that a bit much?
How has it been decided that 'extermination' and 'culling' are two different things?
Now India is making gay illegal - will they be boycotted like Russia?
Was the hagnah a terrorist organisation?
the shipping news novel?
Should MP's be paid on performance?
i only get the first 5 news stories on the home page. can't read the others. any ideas?
Lanka navy detains over 300 fishermen,100 still in custody.Has it increased in 2013?
I will try again.....My news feed only shows the first 5 stories and they are days old. The news never changes?
where is the media and journalism?
why shouldn't the philippines give up its claims for scarborough shoal?
i need articles that show that you dont have to be successful in school to be successful in life?
Why doesn't metalica play in the United States?
Is it 11% for MPs. and 1% for the proles they 'represent'?
Why Cricketers in South Africa did not observe a few minutes of silence to honor Nelson Mandela?
which of this years xfactor teens do think will go of the rails?
on my home page it only lets me see the first 5 news items why when I click arrow to see the rest it is blank?
Why do people hate on Miley Cyrus, yet they dont know half the things their kids do?
What criticisms have been made about the death penalty?
Would the NHS be any better under labour ?
Disappearance of hundreds of Tamils in Lanka,Why there is an air of lethargy for an International inquiry?
Do spritualism enhance heath and longivity?
What is the app name that Cha EunSang used on 'The Heirs'?
Is this true about Africa, and what news media tells us isnt true?
what wrong with the Thai people?
Did British Royal Families and Politicians apologize to Black Terrorist (Mr. Mandela)?
Why the large difference?
What's the song off the December 2013 eurosport advert ?
The BBC has cancelled their Christmas schedule?
But just what are they singing here,does anyone know the language?
Why is nobody talking about Fukushima?
is apicolordotic view is danger or not ?
where is the upcoming events page?
On the home page where the news is I have an empy box with no headlines in it. I have the arrows but nothing e?
No junkies , no drug dealers ?
Why are they trying to ban drivers from drinking anything?
business article summarization?
Page number of diary of anne frank?
Who do people of North Korea even breed?
News scroll is blank after top 5 stories?
How do you report Yahoo Home page news page glitch?
Should Affordable Care Act (Obamacare) be renamed to the \Screw The Dr. And Make You Pay More Act?\?
I need a good headline for my newspaper article?
Why do people who eat fish object to whaling?
J. Craig Venter: Designing Life http://www.cbsnews.com/video/watch/?id=7076435n?
what kind of country is this when ho bag Miley Cyrus is in the top three for person of the year?
I'm un able to scroll to next set of the news?
ask fm followers?????
What does this weekly cycle tell you about the parties Gatsby hosts?
In this day and age why is a white only scholarship and a white only student union denied by everyone?
Does the media cover up Black Hate Crimes Against Whites?
How is the Arab Spring Movement Similar to the Occupy Wallstreet Movement?
why is yahoo news page not working right news story are not on page?
How do people deny the existence of chemtrails?
Since Press TV was closed down, should Fox News suffer a similar faith?
which of the is a main idea from \The Brinks Robbery?
What is OBAMA TRYING TO SAY ???!!?
shortcoming of television news?
When will the \scheduled maintenance\ that has been going on since 10:30(mst) last night be done?
Television News question?
Cambodian Genocide Why It Happened?
If PRISM hurt 200,000 plus people on malfunction and caught 9 terrorists....?
Are there too many black people in adverts already ?
Why is change a bad thing?
Why are North Koreans so brainwashed...?
Did Obama turn Mandela's respects to his own advatages? Like making this about himself?
Real evidence in All Unquiet Things by Anna Jarzab?
where is the yahoo news feed?? first 5 stories then it doesnt show anymore?
Iran has executed upwards of 500 people this year?
Does Obama's handshake with R. Castro prove the GOP is still stuck in the 1960's?
How is Iran a international Threat?
Who will be selected Time Magazine's \Person of the Year\?
Who do you think will win in the Syria war, Assad forces or the rebels and foreign fighters?
Can i go to jail at 13 for online impersonation?
Can't open any links for news, etc. on MyYahoo. \Can't find page...\?
Does the European union actually distribute its capabilities?
According to APA format, should staff writers in a newspaper be listed alphabetically by first or last name?
Are Brits indolent, work-shy and unemployable as suggested by this NEWS article?
Do you think the Media is now stifling free speech?
Why don't they sack most tube drivers and install automated trains like at major airports?
If punching protestors became common practise would police command more respect?
Simple question, please answer?
What could this article be saying?
Best newspaper for medical news?
Why does Pakistan want US support? How does this play out today in light of current events?
Is obama shakeing castros hand good or bad?
Why is the World deifing N. Mandela?
Does anyone know where to find The Twilight Zone TV Transcripts?
how will they execute james holmes?
did the sandy hook shooter have real guns in his room?
was sandy hook a special school?
\What is considered media of today\?
Is Ben Affleck being just as 'intolerant' as those he claims are too intolerant to be friends with?
People's attitudes in Northern Ireland due these events->?
what is sarah baartman's significance to cultural production?
Sick of Nelson Mandela related news?
Why did the Government shut down?
What is the name of the communication theory...?
i cant get passed number 6 news in the home page?
What app does he use?
is nelson mandela going to get a christian burial?
Do you think Yahoo News photoshopped this picture of this man to make look black lol?
Did PAUL WALKER die ? New Document New Question !?
what's the current news on health?
How do the poor people manage in the US during icy climates ( esp during December , January months )?
do you think Sgt Blackman tarnished the reputation of the Marines?
Have you ever been made redundant?
Will Ukraine's President, Viktor Yanukovych resign amidst the intensifying protests?
News scroll does not show images?
Comic Relief money invested in arms and tobacco shares?
London doctor accused of performing genital mutilation?
what is a good place for research articles besides National Geographic & New York Times?
Should sanctions be put on israel for their expansionism policy in the occupied West Bank and other occupied?
why yahoo stories won't boot up?
Some guy in a yellow construction-like outfit walking around my neighboorhood?
Why is commercializatiln a threat?
Why did magaret thatcher call nelson mandella?
Can anyone suggest some articles where journalist's point of view is unethical?
obamacare: why isnt it free?
Top five foreign policy issues facing U.S today?
What's your opinion on Scottish independance?
What is relevance of publication?.?
On my horizotal news feed when I click the arrow to go to stoies 6-10 or the other way I just get a blank whit?
Why were there no Israeli leaders at Nelson Mandela's memorial when.............?
Is Obamacare going to make people open their eyes?
Is Richard Marshall's alive after crisis any good?
What does licence broadcast mean?
Can you check obituaries online to check if someone you know not too well died?
Need a suitable headline .. Anyone any ideas?
Are there any Christmas carols or songs in your local supermarket this year?
Can you guys give me any articles that support Paparazzi and what they are doing?
Do you agree with Yes Scotland that any business that disagree with them should be forced into bankruptcy?
When is George Zimmerman due in court for agrivated assalt with a deadly weapon ?
What do you Think about Saddam Hussein?
Why is film an influence on our culture?
why usa media did not mention what nelson mandela had say about usa?
Do the BBC have a Plan B for their Christmas TV?
Please help! I am writing a paper about how news media affect the image of Islam for political purposes.?
Should Actors refrain from interfering in politics?
Is this possibly the worst cover version ever.....?
Should this be the Christmas number one?
Why do news sites have such crappy search engines?
Do you consider yourself to be remotely posh?
The Ashes are lost because of appallingly bad choices?
Cleopatra (1962) is being remastered (as we all know)?
How many guests will come to the Nobel Prize cermony?
Anyone know who killed Brian Griffin or if he's coming back?
I have Adobe 11 installed so why can't I play news clips?
Is anybody glad to see house prices surging ahead?
Why was Osama Bin Ladden hated so much?
Is Australia a particularly racist country?
Kejriwal Can He be New face of Indian Politics?
INDIANA: Recall Election, if governor Mike Pence vetoes decriminalizing cannabis bill?
What are some decent conspiracy theory websites?
Are CNN and BBC the two worlds leading news networks?
Is anyone experiencing dropouts with Channel 7 (Australia) moreso than any other channel?
Why does yahoo allow these 'nazi reporter trolls' to operate unchallenged?
war created to avoid domestic problems?
Is BBC World News Live 24/7?
Which kind of course to get a job in fox traveller?
what is date of bith,birth palce, family detail of rohit shetty (young yudhitir in mahabharat -star plus)?
Did Paul Hellyer lie when he said aliens work with the U.S.?
True or False -The government NOT helping your competitor/s helps businesses in general and the buying public.?
who won Delhi election?
Whats your opinions on weed?
What do you think of the plastic money Canada now have?
the BBC have had 40,000 complaints about it's sycophantic coverage of .....and on?
What's the name of the Australian guy who talked people out of jumping off bridges and committing suicide?
Can anyone help me find misleading graphs or title in the news?
How to make 8 months go by fast?
Why do some people deny the severity of Fukushima?
A Virtual Serial of TN Fishermen Agony at the hands of Lankan Navy.How is this 2007 Episode?
Do you hate on-field post-game interviews as much as I do?
Since the NSA has been collecting communications, what have they done with conspiracy theories?
Do you hate on-field post-game interviews as much as I do?
Should Zimmerman even think about taking his girl friend back?
How does the British colonial influence impact Sierra Leone?
UN can declare anything they want, but until they are able and willing to enforce it?
What do people mean by hosting a story?
What was the most under-covered story and most over-covered story in American politics this past fall?
Describe whether you believe the current drug policy and the war on drugs is working?
Does China not want North Korea to collapse...?
I have not been able to view the videos on Yahoo news for the past month.?
Help on writing a bill to end spying on US spying on foreign leaders?
Is Justin Beiber dissing Selena Gomez? What do you think?
What European country has the most cannibals and what European country has the death penalty?
If I'm not gullible, does that make me a conspiracy theorist ?
Who's the cheerleader in the punishtube ad?
How does TMZ find all of these celebs in public?
Nuclear capability in North Korea?
Why are news sites using more video instead of written articles? Am I the only one who finds this annoying?
Who do i report to if i had been groomed by a passed radio present 7 years ago when i was 15.?
is the Superintendent of Documents classification number in periodicals?
why can i only access the first 5 news stories on the yahoo homepage?
Why has Iran not expressed public outrage over the NSA listening to their conversations?
Don't folks realize the so called Tea Party was started by the Koch brothers?
Isn't the world heading for the 17th/18th Century as the Common person and the Rich are seperated so much?
How do I permanenly remove this vile left wing hate group The Huffington Post from my home page.?
Why is it not good idea to involve politics in war?
When watching NEWS on TV do you Watch the Local News or National News on TV?
What TIME do you Watch the NEWS on TV?
What is the biggest problem facing the NHS today?
What does a Sales Program Execution Lead do?
news stories dissapear?
What does Alex Salmond intend to do to help single and childless people in Scotland?
If PRISM is used to listern to Angela Merkel why...?
When looking a news scroll 1 thru 5 works but from there on none of the picture or news from 6 thru shows?
Who is Joel Dunn and what are his academic credentials?
What to write in a media essay?
6 traditional news values to determine if an event or incident is “news\?
How do you Get the DAILY NEWS?
What is a good website for urban youth news?
What could this article mean?
What does this article mean?
Where can I watch Taipei golden horse award ceremony. Thanks for the help.?
how does agenda setting impact what americans read, view, and hear in the news?
Boys don’t cry film (what did she ask to know?) Passer, clairvoyant, dupe from boys don’t cry?
Can i go into journalism with an english major?
Do you collect music , DVD's or any other form of media ?
What is a good topic of opinionated writing?
How would you cite this article in APA citation?
should mps get a 11% pay raise is it enough do they deserve more concidering what a wonderful job they do?
Since I updated to IE 11 I no longer get the horizontal stream of daily news past items 1 through 5.?
Isn't it the Royal Pariah-ty Show tonight?
Is Barrack Hussein Obama a Muslim?
Will Nelson Mandela's coffin be present at the memorial service tomorrow?
the news scroll no longer displays past the first 5 news stories. If I click on the over arrow, it is blank.?
Why are people in such a hurry to publish \Best of 2013\ lists?
scholarly articles on GMOS?
IS AL QAEDA WRONG OR GOOD PEOPLE?
How much do MI5 and MI6 agents make?
What are your thoughts of Stephen Harper?
How do I decrease the number of Huffington Post news stories that appear on my Yahoo news homepage?
I know its the season of goodwill?
Derek Acorah found guilty of driving without due care & attention, as a psychic is this possible?
Will the 'chieftain o' the pudding race' cause food prices to rise in an independent Scotland?
Does this news article make you worry about what you post on CE?
i cann'T READ THE NEWS IT SHIWS THE FIRST 5 STORYS AND NEVER MOVES TO THE NEXT 5STORYS?
What is worse tax avoidance or benefit fraud?
What are your thoughts on the Muhammed draws made by Kurt Westergaard?
EADS confirms 5,800 job cuts across Europe?
Why India is killing innocents in kashmir?
Why is a Alarm clock going off when it's actually turning on?
Has Lankan Tamil Issue formed The \Virtual Community\ of Tamils?
On the yahoo homepage the news(tiles) are blank. How do you get them to show on the page?
Can anybody tell me about Bridge Nations Agency? Are they true or scammer?
Can anybody tell me about Bridge Nations Agency? Are they true or scammer?
How true is this article?
When will the british fully disengage from Ireland?
Do they 'slop out' while waiting in ambulances at UK hospitals?
Discuss the importance of T Coraghessan Boyle?
Fake Anti-Gay Receipt?
Discuss the importance of T Coraghessan Boyle?
After what happened on september 11th, why did they build another WTC?
how to get more readers on a blog?
current events. Do you think Pakistan will ever produce thousands of dis appeared people in court?
In your opinion, what are the technological issues of broadcasting on social media?
Is the GOP sending a Rep. to S. Africa to honor Nelson Mandela?
What European countries have the biggest sex trafficking issue?
story about women held captive?
the global presence in war includes?
was Nelson Madela a terrorist?
was mandela really a good guy?
Looking for VIDEO on 1991 Palm Springs bus crash. Any help?
What should happen to Michael Adebolajo's friend Anjem Choudary ?
has cameron pulled the wool over your eyes, when have remuneration committees ever recommend a pay reduction?
why won't home page show more than the first 5 pictures of the news and events ?
I can only access the first five topics in the pictorial news, How do I get the rest?
Would you be getting an 11% pay rise if you took the afternoon off work to reminisce about Nelson Mandela?
Does Miley Cyrus have many boy fans?
I need a specific murder case.?
What exactly was the watergate scaldal?
Good presenters ?!?!?
Will the mothers of the children abused by Ian Watkins be charged too?
Articles with dysphemisms, please help?
what are the physical and biological qualities of atv presenter?
Why do we keep getting reptile eye clips at the beginning or end of ITV commercial breaks?
Why are the murderous of Lee Rigby even been given a fair trial?
Do you read the Vogue magazine?
Can Nelson Mandela really be called a terrorist? ... I don't think so...?
Why India is right on Sri Lanka -Hardeep S. Puri's article in \The Hindu\.What is your view?
Why has India not tried to wipe Pakistan off the map?
i don't find film raju ban gaya gentleman with arbic subtitles?
why radio television hong kong (rthk) had become a platform for foreign power to discredit the govt?
why is that govement put more money to war more that education millons on war nono in education but education?
Why Does Yahoo! News Allow Yahoo! Users?
UKIP politician says \send them all back\?
When was the last time you've heard of a workplace shooting?
Is Claudia Winkleman on 'Strictly' unwell. She looks like she has jaundice?
Ive made a trailer for A-Level media project, please give feedback http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iUvKPkO3aN0?
How to get a job as reporter in Lasantha Wickrematunge's newspaper Sunday Leader?
what are the qualities of a tv presenter?
Gypsy kidnapping / slave trading?
I renewed my sibscription Sunday 8th December it's still coming up as expired why?
Was Mandela a hero or a terrorist?
Apartheid: Do YOU think it was a good thing or a bad thing and why?
why won't yahoo show my local news?
DOES anyone know why Michael Adebolajo's Woolwich trial is being heavily UNDER REPORTED ?
Were there any valcano's eruped between 1939-1945?
Is it true licking the yellow stuff in popcorn will give you cancer?
Who is the hottest news anchor in your opinion?
hey guys the slideshow of news reports hasn't worked for weeks?
What month/time of the year does IN N OUT hire the most?
Should I work at a newspaper or a talk show?
Are Investigate Journalists in high demand? & Is it a well-paying profession?
How much money does coachella make a year?
Why is fracking controversial in the United States?
Why do you think obamacare is an important pressing case today?
What is your opinion on the child exploitation in the world?
why democratic leader usa president have more bodyguard than those dictator ,saddam ,Gaddafi, kim?
Is this another prelude to a beginning of the end?
What are some current events relating to economics?
What are your thoughts of Barack Obama?
Opinions on health care?
Why are the main media avoiding reporting the Knock-out game?
how is liberal media and conservative media the same and how are they different?
HELP!!!! Critical Thinking paper?
Is there anyway Casey Anthony can be tried again?
Polygamy Article summary?
Did Sandy Hook and the Colorado movie shootings REALLY happen?
Are there any autoliker/autofollower websites other than gramhoot and gramliker now? December 2013!?
Whats the difference between CIA and FBI?
A case of homes,schools&livelihoods sacrificed in the name of security.Will it draw International Attention?
yahoo streaming news can't be seen after 5th one. Why?
History Essay Question on \Warriors Don't Cry\ and \Lyndon Johnson's War\?
Yearbook story help??
is the m23 good or bad?
What Do You Think Of The Future Of Libya?
Israel and Palestine. What are the biggest problems?
What do you call a person who responsible for a crime?
Am I the only one having problems with answers?
what is the most important Syrian Uprising?
Michael jackson was unaware of Tatiana's firing until frank told him he did it how did michael feel?
Best site to buy followers?
why are whites always singled out as slave owners?
North CM on War Path With Sri Lankan Government.Won't a Ballot achieve what a Bullet failed to?
Questions about current news and events.?
Easier Answer: What are some News that occuried in the week of Thanksgiving?
what are the villages newspaper in the Philippines?
3 reasons why osama bin laden was important?
yahoo scrolling news dosn't scrole any more?
Can't advance on the Yahoo stories.?
Is there a good site that contains information on the influence of Stoppard Ionesco, and albee on drama?
What was the influence of David Mamet on modern Drama? Is there a site with this info?
were was osama bin laden born?
Summarize article? i don't really understand it.?
Will Britain's economic and social situation improve or worsen?
Article about GDP with explanation?
Why types of problems do documentaries tackle?
What does the fox say?
Did the rebels use chemical weapons in Syria?
does anyone else find todays media and tv brainwashing and over the top?
Why is it important for students to read \The Land Ethic\ in a sand county almanac?
News stories about revenge?
Could the manager, professionals, and owners in this country pull off an Atlas Shrugged strike?
can anyone give me a summary about ivan Pavlov classic conditioning experiment?
Where do chinese government officials live?
Why is Ukraine rioting to get in with the EU?
Were any of the 9/11 hijackers given a funeral, in the United States?
Why is the U.S. Flag being lowered for Mandela?
Will Britain collapse? What do you think of this video?
Enforcing referential integrity guarantees that inaccurate data is not entered into any field.?
Can someone help me find a article?
whats currently going on in our democratic system?
Why the hell is CBS still showing Chiefs vs Redskins?
Can I tell a short story in my research paper?
Is the great martian war history channel based on real events ?
When is will the NYC smoking age raise be in effect?
If you reported a rape?
What is a good title for an essay about how love and cruelty can coexist?
What's wrong with Miley Cyrus?
What do you think about iranian people?
Is Germany pouring money into the EU including to bailout failed EU states?
who can tell me the first website that has any article about BitCoin?
I need a title for an editorial. It is about whether to legalise prostitution or not.?
How do we restore full access to Rotating News Links, which disappear after 1 -5 out of 45 links.?
Help!! Has anyone read Toxic Bachelors by Danielle Steel?
Fined for wearing Mandela tributes?
Do you consider UK MPs' 11% pay rise 'inappropriate'?
Description of an orphanage & a tsunami... Thanks!?
Most people poverty have jobs?
how has the six day war affected the way we live today?
What do Occupy Wall Street protestors really want?
is comet ison a threat?
why did my question got deleted when ask about Miliband v/s Cameroon?
Why have some celebrities who love fast cars killed themselves is fiery crashes?
what is wrong with the yahoo news feed?
I remember reading somewhere that Margaret Thatcher and Ronald Reagan put Nelson Mandela on terrorist list?
why is the bar under my news not moving left or right?
Do you know anyway connection between Oswald and the CIA?
Contacting author Robert Douglas.?
when will the the next war be?
what help can you give help victims during a calamity?
Why wont Israel allow the Dutch government to install a scanner allowing Palestinian exports?
What does this sentence mean?
Yahoo's website news articles?
Is AAP win second major instance of a party winning on its first attempt after the NTR in Andhra Pradesh?
homepage news ticker tape does not work?
With tons of places giving away ad supported news, why do nespapers websits charge for their news?
Muslim countries sexist against women, then surely the UK is sexist against men?
Help! The little news window that usually has about 85 to 100 stories does not \work\ anymore!?
is 30 a little late to start a career in journalism?
Is it forward and progressive for Obama to pull away from Israel and closer to Iran?
why does my scrolling news stories go to blank after the first four?
Christmas TV: And how many repeats are we going to get THIS year?
what happened in Sudan 2004-2010?
why does yahoo news stop rolling at 1 thru 5 after update?
Can someone write a persuasive paragraph against adverts?
why usa and uk does not invade south african back then and liberate them from apartheid system?
Attacking Pearl harbor or attacking tall buildings in NY , Which is worse?
Cadbury advert please HELP !!!?
Are we in the UK as a nation soft,with no backbone or fight?
When will be the result of NSO olympiad (SOF) be declared.......?
What nationality is \LISA KUBOTA\ the news anchor khnl reporter from HAWAII?
What are the differences between radio programs today and programs in the past?
whats with this new explorer nothing works wright! ? news dont show up wont let me find local news,?
Will Nelson Mandela's funeral be broadcast on TV and radio worldwide?
Is Kanye West going crazy due to receiving blood from a psychopath?
Have you ever considered having your vagina steamed (see link)?
What is the name of the article I'm thinking of?
Are retailers killing Christmas stone dead?
Would people who live in squalour take it with them to a brand new home or change their lifestyle?
What template to use for written a story?
What is the crazy shouting during Mandela's church service prayer on BBC?
Does the figure of 13 million in UK poverty sound like nonsense, is this real poverty?
Mandela (RIP): Funny how people like Bono and Whoopi Goldberg come out of the woodwork?
Mrs Thatcher always supported the Apartheid regime?
What are some current healthcare issues?
Questions about Afghan refugees?
The pictures for news, I dont know what iits called, but it usually has more than 1-5. But that is all I get?
Whys Madeleine Mccanns parents not being questioned by UK POLICE when the public strongly think them guilty ?
Is it possible that Sandy Hook was \fake\?
how do i find out if someone is in the army?
What is the safest country to live in? The country with the least murders, traffic deaths, ect?
If you live in CA did CoverCA give your personal information away?
Istanbul Convention: on preventing and combating that falsely accuse males violence against children?
Miley Cryus' Jingbell Concert in L.A?
question bout 680 newscasters?
why cant i get the news feed to scroll?
What does it mean if someone calls u as a nerd?
Whose death gave more grief? Nelson Mandela's or Paul Walker's? and why?
What is Obamacare and why is it bad?
Is it just me or do \scholarly\ articles like to make up their own words?
What are your thoughts of Nelson Mandela?
Are we going to lose all of our guns in the near future?
does cnn have a publisher, and if it does what is it ??
Are we going to lose all of our guns in the near future?
why is my foodstamp card is not working?
Why is the media (even the internet media) still talking alot of thing relating to Paul Walker and his death?
Mod lib. Losers realize they are the ones who will suffer the most if we have a fiscal collapse?
Is media right in its classification?
Isn’t one person’s terrorist another person’s freedom fighter?
Why do people spend money that they do not have on Christmas gifts?
What can I do with a Broadcasting and Mass Communications BA?
Do people who knew celebs sell the media bad things about them?
2 articles of Human Rights violated and protected?
Why is Obama lowering the American flag for Mandela when he was a terrorist who killed women and children?
Who is the current \Dear Abby\?
Any situations similar to Camp Greyhound after Hurricane Katrina?
Will they make more Attack On titan show?
Why is Pearl Harbor Day not covered much by the media?
Help! how to make a 'news report' for a school project?
Is South Africa now a peaceful, successful \Rainbow Republic\?
Are they politically biased or something about these things?
why am i grieving for paul walker?
Would you exclude the marijuana plants? What court cases justify your decisions?
Is the NATS failure a foreign computer virus attack?
Was the media aware Nelson Mandela's condition had worsened in the last 2 days of his life?
Should Roy Hodgson be sacked over England's terrible world cup draw?
Who is showing pakistan v Afghanistan T20 match in uk channel?
what is the velocity channel for comcast in stuart florida?
I was put on the Diversion program after a marijuana related offence, its been 6 months, 2 weeks, am i off now?
is Iran good for the world ?
I don't know what kind of journalism to study?
Why is Mohammad Morsi's constitution bad?
What do call a fire that somebody has done on purpose?
what's your idea about iran?
Mandela has died. Are these not good times to bury very bad news whilst the media is pre-occupied ,?
Don't you think Prince Charles was an amzing man for coming to Glasgow?
did anybody get approved for ssi or ssd for bipolar in 2013 and how long was your process?
Teen Girl Blog Ideas/Topics?
looking for a specific documentary...?
How can I stop my game Stardom: Hollywood from freezing?
Has Oklahoma been having a lot of earthquakes? If they are? Is there any reason given for this happening?
Which issue of National Geographic is this image from?
Have you ever fancied a cup of tea, but made coffee instead to save on effort?
Do Pakistan and Bangladesh feel like fools ?
Is This Gold Smuggling?
why is no one doing anything about pearl harbor.yahoo needs to show they care?
Why do Israeli soldiers often get away with the murder of palestinian children such as in this case?
Why do Israeli soldiers often get away with the murder of palestinian children such as in this case?
Why do Israeli soldiers often get away with the murder of palestinian children such as in this case?
Should the Chinese rename Britain?
Is body of Nelson Mandela going to be mummified and placed in mausoleum?
Aspiring music journalist - want feedback?
Why am I asked to download adobe every time I click on a news item?
I want local news in my local section. Not news from 2 states away. How do I set it for local news only?
my yahoo news feed has dissapeared. i can get photo from 1-5. no local ,sports or nothing else,please help?
why can i not see the roling news items?
What are the best seats in the Superdome for a concert?
Who says crime doesn't pay?
How did news travel that Pearl Harbor had been attacked in 1941?
downloaded adobe flash player, yahoo news videos still will not play, why?
When was the last terrorist attack israel committed?
Is it true that president Obama has ordered all USA flags to be lowered to half staff on Monday?
paul walkers death VERY WIERD?
How has South Africa changed since White-rule Government ended?
Why are conservatives so obsessed with Benghazi?
For which country america supports more in all the way?
Journal keeping and video relation?
At this time of year do people have more money than sense?
Does this equate to Christianity 0-1 Homosexuality?
How You Do To Remember The 73rd Anniversary Of The Battle Of Pearl Harbor And FDR's Infamy Speech In 1941?
Names for events for the fest!!?
Which JFK conspiracies can you write the most about?
A Virtual Serial of TN Fishermen Agony at the hands of Lankan Navy.How is this 2006 Episode?
What radio station is the OU v.s OSU game?
What are the most a.) popular and b.) famous German writers in the US?
only the first five yahoo news articles are displaying. then screen is blank?
what are the areas where media freedom has contributed to sustained development?
Can you list excerpts/situations from specific movies or tv series that show a Low Uncertainty Avoidance?
Is the news about peter jackson murdering 15 short people true?
Can anyone provide an intelligent debate about Alexander Blackman.?
who are the cnbc reporters?
who is the reporter of bbc urdu?
Was the Marine sentenced for murder maybe an exceptional case for anonymity?
can onle see 1-5 of news feed?
Why is there SO much fuss about Nelson Mandela's death?
A catchy heading for an article about Screenwriters?
Was the concept of the embedded journalist in the Iraq was an intentionally designed propaganda tool?
Why are religions being forced to accept?
I would like to email some of your yahoo health articles but there is not place for that. Why?
how do I delete video's running in background?
In media of South Africa, why do we usually only hear stories of Black people ?
War in Afghanistan? I'm confused.?
What's all this I hear about a telly ban?
I want to auction a 1938 July issue of CHILD LIFE\the children's own magazine?
what year did Michael Jackson died?
how much is a monthly water bill merseyside?
What will happen in South Africa after the funeral ?
Do you find this coincidence regarding Mandela ironic?
how ca how can I find an article on Justin Ford in Aberdeen Washington in Aberdeen Washington 98520?
Sentencing for abh .. No previous ?
Should this have been on Dickinson's Real Deal?
what are the parts of newspaper?
Due to a storm surge and flooding in the UK Christmas has been cancelled?
Was Nelson Mandela a terrorist or a freedom fighter?
Will Nelson Mandela be buried on December 15th?
Typically, why do some of us Brits pay no attention to weather warnings?
do you think young people and old people hold different opinions on news?
question about the columbine shootings?
find height by A=2(wl+lh+wh)?
Why do Indian communalists talk against Art 370 but not against Art 371 ? Media too is silent, why ?
Why is all of the sudden Nelson Mandela a terrorist?
how do i contact lothian ex.para page?
Why don't the English try to stop?
Democracy in China possible in near future ?
Name some online volunteering magazines like Youth Leader magazine?
Could an \Employee Investment Tax Credit\ enable movement to $15.00 wages for all minimum wage jobs.?
Does anyone else enjoy cartoon conspiracy theories?
Why does it seem like Paul Walker's death is getting more media attention than Nelson Mandela and what?
How has the recession affected you personally?
Need advice regarding something.?
I have a youtube mass delation question.Why does most Die another Day AMVs are missing?
Which is a comma splice?
Is anyone else getting more paranoid about Islamic Extremism?
A Powerful Group fighting for its Rights is recognized.Why a Weak Group fighting for its Rights is Terrorist?
Did Nelson Mandella really die in a sky diving accident?
yahoo article about amazing artist from about a month ago?
Would you like to see the complete abolition of torture and the death penalty?
i need a list of jobs for my story?
Do you think apartheid is the harshest form of segregation? What are your opinions?
What are your thoughts of Nelson Mandela and Yassir Arafat Nobel Peace Prize,?
What was the most recent execution?
Car Documentary films?
Chidambaram’s Brave Bid to Clear Congress of anti-Tamil Image.Isn't like Building a castle in the air?
unpublish from vanity press?
Is Chris Matthews retarded?
Did the apocalypse start?
Is Nelson Mandela like the Michael Jackson of politics?
Hearing unwanted narration during Fox programming?
on my yahoo home i only see the first five out of 95 news clips?
is it racist not to credit the Afrikaner regime for the end of Apartheid?
Wow, a lot of people are pissed off at Obama's Health Care?
Is it true that the USA has at least two dozen secret prisons all over the world, similar to Guantanamo Bay?
How to search for 1979 newspaper article on the Internet?
What are some cognitive/ decision-making job demands of highway construction workers?
What's happening to the world?! I just got mugged?! :(?
Nelson Mandela Dead? Anyone crying?
Which avatar has the nicest smile on Yahoo?
is ANYBODY else on here aware that Rush means more than rush limbaugh?
why is yahoo.com still crippled?
Police massacres, high crime and poverty, did Nelson Mandela change much for the ordinary South African?
I recently visited Lakemba in New south wales, i felt i was not even in australia?
Who was the greatest defender of peace, freedom and democracy: Nelson Mandela or Augusto Pinochet?
Why does it fall to Sharia-law to clean up the streets of London?
This was formaly opened at NY, Nov 2nd 1755?
What would you say has been the biggest news event of 2013?
Do socialist bankers exist, or are they not good at handling their money?
Nelson Mandela dies at the age of 95?
Want to hear a funny German joke?
which of these suggested new UK flags would UK users prefer ?
How many boyfriends had Taylor Swift had so far and is she single right now?
how do i stop yahoo daily news?
Do you believe there really is a free market?
Do you support M and S staff on striking on one of the busiest shopping days before Christmas?
Have Clegg, Osborne and Cameron just handed Labour the next election on a plate.?
Was Nelson Mandela a hero or villain......?
surely the life of Mandela should be put in context.?
What is a judicial intern?
Identify an ethical dilemma that you have seen in any of the media (print, TV, film, radio, recordings,...?
Is this another example of Tory hypocrisy.?
Do you think India's Mars mission was worthwhile?
Do you think O.J. Simpson actually killed his wife?
did Walt Disney get his head frozen after he died?
what is another word for \terrorist attack\?
do you support the reintroduction of the death penalty in south australia?
\Blessed are the peacemakers\, Camerons comment on Mandela, a fitting comment from a sincere leader?
why dose the videos not scroll across the screen whe i am looking at the news?
Did the murderer of Stompie ever get caught or was it covered up ?
Is there a website like \Yahoo News\ but without the annoying celebrity articles?
Is there a website like \Yahoo News\ but without the annoying celebrity news?
I wanna watch Rupaul's drag race. Any good websites?
Will the zionist entity that refuse to give Palestine statehood start WW3 if they attack Iran?
Did you know before today that David Cameron is a leftie?
What did Christopher Hitchens mean about his article ?? Helpp?
Why did David Cameron walk off mid interview after being questioned about Conservative support for ...?
Why does the media like Nelson Mandela?
Why is the news coverage of Mandela's death so sycophantic?
what is right to imformation?
Is South African Nelson Mandela so important in the US that there will be a national holiday...?
why did Mayor of London Boris Johnson advocate hanging nelson mandela?
Hindsight thoughts on Mandela?
DMK to flag Sri Lanka's war crimes,Katchatheevu issues in parliament.Does really anyone bother about it?
When Scotland becomes independent, will the Unicorn in the Coat of Arms be unchained ?
Are Corporations (ie: AVON) that create 'Violence Against Women' campaigns Gender-Biased against Men?
Why india not repeat to pakistan?
is cameron doing a U turn on mandela or in agreement with his icon thatcher?
Compare and Contrast topics from the book Middlesex by Jeffrey Eugenides?
Will the Bush tax cuts bill that was extended for another two years in December of 2010?
how can i post a comment on yahho news' articles?
How did Yahoo help you?
What is a fun media studies project?
Do you believe Nigella Lawson's account of her drug use?
Where can I find a list of all the people the American flag has been flown half mast/staff for?
videos on yahoo news cant see?
i need a good tamil name?
Should newspapers be responsible for scientifically-accurate headlines?
Why do people complain about the minimum wage?
Is this another perfect example of \There's one born every minute\?
Why when my setting is for news I still get junk stories showing of nonsense?
Why won't my Yahoo News feed advance from 1-5 to 6-10, etc on Windows 8.1?
12 nuns kidnapped in Syria will they be held for ransome or are they war booty ?
what is the small sliding news pictures called?
How \do you\ think the world will end?
GP surgeries...if you could afford to go private,?
R.T. news David Cameron was in a conservative student organization 1985 ?
Help with my journal?
why does my yahoo news stories not advance past 1st five stories?
How would you spend £300,000 in the NHS?
Can anyone tell me how many murders Mandela sanctioned while he was Military leader of the ANC?
How to submit your school to CNN Student News' Roll Call?
David Cameron or Nelson Mandela?
How has Mandela's death affected you?
What if North Korean leaders want to surrender but are afraid to get executed...?
why i want to be a policewoman?
Explanation for Rivers Turning Red?
Do you remember when the TV had Christmas fare worth watching? Here is your chance to see if it is still worth?
Surrendered passports.....is this a good idea for a man with a string of aliases?
Another one off the streets... Had you ever heard of this 'number one wanted car jacker'?
Why do they waste tax payers money housing asylum seekers in luxury hotels?
Do you agree with the comment from China ?
Is this the man to run Britain's economy?
Why does the UN never sanction India for its Caste System?
Is David Cameron the new sales and marketing Director for Chinese products?
Why does the media think every viewer watching is interested in celebrities and wants to hear about them?
Why is Indian media,esp.news channels so much foolish?
do you think haiti should have a tax system?
Why do some people claim that trolls are a new phenomenon on yahoo answers?
Why are there far more rape cases in Delhi than in other big Indian city?
What's the name of this UFO documentary?
Dale L Lenard lost home to fire in 82055?
Should I report this to local media?
Why did the bureau of alcohol, tobacco, and firearms change names?
Does the Flag fly half mass over the white house when a soldier lays down his life for his country?
Is it now time to leave?
Do you think that the sales of How to be a good communist will sky rocket now that comrade Mandela has passed?
Were you touched by the sincerity of David Cameron's comments on the passing of Nelson Mandela?
Anyone else struggling to view more than five articles on Yahoo news?
Why has Paul walkers death affected me so much?
What would life be like if ww2 never happend?
Does anyone knows what happen to Attack on Titan?
i cannot watch yahoo news video?
Will Paul Walker's Death in Mainstream Media Overshadow Nelson Mandela's?
Was Nelson Mandela evil?
Why have some channel logos turn dark?
can andhra pradesh people congrat sonia for giving support to trs(telangana rowdy samithi)?
Ethiopians: How has the death of Nelson Mandela affected you?
Why does Bill De Blasio love murderers and rapists?
Wasn't Mandela a terrorist?
Know Anon won't save on tumblr...?
What do you think is the biggest problem for police in the future and why?
why biden never urge american people to challenge the govt, challenge the religious leader & military chief?
Do the USA citizens still have the bill of rights?
Why does Yahoo have such a left-wing bias in the news they present?
Nelson Mandela died. He was a hero. Do you think the news media is praying that a white guy murdered him?
Was the Rein of Terror justified?
Why doesn't Fox news just admit they are a conservative program?
what is the English satire depicting journalists reporting in recent times on the birth of Christ?
What is the country with most of it people possess a weapon after America?
Why should the death penalty be allowed?
How is the US currently involved in Syria?
Why does the US Government give 8.5 million dollars a day to Israel?
can i un-ban someone from whisper?
politics, as someone who can vote next year, yay so excited, (not really, but still.)?
is the war on terror justified?
Someone explain why a special on nelson mandela preempted today's episode of Jeopardy in the USA?
Debate question why should the government not force companies to give back to the community?
Is the press coverage of Mandela's death a cover up of the NSA cell phone spying?
Policies of a journalist?
When will North Korea collapse?
What are the chances of having a zombie apocalypse?
what are some current events that can be opinionated?
What would a liberal say about genocide?
What are some current events that you can choose sides to?
Who owns Graceville News Paper?
Help finding a documentary by BBC or NatGeo?
why cant yahoo fix the scrolling news items at the beginning of thier web page? only shows the first 5 of 90?
What makes a man great?
Your Thoughts/Feelings on Mandela's Passing today?
Why does anyone care that Nelson Mandela died?
Is Mandela any different to Bin Laden?
yahoo news page does not advance?
will the USA really set up surveillance drones by the 2020's?
Getting very few Yahoo news articles since Microsoft updates?
Is islam the biggest threat too world peace?
can you write journal about your day, please and posted here?
Guy before diane sawyer?
Mandela premiere on tonight in London. Have you ever seen better timing than that?
where can i find reliable evidence that increasing security guards makes school safe?
Persuasive need article?
Does anyone know if Question Time is going to be on tonight or not?
Just between you, me, and the NSA, what do you think about the loss of privacy in the U.S.?
Would certain people have cared more about Rwanda or the Congo if they had a catchy song?
I need a link to a non-biased news article?
Persuasive news article?
Do you think the photo received looks anything like the one advertised?
How does Indonesia feel about sweatshops?
What did Nelson Mandela do to become so famous?
What are your memories of Nelson Mandela?
Did Mrs Thatcher refer to Nelson Mandela as a terrorist?
Current event that can be linked to one of the six principles of government?
What do you think about Newtown releasing the 911 calls?
For english I have to create 3 Satirical or Satire titles that you can create a story about..any ideas?
Why was Nelson Mandela important?
What are the answers to the lazy editor: Would You Let A Shark Bite You?
Nelson m is dead r.i.p?
is wind chill factor included in forcasts?
Why does Jeremy Paxman hate seals, what reason could he possibly have?
SOCIAL STUDIES CURRENT EVENTS PROJECT! WHY WAS IT IMPORTANT FOR THE PRIME MINISTER OF THAILAND TO STOP PROTEST?
Is it true that on Black Friday the things they sell are made with cheaper quality?
Is anything big going to happen in South Africa now that Mandela is passed?
my 2 year anniversary is coming up on a very tragic event.. how do i celebrate good things that have happened?
POLL: Would you think someone was slow if they asked why news is called news?
NEWS! Have you heard that Nelson Mandela has died?
Why are the western powers supporting the slaughter of Christians in Syria?
Can anyone contact a real person thru the \help\ phone line ?
Can you find the fallacies in my reasoning?
did you witness any fast food workers going on strike today?
What was Typhoon Haiyan?
Should UNASUR impose a ban on british ships entering their ports until the british relinquish their claim on?
What are the five categories and the five criteria's to make it a libel case?
Do we need to ban the ideology of Islamic jihadism?
Has Britain given up on future workers?
I want to go on a relief mission?
I think a part of mankind won't allow WW3 to begin 100 years after WW1?
Does anyone know the story behind 'Yellow Submarine' in Coney Island Creek.?
what are the condition in Iraq now?
how can i win a perjury case?
Where can I find a radio interview with Vladimir Putin from the year 2000? (please read question)?
the reason i believe the west texas explosion was terrorist actitivity?
Why Aren't Americans Being Told that Arab Muslims are Killing Black Muslims due to Racism?!!?
Why am I unable to have the little news stories not scroll after no. 5? in the group of say 1-95?
Why is my Yahoo home page is being taken over by huffington post articles?
Can anyone get a screen shot of FOX today ?
Wars currently in the world?
When will people realize Sandy Hook a hoax?
Has Katie Hopkins been charged with racism yet ?
How can propaganda be positive or negative?
Who's interest was Alessandra Pacchieri's (forced c-section) legal representative acting in?
should a newspaper publish a story exposing corruption it?
How has the media changed since 9/11?
What do most British people think of Muslims?
Paul Walkers death proves life is fair. What do you think?
Could the TPP Agreement protecting corporate interests become EU law?
Does this count as rape or not?
What are the unconstitutional acts of Obama?
Where has everyone gone?
what was the name of the girl who murdered her classmate?
Do you believe in a Medical Mafia?
ANOTHER Illegal Obama family member allowed to stay? WTBloodyF?
Royal Marine Sergeant found guilty and named BUT?
What does the TV industry look for in a person?
Nigella must have seen that Saatchi was a bully?
Who said crime doesn't pay?
Where is Bridgitte Pellerin. She disappeared from Sun news and we miss her. Two old fans.?
How would you like to earn maybe £3,000 for 10 days work?
Band on the Run: Can you name the people on the cover?
Why is the holy land so important that so many people have died fighting for it?
what is wrong with this picture: Fast-Food Workers Stage Strikes Across US?
international effects of the mexican drug war?
Where can I watch Cesar Millan: The Real Story?
after the rhetoric, why are tories still allowing the UK to be raped by aggressive tax avoidance/evasion. are?
Is anything in the media credible?
Do you know Japan is still very greedy for land and claiming everything that doesn't belong to them?
Seriously, $15/hr??!!! to flip burgers? Who wants McDs prices to go up?
Obama's \I take this personally\ speech: a conflict of interest?
Sweden, 50 rapes a day for 2012?
which of the following did not increase the number of deaths after the war?
Why can't I Scroll Through the News Articles?
Do you know who really steals the jobs?
How is George Bush viewed by American people?
Why do you think it did not target discrimination in employment or housing in its campaign to end segregation?
last time torys balanced the books, children were taught in portacabins, after budget, where next under a tree?
Does anyone else think it is sick live tweeting your husband's death?
If records numbers are employed, why has unemployment only dropped by 0.2% from 7.8% to 7.6%?
I cannot read any yahoo news articles on firefox....?
At what age do you realistically hope to retire?
Some from sudan says they are in Senegal refugee camp in dakar, asking for money transfer. Is this scram?
Why can I not get the full pictures in the stream with the news. Also at times yahoo.com seems frozen. J. Gree?
Has anyone read the book of imaginillion of imaginations written with just 81 different words?
why is koodankulan nuclear power plant in news for long?
What has measures has George Osborne announced in his autumn statement to help your cost of living?
What is the colour of the sky on planet Tory?
How often you do the condense please?
Virgin Media just blocked movie streaming sites?
what are the qualities a lifestyle journalist has to have? pls ans! 10 points?
anyone in the media can answer my question?
If austerity is working then why have the Bank of England announced the biggest drop in savings in 40 years?
When you are writing a presentation report can you use \I\?
what are the qualities a journalist has to have? pls ans! 10 points?
Did George ‘Giddleswick’ Osborne scrap the tax disc on cars?
Why is Osborne not announcing the building of 250,000 new homes?
Why is Osborne only planning to raise £9billion from tax avoidance, is he only going after individuals and not?
Do Tories still believe that people will believe anything if you keep on repeating it often enough?
Why is George Osborne not boasting about his record foodbank and payday lender numbers?
Does George Osborne really, really, really believe that austerity is working?
Is there any correlation between this excessive wind and George Osborne's Autumn Statement?
What should I watch; George Osborne's Autumn Statement or catch up with Holby Cuity on BBC IPlayer?
DEAR GEORGE DID YOU FORGET OR SAY ANYTHING TO GET IN?
Aren't Osama Bin Laden's children going to get vengeance for their parents when they are older?
How many soldiers died in November, 2013?
When do news reporters sleep?
Morecambe and Wise Christmas shows question?
Will the Royal Tournament be televised this year?
Will there be a mass exodus of customers from RBS?
THEY SHOULDNT CHANGE TIMES IN SCOTLAND?
Why didnt anyone answer my Blackfish documentary question?
I think there is a robber in my house!?
How to seting my location?
Is the any productions companies in Israel?
What Is the \lead art\ on a newspaper article?
Did Paul Walker suffer in the car accident?
role of district administration in disaster administration?
Will Aam Admi party triumph?
Which is the most rogue,corrupt family in India today?
Should Subhash Chandra Bose be India's Father of the Nation?
What is balanced fitness and why is it important ?
Recall election possible in Alberta, Canada?
why do i have tohave obama care?
which media is useful to make a good relation?
What do you think is the biggest news story this year in the Philippines?
how accurate are exit polls?
Fashion contest in Singapore?
With all due respect, U.S and Iran settlement?
I am having a problem with your news feed, Item 6++ do not appear on the scroll bar. how can it be fixed??
Should Nancy Grace Investigate in Paul walkers Death?
I am having a problem with your news feed, Item 6++ do not appear on the scroll bar. how can it be fixed??
Should media be restricted?
Should the government get rid of all medicare, food stamps, etc completely?
What is the current relation ship between Britain and the colonies that has been governed by it in the past?
Why a strong state in Syria is not necessary for U.S. interest?
Difficult to read articles?
Topics for a documentary?
Topics for a documentary?
Is it safe to fly because of Fukushima? I need the truth?
Has The Restaurant Opportunities Center, a union front/ACORN knockoff found a way to get illegals to go home?
Important events in the development of the Obamacare controversy?
What kind of work will the fast food workers find when the fast food industry turns to automation equipment?
A team of NAPM is going around India to create awareness on Lankan Tamil Issue.Will they succeed?
what can we as people do to improve the working conditions of sweatshops in other countries like in asia?
Is the 6 PM SportsCenter on at any other times?
Complaint homepage of ca.yahoo.com. Only news item icons 1 to 5 appear. News item icons 6 to 80 are blank?
Why do some people say Ron Paul is crazy?
where is paul walkers crash site.?
So this knock out game that I am hearing about ? I just heard about it and I have older relatives.?
Why did Philip Chism plead not guilty?
I'm writing a debate on Death Penalty but I can't figure out a catch phrase. Help?
where is paul walkers crash site.?
Has the big issue magazine been hijacked by eastern euro criminals ?
Fines are a drop in the ocean. Should the LIBOR crooked traders spend some time in jail?
What channel is IFC network?
do you have is yearbook?
Names of area under sub hash chopra. Mla kalkaji?
Documentary on gummy bears?
If the UN is concerned with issues like global warming and AIDS, should those issues be securitised?
anyone else find paul walkers death quite unbeleivable?( please read description)?
Where is the closest Warped Tour for Sacramento?
Compare the impact of local radio stations with that of national radio stations,PLEASE.?
Where can i find a certain issue from the New York Times newspaper?
Is it true that this is the Geordie Shore's official Christmas card?
I have to write a short radio blog but I can't think of any ideas for it or how to write it?
Should the spanish up the toll prices from gibraltar into spain?
Can You Trust the News Media?
Reading Festival refund protection?
What is the word of the day for the one direction contest on wjla?
Can UK cope with more immigration after Christmas 2013?
what with high winds about to hit Scotland ( for scots )?
What can you say about the latest magazine issue of American Hard Assets, Coins: Raising the Bar?
What's with the Huffington Post???
Have the Roma took over the big issue selling market ?
What Does everyone think about the new amazon prime air?
is it right that we as tax payers have to pay for a fair trial and keep the scum that murdered Lee Rigby?
Why on earth did they release the 911 tapes from the Newtown Shooting when it causes more trauma?
Why on earth did they release the 911 tapes from the Newtown Shooting when it causes more trauma?
Im a celebrity 2013 going out?
How can I keep my weather on my yahoo page. When I leave yahoo and go back the weather and news are all Sunnyv?
Why do they have districts on the hunger games (5 stars)?
Do Scottish nationalists have the slightest clue what they're doing?
what were 6 significant events during john f kennedy's years as presidentry?
how can you be good at presenting?
Why can't I view news videos?
Mass Shootings Questions?
How far up your list of priorities would this be?
How can u.s. space forces support the war on terrorism?
World War 2/ Miracle at st. anna?
does anyone else notice the spotlight the media is putting on ebay?
Good advice column names?
Student fees may reach £20k a year?
After the first 5 news stories show on the home page news crawl bar, bar is blank when scrolling to the next 5?
Internet hate preachers to get an ASBO.....too little or a step in the right direction?
americas downfall predicted?
Another teenager stabbed to death. Will the community assist the police in finding the killer?
What are 'acts of intimate terrorism'?
Has 'positive discrimination' and the threat ofbthe race card being brandished?
where did my slide show go?
How do I find a Children's story that was published by Reader's Digest back in the 1970's?
Canadian politics show on TV?
Why i stopped watching the wright stuff on C5?
Are the usa getting slack after it has been month's since there has been a drone strike?
Plea for help seriously!?
What Are The Best News Events And Major Obsessions Of 2013?
why does the yahoo news feed not work?
Are suspended sentences appropriate for such cruelty?
why do video clips not play?
US warns Sri Lanka over failure to investigate war crimes-The Telegraph.How GOSL will come out of imbroglio?
What is a news council?
Do you expect any new initiatives from Barack's income disparaty speech today?
Will there be a time when all police in the UK will be have to be armed...?
What are some common features in news reports (tv)? Linguistic features?
Why is my news w/pix not showing any page but first??
News story that inspired Bord de mer?
the news item on DSNY does not appear on my list of news for my stock?
RBS fined £320m, which isn't even as high as the bonuses it is paying this year?
how is current political situation in India?
Under the new healthcare plan you can change your race?
Is Canadian Terry Fox's run in The Guinness Book of World Records?
How long will it be before the NHS and BBC are privatised?
Food poverty in uk has reached level?
mariquis who's who reputation in usa ?
Can anyone write a book with just 81 words?
Hosting a movie night?
Scandals that bettered celeb's image?
Sites to blog about sad stories?
Why are the killers of Lee Rigby pleading 'not guilty' to murder?
New York Times question?
Sites to blog about sad stories?
Chapman Family Collection at the Tate?
Does this seem legit?
WHY DONT THEY CHARGE EXTRA ON THE PETROL?
when did Roderick nevergelt die?
pls help me for my Debate Competition?
Do you think the BIR has a valid case against Manny Pacquiao?
Why isnt this against the law in Middle East?
Is the Refugee camp in Dakar-Senegal still keeping people from Liberia now?
Is it the Head Mullah in Iran or the ordinary people?
If someone commits suicide because of a Cyber Bully, are they arrested for murder?
Are you going to support us?
What's the difference between synergy and cross media convergence?
Narendra Modi treats his ministers like chaprasis, says Hindi Dainik Jagran today. What is this?
In year 2013, who is better performing, Virat Kolhi, Rohit Sharma or Shikhar Dhawan?
Is it still acceptable to refer to the children of unmarried parents in a derogatory way?
Person who spoke in defence of the Liverpool supporters Hillsborough Disaster?
should you be ashamed if you're only earning about 18k / year at 24?
When is Pete Townshend's 'book' due to be released?
murder cases similar to Jennifer Ertman and Elizabeth Pena case?
Will the RBS be as generous to the people they ruined?
\Rudderless\Tamils venture to cross oceans by dingy boats.How do they escape from navy?
How does bias of mass media influence the public's opinion on presidential candidates?
what channel is the walking dead on in australia?
What is joe biden trying to help or do with china and japan on the new air zone?
Why doesn't North Korea ever attack the South...?
what guys don't understand about girls?
Question for Lahoris?
Is this unrealistic to do this?
Help with a research argument paper please ?
Is it normal during a recession/depression?
What is the significance of the crying kitty in Miley Cyrus's performance?
Do you think Obamacare will badly hurt the Economy?
How bad was the Taliban-ruled Afghanistan?
Massacring 17 ACH aid workers in 2006.Can International inquiry punish \The Killers\ if identified?
In a newspaper article, how should I quote an email message?
not showing news articles?
Anti-Piracy/Texting PSA?
What do you think of the list of most corrupt countries in the world?
if someone needed u for rehabilitation wouldnt u feel powerful?
Is this video from The Onion an example of satire (link in details)?
Are all Muslims terrorists?
Article idea for high school paper?
WRITERS QUESTION!!! HALP!!!?
Can someone answer the Obama?
When will joe biden be arriving in China?
What's the difference between an anthology and a scholarly journal?
KCRA news just stated....?
What could Hume be today?
Why do people visit left wing propaganda like slate.com ?
Why paul walker is more important than other people's suffering that noone care about?
Heard that Bob Denver, \Gilligan\ passed away today on the radio. Not true.?
What do you guys think about Westboro Church planning to picket Paul Walker's funeral?
why are people saying michelle phan is a liar?
can anyone tell me how to fix my news real?
So I have to make a holiday jingle for my AP Government class. Any pointers on what I should put into the song?
whats the December 2013 photo challenge for instagram?
What are some other social media sites?
Need to find an article about what makes a live theater production a success?
Who is America at war with?
Barriers to effective communications Ted Taylor experienced while trying to prevent nuclear proliferation?
Question About Prostitution (For Speech Class)?
Do you agree with any of the points in this article about trusting the media?
If people created a White Friday in protest to Black Friday, what activities would a White Friday entail?
Where do you suspect the Roswell Ship is now?
Organization on Research Paper?
what do you think about shays' rebellion?
Following the death of Lee Rigby, how many Englishmen were arrested for revenge attacks on Mosques in England?
Why has Katie Hopkins not been charged with racism ?
I want to be a journalist and a photographer i want to write about things,advancements in science?
Is it hard to find a job as a journalist?
Meeting A News Anchor?
Fact file of typhoon haiyan ? Please ?
What are your thoughts on the forced caesarian section story?
According to Erikson, trust is to _____ as identity is to ____?
what is Having it all without having children article talks about?
what is america's baby bust article about?
howdo i get yahoo news back?
What is Pakistan's stance on the civil unrest in Egypt?
What rebuttals did either Rivera or Sanchez use to deflate the arrogance and prejudice of either O’Reilly or D?
I can only access the first 5 news stories. The rest are blank. How can I get them back?
what was the rochdale sex gang scamdal ?
Who Has A Youtube Channel ?
Newspaper articles relating to social, political or economic globalization that has happened recently??!!!?
We're the errors relating to Iraqi I threat honest or dishonest mistakes?
article about a firm or industry?
How can I write a letter to The Guardian?
Identify a problem/issue that has an effect on a travel and tourism business or an overall effect on tourism?
Why a person should get a freedom?
How come my news feed doesn't recycle. It will only show the 1st 5 articles.?
Should the Royal Bank of Scotland control the Scottish economy after independence?
more points for article?
How many deaths and injuries has Black Friday caused?
Is this a case of \Awww diddums\ or should we pay for her lifestyle choices?
If just one EU state suddenly decides to have an \open door\ policy, can other members prevent it?
Scots: what are your thoughts on free speech?
Worlds biggest conspiracy?
Does this article demonstrate that life on benefits as a single mother is NOT an easy option?
What does it mean when the news reports that an actor is \attached\ to a new film?
Do you think the cop could have disabled this man by shooting in the legs?
What do you think will happend to us and American Airlines after the merge?
Do you think there should be a blak and blue Saturday?
MLA CITATION FOR A FILM?
WhatsApp: Person> Info> Media section opens and vanishes?
is paul walker alive?
Why cant I see the comments at the bottom of the news articles?
What is the full form of AADHAAR card ?
Why do Gay people feel the need to publically \Come out\?
why is it i can only see the first 1-5 news headings and cant see the rest, just blank?
Why did the Union workers of Hostess (Twinkies) go on strike?
Whose example should Britain follow when it comes to education?
Should the irish put someone living on Rockall with some engineering magic?
Harry my sweet! come to me I need that gay sex scene?
whats the biggest secret revealed by Edward Snowden?
Can anyone write a report for me?
why not making future fast and furious movies without fast cars?
Has Spain risen up yet?
Why is the EU still around?
Who has most number of security Bill Gates or Tom Cruise?
What is more important, successful school students or happy and confident students?
What happened to Paul walkers body?
is tory abuse of apprenticeship schemes a clever ploy to remove millions from the unemployment figures at the?
Would you report a potential drunk driver to the Police?
How has Video Journalism evolved over recent years?
Promises to cut migration to?
I am looking out for a newspaper article example.?
Article idea for highschool newspaper?
I need a a sample newspaper report for grade 4.?
does 6 months experience at McDonalds, fries station, make me over qualified to apply for a headteacher post?
did the tories and energy companies fool all, by Crying Wolf, raising prices, whilst claiming a reduction?
Why when the economy is set to double?
should we thank M Gove for improving the standard of teachers, now that the minimum requirements is 4GCSEs?
WW1 was the war to end all wars, did we learn,or will the persuit of capitalist ideology doom us to repeat our?
How can i enjoy my leisure period in Woodland knoxville?
cameron said we should celebrate WW1, rather than Commemorate, will history label him a hollow spin prime?
UN Human Rights Expert's five day visit to Sri Lanka.Will it be another solace after Pillai&Cameron visit?
Why does homosexual people get it?
Has any Prime Minister in Britain never been to University?
Does people in UK do any training to become a MP?
When do you think North Korea will collapse?
I dont know whether to trust the Liberal Party in Uk next time?
Any story ideas for me to write?
Chief minsters of Goregaon?
Could the results be down to language problems?
Do you think North Korean top officials are rich?
Following the blanket coverage of Tom Daley, what do you make of this latest news?
Why didn't you listen?
Does anybody know the exact location of Paul Walkers crash site?
Haven't you ever thought North Koreans don't really hate South Koreans?
wondering the name of a documentary on nextflix where a young homeless boy cared for mother and sister.?
The Lost boy by Dave Pelzer?
Do you find it hard to watch Rachel Maddow, The Daily Show, and The Colbert Report?
Help! How to write a story?
Should the fund to cancer research END?
Horrific video of Paul Walker crash on TMZ?
Journal Entry Question?
Does Armenia stand a chance if Turkey invades?
What if Japan becomes imperialistic again and invades countries?
Does Evan Peters have siblings?
Broadcast Journalism or Magazine Journalism?
What are your opinions on Obamacare? Good or bad thing for our country and why?
Do you know where i can find credible sources for my research paper?
Money issues for a 13 year old?
Where can I watch the LOLDoge video?
What are the top 12 news headlines of the last 12 days?
The best political news apps for iphone?
Why Lanka is losing the battle for peace-Raj Chengappa(The Tribune).Will proper reconciliation turn the table?
I want to write the latter?
What do most people think about jena louisiana?
Journal #5 crabbe questions by william bell?
Why am I not shown the NEO site?
Why are predictions about the future of oil supplies uncertain and controversial?
US,China, together with Iran and North Korea(the only G7 country to still execute people)?
\Did you know the \Magnificent Seven\ where the Death Penalty is permitted?\?
HELP! My school is trying to send supplies for the yolanda relief?
Why did so many people get killed on brown Thursday & Black Friday this year?
News Flood in Kelantan?
Paul Walker car crash : is the Porsche Carrera GT a dangerous car?
what would be a good second major to pair with journalism in order to be a sports writer?
what would be a good second major to pair with journalism in order to be a sports writer?
Has a mobile phone ever actually been identified as playing a part in a flying accident?
Miley Cyrus?.........?
Graduate school for Social Media?
2013 song name? video with life events?
Why can't I watch videos in stories any more?
How many years did the employees of twinkies hostees go on strike for?
Is this a biased essay?
human rights issue to write essay on?
why does yahoo news never say anything positive of President Obama?all news about him is always negative.?
What are some good event ideas that can generate 10k+?
Good Scholarly article sources?
What are some good news stories I can write a monolouge about?
Help me find this Tesco Christmas 2013 Advert on the internet!?
Why do bad people complain about being in prison if they know they should not do anything bad?
Blogging & Social Media Questions?
Where has common sense gone in humanity ?
does anyone know reliable articles about the effects of exposing children to the world around them?
Do you think you’d even notice £50 off your energy bills if it slapped you in the face?
Where can i find meet & greet passes for one directions \where we are\ tour, 2014 ?
Need help what Is napoleons white horse color?
who else can't wait for Jeopardy! to come on?
why do you think Pinchot made accusations against Ballinger?
Who do you think the Zodiac Killer really was?
why do the news headlines and photos no longer appear on my yahoo home page?
Do you know Herman Venter?
Is this statement true or false?
What is an interesting VoxPop question to ask for radio journalism coursework?
Why are my news headlines not loading on My Yahoo page?
How good is your memory? Does this prove that cheaters will never prosper?
Help me find this tragic love story I read a few years ago on the internet?
How can people watch I'm a celebrity get me out of here?!?!?
state mental hospitals/Asylum what to hear stories about people that worked there or was there and how it was?
Is any annoyed and bothered by Yahoo articles they put out these days?
Is there still genocide today?
Where can I find an archive of British fashion magazines online for a fair price?
how to make fox news my home page?
Can anyone read this morse code phrase?
I see Winter Storm Cleon is coming, When did we start naming winter storms?
how do i watch geo news on my iphone ?
What do you think about Boris Johnson’s comments about some people being too stupid to get on in life?
can someone please summarize this for me?
can someone please summarize this for me?
Which recent middle eastern dictator has had the most impact?
Do you have one of those \simple, basic jobs\ and a salary of 50 to 80 thousand a year?
Why did they kill bin laden?
Is USA going to turn into Africa someday?
Disturbing school massacre trend?
can i get yahoo news for 11/30/2013?
Tom Dailey's confession is newsworthy, but is it worthy of BBC headline news?
Fracking -Coal mining -nuclear or wind ?
why doesn't my yahoo headline news scroll?
Newspaper knowledge please?
History Channel documentary on Thanksgiving?
Paul Walker Car Crash?
what are the Syrian rebels fighting for?
Why is the news reel only showing the first 5 stories, o?
Should England send millions of our immigrants to Scotland?
Yahoo news bar not working correctly?
Work programme sanctions?
Should spain block the tolls going into and out of Gibraltar?
Which newspaper is better? Times of India or Hindustan Times?
Morecambe and Wise: Why did they carry on?
what you think about those to rumors?
How to make a text look like an ebook/e-newspaper?
Why does Israel block Palestinian fishermen from fishing?
How did that happen with Paul walker?
Ticker on news page not working for 3days?
The Lee Rigby horrorific but........Why no action ?(Scottish people please)?
How do UKIP-ers feel about Cameron's pro-EU China free trade agreement stance ?
What's important about Twin Towers?
Why do people worship celebrities after they die?
Scottish referendum question for English residents.?
Why isn't the news bar working properly?
What is Anti peace Activities?
Do you consider this to be a racist attack?
The Fast and Furious actor who died was speeding on public roads?
will the war in syria ever going to end?
how do i edit yahoo portfolio rss news feed?
UK capitalists pay workers, an unlivable wage, should china remind cameron about human rights?
My college is blocking the YOUTUBE and I tried several times to access it through proxy servers.....?
Like others, what's wrong with news feed on home page? See only 1st five.?
cameron visits china to promote EU China free trade agreement, will kippers see the irony, or is this too high?
is cameron in china to help poundland restock or to promote uk apprenticeships eg shelfstacking?
Why do so many people like Sarah Palin?
What is wrong withyour homepage? I can't get past the first 5 news pictures?
Is anyone sick of the news’ promotion of banal consumerism and free publicity for *maz*n?
On my news display only the first 5 news stories comes up. Next 5 stories are blank?
Why do I get missed calls from different country in my mobile phone?
How many will join me in congratulating Tom Daley?
questions about ITV help please?
Is it the season for suicide rates to skyrocket?
why usa and soviet union(russia) did not continue with their exploration of moon?
BRITISH PEOPLE ARE BEING CONNED BY OUR MPs?
Somebody was ashunini ashu jr died in car accident?
PRESIDENT CAMERON IS IN CHINA WANTING TO IMPORT MORE RUBBISH?
Is the NHS safe with Tories?
Osbourne says \No more boom & bust\, does it have a familiar ring to you?
Was this a waste of taxpayers money?
Is this one way that Cameron wants to ensure that Britain stays in the EU?
How long do you think Ian Watkins will get when he is sentenced?
when is election result?
Sonia Gandhi is richer than British Queen Elizabeth II: Huffington Post.What Aam Aadmis will think about this?
Is michelle e dorr cheating on raymond?
actress sri divya is died or not?
Aggressive beggars? Is this the benefit of indiscriminate immigration?
eaten competitions and records?
Will this still work on Monday?
isn't it kinda ironic how Paul Walker died in a car crash?
Are you kids being negatively?
Anyone else woken up to Green this morning?
Does H from steps require compensating for being an Ian Watkins?
What's up with Putin's guards?
Are Manchester United trading on past glories already?
Persuasive speech topics on racism?
Did you hear Amazon is going to deliver pkgs via little drone helicopters in the future?
I need to talk to someone who's an expert in the 90s!?
Is Paul walker really dead?
What is the China/Japan/USA dispute about? Could it lead to WW3?
Why were Graff and others put on trial after the war? What do you think they were charged with; and why were t?
what is juvi like I am scared right now?
can someone please give me 3 ways violence in media affect children/youth?
why is aid better than fair trade?
if paul walker jumped out of the car before it hit the pole.........?
How would I write a letter to David morrissey (the govenor)?
Would people read my blog?
recently i came across newspaper pages from 1962 and 1966. How do i preserve these and find out if they are w?
How many more years till Charles Manson has served his prison time?
Should Peaches Geldof face charges?
Who are the honorees and Presenters for the kennedy center honors 2013?
What are three events that happened in the past three weeks that violated peoples rights?
Mass Media Communications vs Communications?
I'm writing an informational article for my school newspaper, how would I cite the sources I use?
When scrolling the news section boxes all I get is a white blank (no info). Also when going to local news.?
What are current international issues in the United States?
What are current international issues in England?
What is an initial coverage report in film?
Have you seen this hilarious You Tube video from Dec. 1, 2013?
What does a fox say?
Is the rest of the world hearing about Rob Ford?
who is C. Wright Mills ?
So we dying on December 16th 2013 or what?
Current environmental issues (North + Central America)?
Who else would be in full support of the government altering/canceling Black Friday sales?
can I use my in-store discount coupons on Cyber Monday?
Is anyone else sick of all of the Huffington Post articles taking up space on Yahoo?
Why War of 1812 happened?
how many people on average are killed per year by an accidental stabbing?
What was happening in America which lead to War of 1812?
what's the percent of sex offenders using social media to catch their Prey?
what are some good scholarly articles to read and summarize?
How does violence in media affect children/youth?
Do you think/feel that there are still American POWs detained in Vietnam/China/Loas?
Paul walkers death ??????
Why are there so many questions I cannot view at this time?
How can you be British and be an CIA field agent?
How do they know it was paul walker that died in that car?
Should I report this threat?
What is Russia's view on the NSA?
only news pics 1-5 appear?
Capture of Bin Laden?
Why can I only get the first five news photo's?
How is denying or dropping people from health care good and American?
Help with Ryan White: My Own Story questions?
summary of Mawhinney, George R. (2013) ‘To be ill or to kill: the criminality of contagion’?
Why is\Local\ news caption on homepage purple banner missing?
Current event that involves the Bill of Rights?
Did the drone strikes save lives?
Why can I not view local news and just news?
what company published basketball sparkplug?
Has ITV gone off the air?
How does the threat of natural disasters affect where people choose to live?
Did Paul Walker's car explode before the fire department arrived?
what has happened to ITV?
Size of the windows on the World Trade Center/Twin Towers? Please Read?
For some reason I am so upset about Paul Walkers Death?
Size of the windows on the World Trade Center/Twin Towers? Please Read?
Wht plot summary the biggest fish in the lake by margaret carney?
Are you in favour of isolationism for Britain?
Why is Obama allowing Iran to own nuclear weapons?
what has immigration done to the United Kingdom?
What has the shipping industry done off the Somali Coast to prevent hijacking?
Atheists, are you going to watch Anderson Cooper's Special Report \To Heaven and Back\?
Espionage affects who exactly?
why does the scroll on my news feed appeare blank?
How would the World be if blacks controlled the Media?
The deaths of children in a park in Gillingham. Kent in the late twenties /early thirties, firemen's show?
When will the war on terror be over?
Why are Blacks Anti-Semetic?
Will our planet survive until the end of the century?
Melissa Bachmann, the big white gutless hunter who prompted the massive protest and petitions?
When is Ther Going Tobe a Zombie Apocalypse?
What do you think about Imran Khan(Pakistani leader)? Please mention your country and religion?
Do you blame the driver who crashed the car Paul walker was a passenger in?
Is this common now for 14 year olds ?
Will you be shopping tomorrow?
what are two issues facing China?
Do you think Edward Snowden would get executed if he returned to the US?
Can a 10 yr old see Hunger Games Catching Fire?
law & order why blacks always the victims?
Suggest a name for my Documentary movie on Old Age Homes?
what is meant by nato supply i often read in newspaper that pakistan reopen nato supply???????????
Miley is not coming, please help if you can?
what is meant by nato supply i often read in newspaper that pakistan reopen nato supply???????????
How is News Corp funded?
i need a download link for the story \The Mark of Amulii: Trials of Terr'volk?
How does a channel like pbs make money?
People arent allowed to be drunk on an Airplane so why?
What is the watergate conspiracy about?
Was Paul Walker driving fast and furiously when he crashed?
Why is the German market still in Birmingham?
Why such a triumphant song and dance over a £1 a week energy bill saving?
How can I buy tickets for the jingle ball??
Media coverage of domestic abuse/ sexual violence in Sweden?
BBC More or less - longer UK version?
Is the train derailment in NYC a terrorist attack, I'm scared?
Are all Police helicopters now grounded?
Do you agree that 100 years later, it's time to stop or de-emphasise teaching about WWI?
Examples of how the media shapes our views?
needing info on freedom of speech?
If I major in journalism: what are different types of jobs I could get?
I have had a couple computer towers in the last 5 years.?
Why has Bristol got a problem with photographers?
Van anyone give me words for my murder newspaper article?
What do you think of Paul Walkers death. And why the car burst into flames?
Do you think drugs should be legal?
We have all heard of Stephen Lawrence (his mother even entered the House of Lords - Why?)?
Does anyone else want all these big foot hunters to leave them alone?
Will this be an historic first parliamentary seat for Ukip.?
What are some generic conventions in an editorial/column piece?
Jayalalithaa flays India’s offer to train Sri Lankan Naval officials.Will there be a ripple of protest in TN?
What do you think happened to Kendrick Johnson?
How do i send an e-mail as an application letter for journalism in bangladesh?
Why do people cry over a famous?
Why don't we get balance of payment figures any more?
This is all about: Video killed the Radio Star?
Are you still \all in it together\, Gideon spends £10,000,000 on new furniture?
what happen to gdp when tax reduced?
Why do politicians get involved in disasters and accidents ?
What happened to Michelle Obama?
Is Paul Walker really dead?
how to read time of different cities in montblanc timewalker hemisphere watch?
Why do these \miracle\ cleaning products never work?
A NEWS CHANNEL MADE A MONTAGE OF AWKWARD STAGE FAILS?
How to intergrate this, quick question!?
What interesting things happened in the world, in the last 4 weeks?
Why does everyone care about paul walkers death but not the driver?
When did the state obtain powers to forcibly perform Cesareans on the mentally ill?
Paul Walker dead what do you think of this?
will there be another fast and furious after Paul Walkers death?
What was your reaction upon hearing that Paul Walker died in a car crash?
What's up with Putin's guards?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of the Nuke-Deal?
is it sick i think jeffrey dahmer is hot ?
‘Rights of Sri Lankan Tamils and India’s stand'-a conference by P.Chidambaram. What is your comment?
after somebody get killed or injured by a shark authorities say they go looking for it to kill it. how do they?
sad news about paul walker killed in a Porsche car accident, reminds me of James dean dying the same way?
Will any senior royal visit Glasgow to meet the injured and the heroes?
Is Paul Walker Actually dead or is it just a hoax?
Paul walker dead or hoaxx?
Pros and cons of your country?
The Syrian president is aAlawite...what religion are the people rising up against him?
On the 50th anniversary of the assassination of Kennedy does anyone care?
Oregon news archive Free?
Why are Americans people against Capitalism?
Because of one person why are many being blamed (Muslims)?
paul walker death: truth or hoax?
Do GZ financial supporters advocate threatening unarmed family members with guns?
why is minimum wage going up a good thing?
yesterdays yahoo headlines?
Virgin media blocked sites?
What is really the deal with Obamacare?
yay War Eagle! :-) arent u glad they won?
Can I copy and sell newspapers (or parts of) 100+ years old? Any copyright laws?
If FOX is right wing, how come its shows are reflective of that?
What's a good story plot twist?
how has media affected america business?
should the police investigate people who call other people 'nazis' on the internet?
Do you think people will like Obamacare after a while?
whats your opinion on miley cyrus ???? also read details below?
What is people's motivation when they comment \who cares\ on online sites?
Why isn't USA doing anything about its citizens in DPRK?
Maleeka eavesdrops on conversation about Miss Saunders. What does she learn? How might this influence her rela?
industry invested in health of law were is the article?
How and when has Sarin gas been used in Syria?
What's the most popular source to find out news?
Even FBI agents are disrrespectful about 911, our government will never lie to us!?
An idea I think libs and cons could support?
How do I set my home page to sport not news?
Do you applaud these parents of standing up to their children's school and protect their children?
Sample questions to ask local Fire Chief for an interview?
What is the truth behind the \Knockout Game\?
Why are people attempting to make Wal-Mart the scapegoat this holiday season?
Famous people against the War in Afghanistan?
Why do the media constantly talk about twerking now that miley cyrus had done it?
Why does Iran want to build a nuclear bomb so bad if they don't plan on using it?
Does anyone in England care about what happened in Glasgow last night?
When is world technology day?
news banner doesn't advancs?
Why hasn't there been a girl president in the u.s. Yet?
How would you nickname the current British parliament?
Some of the theories of the Glasgow pub chopper crash?
Why does Grand theft auto 5 get more attention but not crusader king 2?
Why is Arlington Texas called AggTown?
Will China start World War III?
Does disposing Syrian chemical weapons by hydrolysis at sea just mean dumping them in the water?
What page should I look on to find the information on the CIA drug sales in the Iran Contra Report?
What will theologians make of this if it turns out to be true..?
why do my yahoo news stories only show 1-5?
Doctor Who Near Possible End?
Are there any websites that pay you to write stories, opinions, etc.?
Does Obama actually have a definite yet unrealised plan for change?
what do you think of UGLIES BY SCOTT WESTERFELD and THE MAZE RUNNER?
where can i find 11 september attack documents and other interesting fact for my research?
What will you be wearing to this years work Christmas Party?
Do you think people who vote Tory over UKIP are stupid?
Are selfies annoying to you?
Will we regret making a deal with Iran?
Why is it that Americans almost NEVER hear ANY news about the soldiers fighting the War in Afghanistan?
WHAT IS THE MAIN POLITICAL PROBLEM IN BRITAIN TODAY?
MY MAIL AND THE 5 NEWS PCS?
Newspaper Head Line Help!?
i need to write a tottenham match review for a competition?
How to Miley Cyrus win maxim?
If UKIP is a 'one trick pony' what 'tricks' do labour have ?
How is the front row chosen at fashion shows?
Explain why Ho Chi Minh was so anti-American.?
How can the EU Employment commisioner say?
if your a quarterly reporter on alabama food stamps when do you report a change?
Why is Angela Ahrendts news so important?
Will UKIP become the official Tory party ousting the Conservatives?
why would a DDoS attack be bad for a company?
Only first group of news thumbnails displays, clicking for next sets changes numbers, but thumnails stay blank?
Will President Obama assume dictatorial powers and remain in power after January 2017?
How do you get followers on blogspot?
When on earth will there be complete peace on this earth...?
Need help finding a username for Instagram!!?
i played in dueling network and some guy kept saying his monster can't be effected by relinquish?
why yahoo news stories dont work on IE11?
What is the best way to cope with conspiracy theorists?
Why did building 7 Collapse?
sam the weather man i want to ask how to write a weather report? plz send me a sample?
To all our Scottish chums and chumettes?
I can see a lists (horizontal) of news items. Only 1-5 show and can be clicked on to open. Why?
How to read Rajasthan patrika's Saturday newspaper \me next\ online? ?
heard selene dion died in plane crash, is this true?
Why do I have no video with this Yahoo news item?
What would sending warships achieve in this instance?
82 year old who had brain surgery ordered to leave hospital?
What do you think of UKIP's Amjad Bashir?
is biased and superficail the same thing?!!? if so how??!?!?
After the events in Glasgow would it be safer for police to use drones ?
Should the BBC be allowed to censor comments?
What do you like about newspapers/news websites?
Does Yahoo! News have a content/subject filter?
To all Filipinos out there who knows Ara Mina, What happened to Ara Mina?
Make a print, television or radio advertisement promoting defensive driving using the concept of collision.?
Which countries are still in war today?
Where does yahoo come up with it's news?
HONESTLY, is Fukushima nuclear disaster still ongoing or not?
Did Miley Cyrus start a war and where?
Why dose the fox say?
Is the UN arms treaty really a trick to create a national registry?
who is sharkaishia or idk how to spell it?
Who is the richest man in the world?
Was Tim Lambesis found guilty?
What are some good anon blogging sites?
IBPS CLERK 3OTH NOVEMBER 2013 QUESTION PAPER?
Lay It On The Line: The Casey Combest Story?
Why do conspiracy theorists always cling on the most obvious and least coherent conspiracy theories?
Why no shoot down of Flight 11 on 9/11?
Why does the USA tell Iran they can't have nukes when the USA has thousands of them?
What point of view is Divergent by Veronica Roth?
Is poverty a human rights issue?
For those that do not buy health care?
Where can I learn how to be a broadcaster?
If they make Indiana Jones 5, where should it take place?
T or F ::: China should stop supporting North Korea and pull out all of their military and help from N.Korea?
who was God talking to when he said let us make man in our own image?
Will \NaMo\(Narendra Modi)slogan act as \Open Sesame\ to make in-roads into non-BJP States?
Did 42 million people get killed on Black Friday?
the TNT channel meaning, and ABC?
Why are Mecum auto auctions and the Velocity channel parting ways?
If the Scottish bemoan the fact they never get the socialist state they vote for how come they always..?
I'd like to get into a chatroom. Chatzy.com/31541127746574?
Why do so many people hate Chief Keef?
How to enter a contest you're too old for?
Al shabaab (somalia) vs Revolutionary united front (siera leone)?
Let's say a bank that is owned by the goverment like national treasury or something gets 3 billion $ by?
What's the morale or the irony of the British man who threw out 7.5 million in Bitcoins?
How is displaying a banner of a Scottish and an Irish freedom fighter offensive?
Should mainstream media be required to report parliamentary issues in the public interest?
News slide show not working?
Los Angeles Media Industry?
Where do I find the employment section in the newspaper?
MLA works cited!!!!!@@@~~~~?
Why is this image considered controversial?
Did Obama attend Bohemian Grove this year?
questions about edward r murrow hs?
Summary of R v Konzani (2005) case?
are strongly correlated happen on an 11-12 year cycle have not been clearly linked 1 and?
What will happened if the Obamacare survibe and it will become better and better every year?
If Scotland does not win the Independence vote ?
is one direction coming to san diego in 2014?
Daily news pictures not displayed after 1st five listings.?
With the massive protest over melissa Bachmann re the lion kill, has she finally been banned from south afric?
Is it right for Scottish nationalists to force an independent Scotland on future generations who oppose it?
four days book published 1964 by ft lauderdale news and sun sentinel with news paper clipping of the six white?
how would i prove that bill gates supporting gmos has been persuasive?
Thief impersonated to be cashier walked out with 1500.00. can i sue store?
NSA spying on porn?????????????
Newspaper Article on Buddy by Nigel Hinton?
Newspaper article on Buddy by \Nigel Hinton\?
Just how many fights occured this Black Friday at the Brawl-Marts in the USA?
Why can't Britain just defy the EU whenever it wants?
Any Writing Editors out on Yahoo answers, Newspaper, Book, Report?
17 people (mostly children) rescued from a human trafficking gang in Leeds?
Multi Stranded Narrative Film Examples ?
Will all the sea life in the Pacific Ocean run out of US coast line from fleeing Fukushima radiation expansing?
what time does black Friday end?
Is queens center mall crowded in the on black Friday in the afternoon like at 3:00 pm?
how come miley cyrus twerked?
Anyone else not looking forward to December 14th this year?
Which country has broken more UN resolutions than anyone else in UN history?
Why would an attack on Iran fail?
Is \lucky pants bingo\ a measure of contempt that government and gambling agencies feel for the UK?
Mafia boss beaten then fed alive to pigs ?
What should I write about for a personal experience or memoir?
When will i be able to see comet ISON?
Good Middle name for a Hudson?
Where in the world can I get a big selection Jeffrey Campbellclitas?!?
does susan boyle still live in scotland?
what's this SNP white paper thing about?
Should I see frozen or delivery man?
1. A tree is knocked down by a storm but survived the disaster. What do you think will happen to the tree in t?
Have you ever been accused of something you never did?
What is Propaganda and how does it work.?
Disgusting scenes in UK over 'Black Friday'- why do we import the worst of American traits?
As Future Europe is going to Islamic, so will be their Shia-Sunni conflicts?
is it true, American people are living in fear?Fear tactics?
Yahoo home page not working properly how to fix?
What should be done with news outlets promoting boo-hoo somebody hurt my feelings send me money stories?
Any thoughtful persons here concerned, at all, about what's happening in Fukushima Japan ?
Should the government do something?
What should happen to the waitress who lied about customers not leaving tip and set up fundraising campaign?
Will the voting age be 16 in the potential new Scotland ?
Has anyone taken part in \Black Friday\ shopping today?
What kind of crazy stuff happened so far on Black Friday?
Opinions on Mental Illness?
So now she wasn't a druggie. What next in this pathetic saga?
how many people died from opiate overdose in the united states in the year 2012?
Will the China-Japan islands dispute lead to war?
Francesca Eastwood got divorced?
Why have China created an air defence zone?
electronic media in communication?
The Term Black friday, have anything to do with profiling?
Why I Can Not access to 5 to 52 Yahoo News feed ......... I can Only view 1-4 Only.......can you please Help.?
What should happen now in ref to Scotlands Independence?
I can no longer scroll in news; it moves to a blank box instead of the next news items; how to fix this issue?
BEST THING TO CURE RELIGIOUS WARS?
Is this a technical document or not? http://www.thestar.com.my/Tech/Tech-Opinion/2013/10/16/Making-Cities-More?
why can i not view the news stories in my main box?
Use iPad at home in chicago and in mich can't get back to local news at home local news stays in mich?
WHAT HAS THE BNP LEADERS DONE TO CURB IMMIGRATION IN BRITAIN BY YOU VOTING FOR THEM.?
Where do these 'converts' get the idea that mutilating an unarmed man in the?
Why is this sickening and stupid things keep happening?
Does Virgin media actually break its contract with its customers by blocking p2p sites like PirateBAY etc?
How old is Louis Tomlinson Turing on December 24 2013?
London want to be a great capital of Islamic finance and Yuan trading hub in the Western world?
Is this 'shared' parent time a cunning plan to get deadbeat sperm donor dads to acknowledge their kids?
Wasn't there a 'scheme' to pay mum's to breast feed?
With his history is he a suitable candidate to adopt a child?
Oh dear, the green eyed monster...a good character flaw to expose on a?
what is news editor qualifications in india ?
Who gave Scotland permission?
More instgram followers and likes?
UK household debt hits a record?
Should mince pies come with a warning?
\Counting of civilian war deaths' in 2011&now in 2013-2014 by Sri Lanka,Will it be more,less or same?
I just wondered about the 2006 Terror plot convictions, which I was looking at recently?
UK: Is it fair for parents to have a shared year of paid leave from work?
Why do people look at the book while someone else is reading?
what are the upcoming events of Bally Sloane Night Club , USA?
Middle name boom....wasn't the middle name traditionally where family names were passed on?
Guess which Nation is top of the league table for UK immigration?
RIP Lewis Collins. Did you buy his one hit wonder when he was a member of The Mojos?
Is 27 years long enough in prison for this 'dirty rotten scoundrel'?
Will people frown at the innocent band members of the lost prophets?
a report to the editor of newspaper n the present system of education and examination which needs reforming?
What did President Obama do bad to get all this hate from people?
What is so great about Miley Cyrus?
Why do western people call Bangladeshis Bengali?
How would be Iran today if they were not islamacized?
Research Website for Teens/Kids?
I work for a newspaper company and need some ideas?
how can i know a person by their ack. no.?
Where can i buy a daily agenda from?
Quick! List some current & relevant business topics that can/will impact the world.?
An idea for a high school journalism project?
Are there any journalism internships for high schoolers?
Why won't reuter, Good Morning America, AP accept my press release?
What was inaccurate or \mis-reported\ about early announcement of the collapse of WTC 7?
Speaking in Tamil,.Gujarat CM extols people of Tamil Nadu.Will he help Lankan Tamils if he becomes PM?
Has anyone read \Killing Kennedy\ by Bill O'Reilly and Martin Dugard?
Sri Lanka counting the civil-war dead.Will it include Sri Lanka's Black July Dead?
how many minutes and hours has it been since November 15, 2013. at 11:21am?
How Do I Add Broadcasting Clips To My Online Portfolio?
is the broadway bomb race happing in 2014?
What was inaccurate about early announcement of the collapse of wtc 7 by the, fox, bbc, cbs and NBC?
Statistics Help! Do people prefer watching videos on the internet more than television?
Where to find a community of beta readers?
DO you think paparazzi are scum?
Why does Yahoo Sports have headline stories about Dancing with the Stars (for example)?
Colombo counting war dead-The Hindu. Is \Still Counting The Dead\ after four years?
parts of school news paper?
Do you think GZ is happy to be a poster boy for white racist conservatives?
Should the profits of companies that started WW2 be reparation taxed retrospectively ?
If they had been moslem would they have had to pay?
My mother wants me to worship louseefer?
does fox now cost money on your tv provider?
Will England be allowed in the eurozone ?
Is Edie Reader drunk on Question Time?
does black friday start today or tomarrow?
Will the UK government give asylum to white South Africans or is there too much white guilt?
swami nithyanda is a thief in a Kaavi cloths and a fake sanyasi?
Who can deny that \Greed is good\ for society?
Malcom Kilduff says LBJ mentions Communist Conspiracy before Oswald is arrested. Later we learn about Oswald?
Both Alan Sugar and David Dimblebey are tired of BBC programmes, are you enjoying the cookery channel?
What are you looking forward to in 2014?
Do you miss getting drunk like you did when you were younger?
What channel is NBC for xfinity (I think I spelled it right)?
What age group is going to have to pay back all the?
What can be done with the UK's 45000 empty shops?
should celebrities now be banned from children's hospitals?
Does anyone have a list of kgon hosts through the years from 1980 to current? Preferably morning hosts...?
why the hell is China stirring up tension over a few rocks in the sea?
What are you thankful for this Thanksgiving?
Why do people spend money that they do not have during the \holidays\?
Why would a Muslim dance Gangnam style cuddling an AK-47?
Anybody else here follow the bullet proof diet?
Is the North and South towers, located in the World Trade Center, the same thing as the twin towers?
When is Nash Grier's Birthday?
Where can i publish sports articles?
Newspapers and magazines produced in Britain for ethnic minorities:?
Response to Grandpa Q.?
Your views about PAKISTAN?
Lewis Collins has died - he was my teenage hero?
With North Sea Oil in decline what are Scotland's other main sources of income?
Why would an independent Scotland be so keen to be ruled by Brussels?
Is Salmond the worst negotiator in the northern hemisphere for assuming EU ascension despite the facts?
Don't the 9/11 conspiracy theorists offend you?
What is the cost of your company Christmas do? Does the company pay or do you?
subscribe pls i will sub back http://www.youtube.com/channel/UCI6P1PXAYcPCvp-oY7i6Hbg?
Why do most female journalists like to claim that women are outperforming men?
Did Rob Ford (the mayor of Toronto) have a weed smoking scandal before the crack smoking scandal?
What are your thoughts on the recent death of Mr Brian Griffin?
Which country in the middle east has a land grab policy to expand its borders?
Why is the news feed not working? I can only see the 1st 5 stories.?
What is a propaganda?
Good title for feature article about selfie?
Why did osama bin laiden terroize america?
What we can do help babies please?
Do you find this story worrying?
Why don't the Ukrainians want the EU?
Is this the solution to the dangers illegal immigrants face when sneaking into Europe, America and Australia?
What time does cyber monday start?!?!?
Is there really a refugee camp in senegal?is miss harriet saitoti really lives here?
why are people quick to blame politicians for immigration,when the business community also played a mayor role?
Why do these areas in England want free of Westminster in London?
What do you know about Iran?
How much control does Miley Cyrus have over her own music and actions?
Any real events that happened relate to the story \Thanks for not killing my son\?
Why cant England have a Nationalist Party?
What us the news talking about...you know, about \identity thieves\?
Did anyone really expect that Iran would concede anything in the so-called negotiations? When did they ever ?
Why do they repeatedly describe the Chinese murderer of a family a 'Midlands' businessman'?
Do you have any spare bedrooms?
Why so much phobias about having a beard and long hair?
reasons for declaring war?
If Obama is doing such a great job....?
Camoron on Cigarette packaging, is this now a double U turn or a W turn?
Children in Britain dont fear Muslims Like CallKaye on BBC Scotland said this morning?
Is the rise in net migration a sign that the economy is improving in the UK?
Yesterday Cameron boasted net migration down by a third. Today BBC announce it's back up?
Hmm...remember Ms. Lawson's silence; 'keeping her powder dry' (in a manner of speaking)?
why is matt lauer growing a beard?
How do Scottish nationalists honestly feel about the white paper?
Would England benefit if it left the UK?
Does the government do enough?
How many millions of pounds does Scotland give to Westminter?
why free media is behaving like usa govt mouthpiece?
How do I cite something MLA format in text from websites?
Why does a person have to learn to?
What is the best sports station outside ESPN network ?
Who do you consider the best (human interest) journalist and non-fiction writer?
Can I expect any form of payment for taking part in a Channel 5 Documentary?
Does something like humanitarian journalism exisit?
Chromecast vs HTC Media Link HD?
Where will the 'hate crimes' foolishness end?
Who knew? So it is not just Britain sick of funding all and sundry? But are EU immigrants the real problem?
In comparison with the RBS is Wonga a paragon of integrity, honest trading and customer care?
Is skype really ending in december 2013'?
Is the RBS treachery typical of the UK banking industry?
should i change the years?
IBPS PO 2013 RESULT DECLARED?
Why is Justin Bieber not arrested for graffiti?
What is happening today in usa?
How did Lauren J. Funk die?
Any deaths that ACTUALLY changed the world?
Is it true that in a group?
black friday newspaper ads?!?
How is the Worlds Fair location chosen?
How long and how much nuclear material can be poured into the ocean before our rain water becomes poisonous?
how can you locate homepage news story from two days ago?
Did Kurt Cobain abuse Courtney?
When did America lose its innoncence?
What's Attack On Titan and why am I seeing it everywhere?
Why isn't the 'knock out game' acknowledged as hate crimes?
What should I write about for a personal experience or memoir?
When is attack on titan coming out?
How can you report a webpage that instructs its readers to break the law nation wide?
Is there a way to point out an error made by a Yahoo news byline reporter?
The Yahoo news page displays a ribbon of choices: All stories - News - Local - Entertainment - Sports - More.?
Which social media you like most?
Which university is the best in journalism ?
Why are people upset with stores opening on Thanksgiving?
Am i the only person tired of seeing Miley Cyrus and justin bieber everywhere!?
why don't anyone working for the technical arm of the bbc have scouse accents?
2 young people in our neighborhood?
Did you health insurance get cancelled?
Tips on a Fashion Editor?
next year marks 20 years after 1984 and marxism hasn't been arrested, how come?
Is the current Arab/Israel conflict a land war or a religious war?
Is there a lot of people at Sam's Club on Black Friday?
why don't yahoo just close down their answers service rather go through all this rubbish?
After the 1st world trade centre was hit, why didn't they scramble fighter jets to the scene?
why people want to be early on black -friday!?
The less of two evils: USA or CHINA?
Will Cameron extend the benefits ban to 3years ?
Follow me on Instagram? I follow back?
Do you think O.J. Simpson was denied a new trail because he is black??
Have the SNP finally revealed their hatred for the English?
What does the fox say?
Are the World Cup riots in Brazil justified?
Democrats: Is it fair to say the REPUBLICANS were right when they said Obamacare was not ready to roll out?
Will the roma invade the pakistani areas of Britain ,will the army be on stand by to stop the conflict?
Who should of been killed off in Family Guy?
Tips on how to win this contest?
Why are Letters easier to remember then numbers?!?
Can someone please explain whats going on in the middle east right now?PLEASE?
Funny newspaper name for book report?
news papers with tragic events? how long till it's printed?
......What are snips?
Did you hear, Moslem Brotherhood plans to disrupt NYC Thanksgiving Day Parade tomorrow?
Should the Moslem Brotherhood be allowed to disrupt tomorrow's NYC Thanksgiving Parade?
where did oswald buy the sight?
If anyone tries to disrupt the NYC Thanksgiving Parade, would you mind if they were beaten?
What are some differences between sky news and bbc news?
Will Spain be able to take control of whats rightfully theirs through diplomacy or will fore be necessary?
what is a good attention sentence about keeping our law enforcement safe?
What county was the birthplace of Matthew Fox?!??
What would help make daily decisions?
How can I get more followers on Blogger?
3 Ways the Rwandan Genocide could have been prevented?
A serial killer's compulsion to copy other serial killers' compulsions, Has there been such a thing?
What's the book on watkins sentence?
Internet broadcasting as a hobby?
Can someone give me a summary of this article?
tragic events in the news and tv?
News papers and new media?
Good books on newspaper articles?
Do people watch the school cameras 24/7?
What are the differences between British newspapers?
Railway Barriers...Need ticket?
If the government were to tell people what to eat in order to curb obesity/diabetes, what freedom would that..?
What are the best deals on African American Friday?
Do you think an elected House of Lords is a good idea?
Wow! He knows how to choose them doesn't he?
How did anyone think this was appropriate?
When did it become a crime to be beautiful?
Why did yahoo censure the name Dick Clark?
What are some causes and effects of Tim O'briens involvement in the war?
So why aren't the French racist or 'nasty'?
Who out there listens to BBC R6music ?
Wow! how tough is that?
World trade center rebuilding question?
Black Friday 2013....?
America: A Melting Pot. What non-traditional dishes do you have at your Thanksgiving meal?
If England has to move the trident weapon system ?
Is Becoming a News Reporter a Difficult Job?
What is the cost of keeping nu britons in UK jails ?
Can someone show me how to do Critical appreciation (Commentary) on this short para?
When do 2013 Black Friday ads come out in the newspaper?
Oswald should have left the last empty in the gun so no accidental shot when gun found?
the Yahoo news events slides only show #1-5, blank after that, why?
Another 'British' terrorist arrested in Kenya?
Three die in Brazil stadium accident, is it time for FIFA to start reconsidering its policies?
How did they prove oswald was guilty?
Who knew that honour killings were not confined to the ignorant and undereducated?
Does anyone actually understand Obamacare?
Best sites for news/celebrity stories.?
How much is too much.....on a Christmas wish list to Santa?
Oswald had to manually eject empty shells, so why 3 empties on floor if only 3 shots taken?
Why were there more deaths in WWII than in The Global War On Terror?
Why on EARTH are there so many paedophiles in the news these days?!?
Should we feel sorry for these innocents 'enticed into a life of gangs and crime?
Now we are all enjoying the benefits of the EU can we choose which European country?
How on earth dd she get this job with her tastes?
Would you react badly to a compliment about your looks?
quick help please!! where do you mostly find articles from?
Can someone help me find the actual video of this Obama Article? \Keep their Dam* insurance\.?
Are you unemployed and why ?
Okay shoppers - what are your thoughts?
how do you look on someone who commits suicide ??
Nigella: Now we know why she wants some snow at Christmas?
anyone watching the today show with me?
What is the ful from of NEWS?
Does the current spate of ...?
What is your verdict about talwar case?
I need radio station slogan ideas?
put to death convicted murderers?
Why is my local news from Sunnydale Ca., when I live in Niles Mi.?
Where were you on 9/11? And how did you feel when you heard the news?
why are lenders refusing mortgages to former payday customers, can cameron help these aspirational home owners?
will uk YA receive a tax break by returning to green. is this a long or short term policy?
are torys overplaying the green levies, when profits for the big six energy companies have rocketed by 75%?
true or false: commonwealth citizens have right of abode in UK. who is the head of the commonwealth?
are torys, bankers and met police right or left wing, why do the public mistrust them. who eroded integrity?
Why the conservatives are proud of the Bedroom Tax?
Do you care if the UK is thought of as ‘nasty’ for cutting migrant benefits?
Do the government and the no smoking public honestly think that they can stop people smoking?
I'm curious about smuggling marijuana on a plane.?
should I feel bad, if I am sat down from a position in the church?
Tension between U.S.A & China &.?
I want anchor anushree' cell number?
With the threat of war in the middle east with Israel,Saudi Arabia v Iran ?
Want to know more about diana precious modu at the refugee camp in dakar?
Have lottery sales slumped since the 100% rise in the price of a ticket ?
31,000 extra winter deaths and energy company profits soar 75%, is it time for a wind fall tax?
Nine million people are in severe debt in the UK, what would happen if...?
why does media coverage in relief operations be banned?
Should hospital authorities ban smoking in hospital grounds?
What is a master in a newspaper?
Should the lottery be banned from advertising?
Medieval Middle East but Israeli woman fined $140 per day for refusing to circumcise her son?
During a debate dated November 2010 with Tony Blair, Christopher Hitchen stated:?
jansi rani speech for fancy dress?
controversial topics for debate?
do you think that black Friday is the most dangerous shopping day?
Did any major world events happen in 2002?
Why is Gentrification even happening in the first place?
why usa govt are afraid to lose faces on world media?
are pedophiles guilty of the worst crimes. I am sure that being one eg rolf harris is a career killer?
black friday information need help understanding this?
Indonesia want Australia to say sorry ?
Why eaking english becomes a threat to tourism students?
I need to draw a political cartoon, any ideas?
what newspaper have health articles?
Where did the knockout game crime come from?
Comparing Film major to music venue job?
news stories on home page will not go past first five?
Proof that there was more than 1 shooter during the JFK assassination?
Is it embarrassing to use a check for a small amount of money?
What Russia and China would do if Iran retaliates any Israeli attack? Remember, Iran was world?
Wait what is with this Family Guy death?
what is the cooliest , most amzing things that happend in 2013 this year in current events?
Weird sound in Québec?
How has U.S. foreign policy led to the continuing chaos in Afghanistan?
Any good NHL news radio broadcasts?
why does depravity always find a natural home at the BBC?
Why do western media demonize China?
Did the media overhype the \Knock out game\?
Miley Cyrus mental breakdown?
What happens to the pardoned turkeys?
Why does media portray Pakistan as a shit hole where only taliban dwell?
Is world war 3 about to start? Look what happened in world news today .... Wow?
why is Washington so pissed at Karzia?
Is Family Guy killing off Brian Meg's fault?
will the union jack be changed if scotland leaves england ?
9 /11 terrorists were saudi how ironic Israel makes a pact with them to fight Iran ?
is good to keep a journal about your sexule fantasys?
What really happened to Jimmy Hoffa?
Is the latest Iranian agreement on nukes a \Peace for our Time\ agreement that will become ironic?
In love with a colleague?
Does someone have a little bit of fantasy? Can you give me just an idea for this?
Do these 2 thesis statements sound good? which one easier to do? Topic: Media History?
Ian Watkins. Guilty: How long will it be before queues of 'abused' offer exclusives for tabloids...?
How exactly does Black Friday work?
Why can I no longer scroll the news banner?
is jameis winston guilty of rape?
my news will not scroll?
why can't i scroll news?
How can I get all of a columnist's columns?
As Britain changes, is it now time to introduce stronger penalties?
Is the U.S. Going to war anytime soon?
What kind of counseling theory would be appropriate for Aaron Hernandez?
Why is the white house locking photographers out of public events?
Why is Italy so adamant about convicting Amanda Knox?
Which is the best pro independence newspaper in Scotland?
Does anyone know where I can get Paul Harvey broadcast archives?
Plebgate..Who do you believe.. Plod or Tory boy?
Is this news article bias, why or why not?
Sale of student loans to debt collectors, what will it mean for ex students?
Which college has the best journalism program?
What kind of topics can i write about?
Pope calls for \attacks\, US closes Vatican embassy as too unsafe. Is it war between Obama and Pope?
any problems with the pbs site?
Guyz have you heard ?
Can someone please help me write a paper on the 1992 Los Angeles Riot?
when will black friday ads be in the newspaper?
what is the sponsor of this website and the updated because i cant find it http://womenshistory.about.com/od/w?
MitchellGate: Why should you open the Main Gate of Downing St for a cyclist?
Do people mollycoddle there babies too much and underestimate their strength?
arab spring violence examples?
After reading about the Nigella Lawson cocaine allegation do you feel that Saatchi is vindicated?
Unique fundraising ideas?
should we build more nuclear reactors in the UK?
Will the zionist wahabi pact topple the shias in Iran ?
End of the world december 2013?
have you heard about the court/trial of Sherrif Finch. (Fitch)?
How do you feel about another Obamacare lie -- Turns out there really ARE 'Death Panels' ...?
Why does everyone really think Brian is dead on Family Guy?
Which part of England will house them all?
Lostprophets singer - what is the worst part?
SCOTLANDS PASSPORTS WONT BE HANDED OUT LIKE BRITISH ONES AFTER INDEPENDENCE,?
Can you answer this please?
videos from yahoo news are not loading?
I want to know when the Romanians?
I have an economics news letter project. What are some good tittles?
What stops a magazine editor rejecting my proposal for an article, and getting other journalists to cover it?
Why can't i control my ego anymore?!?
Is it inevitable that the NHS will?
I this girl famous? Do you hear her on the radio or see her on TV?
Why do liberals expect walmart to dole out welfare money to its employees?
Is there a difference between \racism\ and racialism?
On what channel is american music awards on ?
Why has no one been charged over the illegal Iraq war that resulted in over 1 million deaths?
How many listeners does Radio1XTRA have per-week?
should the world abandon nuclear power?
There is a detectable vibrational hum on Melwood Drive in San Jose night and day??
If the Scots want independence why join the EU, aren't they swapping one master for another?
LostProphets Singer Pleads Guilty?
Did anybody else's screen go back to the old version?
Should an independent Scotland be allowed to keep the Pound Stirling?
What actions can we take since North Korea is testing its Nuclear Bomb?
Why does public television have a problem in collecting money from its viewers?
What do you call a person who collects newspapers?
Is it ever justified to judge people by their names?
What do you think the average Tory MP sees in their minds eye when they use the phrase \Hard Worker\?
Danny Dyer in Eastenders?
Why is arushi talwar case getting such importance?
There are 85 Items of Yahoo News today. But only 1-5 could be opened. The rest no. What is the problem?
why usa govt ignore israel security when they make a secret deal with iran? is that how usa treat their ally?
Kids Educational Channel in India?
When did they start filming Bowling for Columbine?
Where can I find free downloadable foreign newspapers/magazines?
Why is there a need for Israeli settlements in the West Bank?
Would you happily stand on a train with no seats for a lower fare?
How can I post an article or news on yahoo?
Could we come up with \101 things to use David Cameron for\?
Why the hell does no one care about the world's problems?
Rip Off Britain? More like There's one born every minute?
Do you think the Iran interim deal is a good thing?
Scotland Vote: Pro UK Scottish politician says (read on) >?
My news feed is not showing past 5 Please help.?
What if Japan invades a neighbor again?
I'm confused about the Sandy Hook thing.?
Hilary 2016, Michelle 2024, Chelsea 2032, Malia 2040, Sasha 2048. Whos with me!?
Where do you usually watch The Heirs on the internet ?
Hi, i am Chairman SK Garg. Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar Marathwada University?
Who is Hemendra Jha? What is his talk show - \Who will answer it?\ all about?
Is online carnatic learning is good or useless?
What is your comments on Aarusi's murder Case?
Watergate conspiracies?
So how is everyone loving the affordable health care act (Obama care)?
why human right group do not condemn supreme court decision for not allowing them freedom to secede from usa?
How do you correctly in-text cite online articles/websites?
why usa is bullying china with their military might and control over global mouthpiece?
What is happening to Pakistan based ISI and LeT accused for Mumbai terrorist attacks?
If I wanted to work for a newspaper or magazine involving writing, page design, etc. what major is best?
what do you think about our government spending a lot of money sentencing people to death by the death penalty?
What is your opinion on drones?
Why is my health insurance going up by $1000?
Does one direction include vip?
what are the key issues in defining terrorism?
Where can I get articles written in English about French places?
Where can i watch A Place in Time documentary?
Who got the better end of the deal on Iran's nuclear program?
what are 4 current events and summarys on them?
How hard is it finding a journalism internship without any work or other internship experience?
what has been your biggest failure?
How many minutes into Black Friday will the media start reporting Wal-Mart stampedes?
Is this the most surprising poll of 2013?
which channel is abc on directv?
which channel is abc on florida ?
A mother's Journey Between the Life of Her Son and the Gallows.Is there a reunion in the offing?
after the nuclear deal with Iran, what do you think will happen if Israel attacks Iran?
Does anyone believe the propaganda on news networks ?
can u help me to narrated this story pics?
Don't you find television to be quite obsolete these days?
What's the most shocking newsclip you've ever seen? The pictures you never forget?
can someone explain the M. night Shyamalan references lately!?
What are the advantages of a one state solution for Palestine and Israel?
Where are some good articles for the history of the debate of Absitinence and safe sex?
I NEED HELP!! ANYONE EXPERIENCED WITH 1D CONCERTS?
Are the UK poor schizophrenic ?
Most of Europe and America seem to be?
What are the three ways to capture tape based media in Avid Media Composer?
For the damage that has been done to this country?
what are some of the current state issues going on in California?
Best exploring Documentary videos?
Does America make unreasonable demands and impositions on other countries?
Which of these will happen more at the start of shopping season: Black Friday riots or Black knock out games?
Why does America continue to insist Assad must step down?
Do you look at this graphic and think that energy suppliers are making massive profits and increases?
What do you think about this....................?
Over half of UK citizens would welcome Romanians and Bulgarians to the UK, are these the non-fascist half?
Why was TWA flight 800 shot down?
Why was TWA flight 800 shot down?
Will Benjamin Netinyahoo be on tv again with a cartoon of a bomb with a red line on it ?
How will Israel and Saudi Arabia react to the Iranian nuclear power treaty ?
Anything involving humorists?
Iran - What happens in 6 months time?
Help from people experianced and fairly familiar with Reddit?
Why is it so difficult to determine whether a country is pursuing a nuclear weapons program?
Soooo Iran keeps their nuclear program and gets sanctions lifted?
What caused the nationally televised media networks in the US to ignore the knock out game for so long?
Aren't Christians allowed to post things about Jesus that are in the news on Yahoo answers ?
why cant i play videos from news pages?
how much of the internet do you think they've censored?
Iran sanctions and nuclear deal. Good deal or bad deal? Why?
News and events. US finding an alternative easier and cheaper route?
Where do I find the groups broadcast command?
How much is it going cost on black friday?
Amazon? Have you seen what Yahoo are offering for 96 hours work?
Who was the most famous person to die every year between 1955 and 2012?
What are the latest news from the Middle East Syrian Crisis as of October 2013?
Should the Queen win the next Nobel Peace Prize?
Sarah Palin NOT wearing her Wedding Ring, Why?
Are Best Buy Black Friday Deals Available Online?
what is indpls. star and news shone number?
Regarding Katy Perry's performance: Should everyone not mimic someone else's culture ever at all?
What do you do if you are called for jury service?
how can you attack a castle?
I really want to get into the media industry?
The EU bans discrimination, why remain part of it if countries wish to discriminate against member states?
How does Lawrence Williams feel on a Sunday morning?
Is racism correlated with poverty, and are poorer areas more racist?
What would be the best thing to do if i found an alien in my house?! Plz help?
Help with some questions about mass media?
What should the Scottish currency be named if expelled from using Sterling?
Will jameis winston be charged in the alleged rape case?
Arushi murder..? Do you think parents deserve death sentence..?
What is the cost for advertising in a newspaper for a day?
Is there too much violence in media?
what was todays ktla code word 11/25/13?
Do you believe the Iran deal helps to avert a nuclear war?
How isn't it terrorism that Israel occupied Palestine and kicked them out of THEIR homes by FORCE?
Why do people keep writing about how low wage fast food jobs cost the country billions of dollars?
Will israel up it's campaign of assassination terror on Iranian scientists now that an interim?
Do you agree with the decision of supreme court of Aarushi murder case?
What updates/issues have occured the past 3 months in Obamacare?
Is there anything in the constituition that talks about conspiracy?
I want the names of best institutions for MA Mass Communications in India?
Is it bad to think your country is still racist?
Ian Watkins is in court today?
Should we be more worried about Pakistanis or romanians and bulgarians?
What do the majority of muslims in the UK think of Anjem chaodhary?
during SSB are ew allowed to keep our mobile phone?
What updates/issues have occured the past 3 months in Obamacare?
What updates/issues have occured the past 3 months in Obamacare?
What are some healthcare issues in both the United States and Sweden?
Is patriotism now classed as the new Nazism?
What are credible sources to find statistics on parking lot attacks or attacks on people leaving work alone?
Mass immigration into the UK, why are we not marching on Parliament? do you want this?
reasons why arab-muslims shouldnt be viewed as terrorists in wetern TV?
How do I cite this article in MLA format?
Persuasive speech *HELP* (Against FLU SHOT)?
2013 tsunami ph what towns were hit?
Has MSNBC joined the so-called war on women?
Will you be watching Panorama today?
Is R22 gas now banned in the UK? Is R404a gas still ok to use?
How much possibility do you see for these people to get hit by the returning bullets ?
im writing a persuasive speech on terrorism I need help?
How to become an anchor in vijay T.V?
Do you believe Skip Bayless and S.A Smith's opinions are genuine?
What Cameras did the BBC use when filming Only Fools and Horses?
Had he have been a rioter stealing a bottle of water he would have been jailed, who has he got in his pocket?
Question about breaking coverage of Kennedy assassination?
How is Kanye West represented in the media?
Please cite your work, how is social media good?
Have you ever made a geographical blunder like this?
Nah, they don't really want to kill us, do they?
Who else is looking forward to Alex Salmond's white paper tomorrow?
what inmigration do with the finger print en jfk?
The world is not a safe place.justify?
If Cameron can defy EU law on benefits for immigrants, why not ban the immigrants?
What's the best site for independent news?
regarding of ibong adarna.give a short description of the event.and what happend?
how Oprah Winfrey converted some events of her life into opportunities?
what are the strenghts of oprah Winfrey?
Are the UK Government reliant on immigrants to keep the country economically afloat?
Main point of this article?
?? ??? ??? ?????? ????? ?????? ???? ??? ???? ? ? ?? ?? ??? ??????? ???? ??
What is going on between Israel and Iran?
Why did the DOJ say one Cell Tower routed all the calls on 9/11?
Slurred speech in captive videos?
Documentary suggestions?
Can someone summarize the cause of 9/11 and all the wars thereafter (afghanistan , iraq, etc.)?
Where can I watch the Doctor Who 50th Anniversary?
What are some good ideas for a documentary in the city?
Are the articles from the U.S. EPA considered scholarly?
Where can i find a good argument article?
What is the issue surrounding feeding the planet?
Are we truly facing a food crisis?
Why did Americans turn from expansion beyond U.S. borders to internal expansion after the Mexican-American War?
I'm writing a journal about life in the 1930's?
What are some good ideas for a documentary in the city?
What does Alex Salmond intend to do to stamp out anti-English racism in Scotland?
What if the the lost decade never happened?
I Hate Nielsen's Rating TV Need Help with Questions PLEASE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!?
I need to defend that Germany was guilty for causing ww1?
Today is 25th november 2013. What is special today in India.?
In what ways do television and media support the various conspiracy theories that americans believe today?
what can you do, when someone or something is invading the TV.?
Whatever happened to that guy who caused the Boston Bombings?
Former CBI official says he did not record Perarivalan’s confession verbatim-The Hindu.What is your view?
Why wont the west admit islam is culture of death?
Are people camping outside of target?
What is a major challenge facing the health care industry?
What was the age of hurricane ike when it died?
When was the last time the news stopped TV to tell serious news?
Question about Print Journalism?
3 ways Robert E Lee affected the civil war?
What are the conditions in Haiti recently?
What warnings were given prior to hurricane Katrina?
where can I speak my mind and the newspapers will see it?
How will Iran \neutralize\ uranium?
Find a satirical comic and explain the target of satire?
Project Free Tv blocked and Once upon a time?
Michelle Obama makes a speech regarding....?
What happens to people and animals after taken from a tornado?
Deciding a major? Journalism or physical therapy?
Was the Sri Lankan government justified in attacking the civilian population to conquer the LTTE? Why?
What channel is ABC on for charter?
What are the requirements to become a film editor ?
WWII began 6 months after Chamberlain declared peace in our time?
why did mori not get his money in goodfellas?
Should Putin receive a Peace commemoration for averting an Iran war?
Why are they quibbling over £30000 to bury an English king? Plenty of nu British cost more don't they?
Why won't Yahoo news articles show on screen when i scroll across?
Will Israel hit Iran with a pre emtive strike as they do not trust them ?
Why does \must have Adobe Flash Player\ come up to see a video in the News and I already have it.?
Is General al-Sisy of Egypt a Mass Killer? Any Estimate how many he killed at Rabaa Massacre on August 14-2013?
what would a good executive summary look like for Driza Bone and bringing it to the U.S.?
What are the routes to becoming a journalist?
Do you think the Iran deal was good for America?
In what TWO ways did African American support the nations war effort in ww1?
Is this teacher justified in her honesty, or should she have shown more tact?
Why can I only see the first 5 news items now?
What does the fox say?
Monarchy or Republic for the UK?
Why doesn't Prince Alwaleed bin Talal lead his own foreign campaigns?
Who is this girl in the 2013 Las Vegas calendar, I bought it at ABC?
What are some controversial intercultural communication issues going on right now?
Would you 'pamper' your skin with snail slime?
In what TWO ways did African American support the nations war effort?
Why do some American people go visit North Korea?
on yahoo home page the news hedlines does not scroll and load from left or right?
Has the European Union been a success or a failure? What factors have caused the current Eurozone Crisis?
Are British judges 'institutionally racist'?
Are the Government going to give away £900 million pounds of Student debt to their Friends?
Is this a new 'defence' for an alleged rapist?
Would reducing the age of consent to 14 reduce the number of paedophiles in the UK?
Was an apology warranted? Has there been enough evidence to support?
\For Me?\ you love it when people say that after you give them a present?
Good party venues on Anglesey or Bangor?
What Are Some Short Term And Long Term Goals While Being An Intern; More Specifically A Radio Intern?
Has anyone started to celebrate Christmas yet?
What do you think about Iran nuke deal?
What channel is abc on direct tv in Rochester?
what was deal iran had made for its nukes?
Do you guys think israel will strike iran because they don't agree with the deal?
What time is the USA Xfactor on? live in western usa?
what makes news topical?
As there are only 3 pages of questions currently?
What is a good name for a newspaper name and article? 10 points!!?
how many people were killed by hurricane Katrina in Florida?
what irans opposition to israel really about. the Iranians could care less about a few million palestinians.?
Two forms of ID for giving blood?
What should I take at A-level for Journalism?
Help with political news!?
What makes a country a world leading superpower?
PLZ REPLY ASAP???WRITE UP FOR INTERN?
websites where I can blog about sports on?
What are the best documentary films to choose for presentation?
Should i do ten tours?
Why do drone strikes kill innocent people? Arent they only supposed to kill terrorist?
whats its called when 2 networks shares one Channel?
Can someone go to jail for hitting someone with asthma ?
What is event management and it's need?
Is there going to be another Orange revolution in Ukraine?
help please i have to suggests 5 reasons why conscription is fair and why it is not fair? help please x?
Advice on how to write ? love story?
Has Richard Roeper stopped writting his column?
How to write your own living obituary?
why my three favorite news sources stopped appearing when I search for them all at the same time what happened?
Why does my tax money fund Israel's atomic bomb program?
Commonwealth games will keep them happy, are you coming?
What has O.J. Simpson been up to since being found Not Guilty of 2 Murders?
What are the skills being brought by Romanians and Bulgarians coming to stay in England?
Why all the fuss on British TV about JFK?
Why is Israel unhappy about the peace deals being made between Iran and the rest of the world?
Junkies in Uk get motability benefits because they are ill,what a scam,self inflicted illness.?
Want to be scared out of your wits?
What sort of press do the BBC get?
why do you think North Korea is testing nuclear bomb?
What channel is telemundo?
Is this what cuts to the Police Service will bring?
Could the Middle East be on the verge of something akin to the Balkans in the early 1990s?
Where did Obama meet Michael Obama?
Help with Richard Nixon and watergate please?
Do Political fundamentalists act just like religious fundamentalists?
when was charles babbage died?
Did West sacrifice Israel's security in exchange of Iran oil or fear of terrorism on their territory?
Question for media students? Please help!!!?
What specific businesses/organizations have been affected by Obamacare?
how can i publish an article to CNN?
Given that both Labour & the Tories are considering penalizing land hoarders & speculative land bankers?
Is this another reason why the NHS is falling behind almost every health care system in?
Is this just one result of providing free healthcare to the world?
Is the NHS Britain's gift to the world?
Are you 'outraged' by this fat tax?
Why limit these benefit changes to EU migrants?
Are you worried about the sale of your medical records to private companies after Christmas?
What was the song on the New York Marathon Coverage?
Becoming a Paparazzi?
Should gender segregation be allowed in UK universities if it suits the religious bent of visiting speakers?
Are there any recent articles that use the 'RAVEN Criteria'?
Question about Steve Jobs.......Please answer?
Is this woman Blair's Monica Lewinsky? He did not .......etc etc etc?
Can the U of A tell a media company they cant cover their games?
Is this the extreme result of immorality and no responsibility child production?
What is the love jihad?
Will Israel bomb Iran?
Which school in srilanka has performed well in worldwide?
international news would be published with national news are useful for local people agree or disagree?
Did Adam Sandler die today, 11/23/13, in a drunk driving accident?
Is she schizophrenic?
Iran Nuclear Deal Agreed!?
Did anybody else see JFK's murder video and cry or is it just me?
Isn't it wonderful that Iran and the United States have reached a deal to help bring peace to the world?
Has an Arab party ever been in a Knesset majority?
Black Friday hours 2013?
What is bad about nuclear?
Influential people 2013?
Lee Harvey Oswald shot JFK You think?
You think the United States will ever get hit again by Terrorist?
How do I preserve my Kennedy newspapers from death?
Be careful when leaving this site now to view images!, How do I post media from another site?
Are we going to be hit by Irans nuclear?
I missed Dr. Who while time traveled?
Is the time war still continuing now the doctor has saved galifrey?
Did they have tv commercial covering JFK Funeral?
Why doesnt yahoo news use the correct name for the affordable care act?
Why does anyone still like Obama?
Help with Richard Nixon and watergate please?
How can I watch the Weather Channel online? I dont have cable.?
Catchy title for child labor article?
Do liebrals hate the NSA because it supports and obeys Israel?
rob fords brother drunk on cnn?
why are websites allowed to post beheadings?
Why does the United States avoid supporting the precautionary approach ??
feature story for expository writing/journalism high school class!?
A Democrat rumor, again.?
If you could read telegraph, how fast u decipher?
Is there a way to report a website for being a disgustingly offensive hate site?
why can't i scroll thru news-will only display first five picture news items?
Exodus blue legal high reviews?
Anyone tried exodus blue? bad or ??
Why does the US government try to make people think that the taliban was made by PAkistan?
There was a preemie baby documentary on Yahoo news the other day?
I'm a son of a baroness, does that make me anything?
Do you consider India being colonized by the British significant or not?
What's the point of having an answer violation appeal process when the appeal's page won't send?
How can I gather donations ?
Do you think this news is true or fake ?
Will IDS be following the London slave case with interest?
Why is Bill Gates as rich as he is?
Do you think the government should tax junk food?
What is the difference between Communication Media Study and then Communication TV/Radio Study?!?
does anyone know of a working 2013 project blackout aimbot?
If the Arabs and Jews wiped each other out in the middle east ?
Are you watching Dr Who?
What are the ranks in a magazine ?
hi....updated to 8.1, now cannot scroll headline pictures, thanks FRANK?
Why is the Drudge Report alway so depressing?
Yesterday was 50 yrs JFK & Tippit, tomorrow is 50 yrs Oswald. Will there be a TV special?
Have you ever got a vio on the sluggs board?
Is there starvation deaths in the U.S?
Should London become independent ?
What nationality were you expecting the two slave drivers to be ?
Should Martin Bashir be Fired from MSNBC for making those Horrible Comments About Gov. Sarah Palin?
Have you seen the classic how to avoid rape public service announcement? Where can I find it?
2013 Black Friday Specials?
how to inform about a political event to mass media, like CNN, FOX...etc?
What can be done to solve the Muslim problem in the UK?
Why shouldn't Palestine have statehood?
What is 1D Day? Why today 23rd of november music channels playing so much videos of One Direction?
Black Friday Specials 2013!?
Why shouldn't Palestine have statehood?
Why isnt the iPhone 4s price not going down its still too much $450 & 5s $569 in USA markets not internet.....?
How will Palestinian statehood create security for Palestine and Israel?
How will Palestinian statehood promote peace throughout the Middle East?
the scrolling news clips seems to be frozen or stalled. is there a setting screwed up?
Am I a victim of domestic slavery?
Examples of unethical treatment of young people/children in the media?
i can only see the first five current events then if i scoll it is blank any ideas what to do to fix this?
what takes to be a journalist?
What is meant by this article on Bad Grammar?
Do you think a CANZUK union would work?
Why are inner-city youth doing the Knock Out Game?
Can I watch the Doctor Who 50th without spoilers?
What happens if the recently detained, Merrill Newman, is seriously injured or dies in North Korea?
Does earls court arena have automatic ticket readers?
Why is there zero discussion about Land Reforms in the UK ?
why can't I go to the next set of news items when i click on arrow?
What direction is kennedale tx from dallas tx?
Anyone know a foootball team in essex for a 16 year old?
Newspaper names including the words Green Lake?
Broadcasting timing of Bharat Ek Khoj..?
What do you think of all the tensions in East Asia?
Is it a coincidence that Israel along with the US are assisting Al Qaeda in Syria and 3 days ago Al Qaeda..?
Insidious 2: What is the logic behind the past-present events happening in The Further?
How much is state Pension for a single pensioner in your country?
What are your thoughts/opinions on the UK anti smoking advertisement?
Who was the worst dictator in recent times?
Does anyone else find it amusing when million dollar lottery winners go broke?
Where could I find some interesting science articles?
We should get back to public information adverts like this surely >?
Will Afghan security deal with US make the country safer?
Why do the Boy Scouts of America discriminate against homosexuals?
What is the traffic condition in Sorsogon to Allen on November 23, 2013?
Law Enforcement Social Media policies?
whats the song on the channel 11 add where there is a pool party with a clown in it thanks heaps xx?
war against terrorism in hindi essay?
Corruption problem among some UK minorities, says MP?
legalize red fox in CA?
Hi friends, I have been called for an audition round of Kon Hoeel Marathi Crorepati - KHMC in pune on nov,28?
Are they being a big man playing the knockout game?
How does objective journalism relate to The New York Times?
What does the fox say?
Two-headed question about British announcers on U.S. American radio, esp. NPR...?
Did Mystique transform into Kennedy before the trip and then reformed after the shooting?
Is it just me or do you guys think they should have spelled Google with Brain matter today?
How do reporters handle possibility of arrest the way they do?
on home page i can't get anythig past1to6 in the news why?
Are One Direction VIP tickets for the 2014 tour more expensive?
Benefits of reading daily online newspaper?
Is the Kinect 2 the perfect tool the goverment uses to spy on us?
About Video Journalism?
Did the Warren report on JFK mention \The Harper Fragment\...?
Should iran make a preemptive strike on israel seen as israel won't agree with the proposed nuclear deal?
has anyone been a displaced homemaker?
Where can I buy New York Times Sunday Magazine?
Has Judge Jeanine been removed from the Fox News schedule?
What channel is Day of the Doctor on in the U.S. in chicago?
hi people.my name iz zeeshan and iam 29 yers old.iam haveing a pro since 2012.?
what day of the week did JFK die?
feature story for expository writing/journalism?
What cult did the couple in Lambeth use?
causes and consequences of salt satyagraha?
Miss congeniality in Miss Universe?
Where is the My Questions tab in Yahoo purple?
How can I make Demi Lovato remember me? Past meet and greet experience?
Add my stormID on fashion story?
What are some good journalism beats?
Is the New York Times newspaper sold in California?
I have a question about GoFundMe?
Will Nintendo and Charles Martinet be at Comic Con International 2014 San Diego?
If Zimmerman were Gay would the News Media Bully, stalk and pester as they do.?
Examples of unethical treatment of children in the media?
Want to see Carrie 2013?
Kennedy/Oswald/Ruby....I was ten years old then..and?
What is so significant about JFK's assasination?
What are the issues of journalism today?
Do you believe the results of polls in the media?
Why can't I access the next 5 news story pics on my yahoo home page?
Front page of yahoo is blank when you choose a category of news or even move the mini-photo folder?
What happened to CNN - worse than FOX?
why does the news screen stay white when i try and scroll to next five?
How to write a newspaper article?
Should Britain focus on improving our relations with Portugal?
What is herman cain doing now?
Where were you when JFK was assassinated?
On the home new page, why is the system not displaying the \News\ or \Local\ stories?
Obama and McCain speech in 2008 ?
Did Doctor Who assassinate John F Kennedy?
is it in the government's best interest that the public believes Oswald is lone JFK assassin?
Why is the Giv't letting well know terrorists in as free refugees?
Where can i watch rai sport 2 channel online for free?
Surely this is not another mother putting her boyfriend ahead of her child....how many cases like this have?
Why do some teachers not know that sex with pupils is a no no?
How would JFK's assassination be covered today?
v fest or leeds fest or wakestock for 2014?
what kinds of events have celebrity speakers?
Can anyone else see the simple answer to this problem?
Isn't this excuse ( not used to alcohol) wearing a bit thin?
Is there any Peshwa's legal heirs live ? Is government gave them honor like freedom fighters ?
Has the internet affected the credibility of news reporting in a positive or negative way?
Aplia Online Exam Tucker Macroeconomics Fall 2013?
When will we re-institute equal time and media market share laws so reason has a shot against expensive speech?
Who paid Oswald to shot Kennedy?
igf 1 lr3, legit sources?
igf 1 lr3, legit sources?
Natasha Kaplinthsky: There's has been a thurge in thtamp duty..... WTF?
Women look at porn online, so how come it is only men who are on the UK news for looking at porn?
So who exactly IS he representing?
Are you ready for the next wave?
Obscure News radio/site?
Which newspaper has the best or most famous diet tips in its middle section?
Ethical issues with newspapers?
Need to know which website is good for it. News update..?
Is this an over zealous head teacher or the shape of things to come?
How many countries do Scottish nationalists believe should be on Great Britain?
Im doing a news report about moses and i have to make a catchy title about the article im doing ....pls help.?
How pregnant is George Zimmermans girlfriend?
Aid to the Philippines - is this wrong?
Im doing a newspaper report about the book of exodus,and i have to make a catchy..pls help me?
What would you do if you saw a young child out with a golly?
Its 12:35 pm, does JFK remember what happened 50 years ago?
What dose the fox say?
What was the update on this story?
Is this a valid reason to be banned from your national team?
Are these sentences fair for this crime?
Was this guy being racist?
Please help with a coupe of multiple choice questions about journalism?
Can Iran be trusted? Or will the west once again be hoodwinked like they were by North Korea?
If Obama would create the JOBS he said he?
name of a 1997/98 bbc documentary on drug misuse filmed in bradford.?
Britain's first White Honour Killing?
The Yahoo News Images do not work.?
FEMA is now hoarding food?
Is the UK progressing or regressing ?
Is it a sad refection on our?
Is there a website where all the tv news and newspapers go to find stories that users suggest?
need daily updates , suggestions , info about fests,conferences,competitions in india for an indian citizen?
Fifty yearsago today, Kennedy was killed. Do you remember where you were?
Do news websites typically copy and paste stories from somewhere else?
do you think there will ever be a day when the truth of what happened to jfk will be known?
are the british the only?
Milwaukee CBS 58 I-Pad Air?
daily news stories not showing details or pictures after 1st five listings.?
Does the press always behave so rudely during press conferences?
Obama moves another \red line?\?
New Year's Eve events in Bristol?!?
What is Michael Bloomberg known for that is a good reason?
Are you ever amazed by the things some people will do for attention?
If Walter Cronkite was alive today, would he have joined Al-Jazeera English or Al-Jazeera America?
I am interested in customizing my news feed to follow a category or type of event?
3 Slaves discovered in London after 30 years in captivity ?
Why do people compare the kamikazes to terrorists?
After 50 years do you remember where you were when you heard about the shooting of President Kennedy?
Are we in the future now?
Latest news: Use of mobile phones allowed on the plane during flight?
What's going in with Obama?
Why is Iran enriching uranium way beyond the levels for \peaceful purposes\?
Was 9/11 done by terrorist?
why isnt the scrolling news working anymore?
Debate: What's a Tie Back?
does anyone know an article that i can find an african american that murdered two kids?
what is the role of an intern in a research board meeeting?
Who owns India media?
Is this image really about child marriages with old men in yemen? or is something else happening there?
The Reverend Paul Flowers will soon be knighted for services to public life?
Does LG stand for Leaking Gigabytes?
i need your thoughts about my youtube channel?
Why today celebrates the 50th anniversary of the assasination of john f. kennedy in dallas, texas u.s.a.?
I like to know how to pruchase the serie Bizarre ER published by BBC three?
Raising children without modern television and video gaming?
Can you sell a real life story?
What side would you imagine Fox News would be on and why?
What side would you imagine Fox News would be on and why?
when will the new star wars 7 coming out?
Is an ADN (nurse associates degree) enough to be an RN?
What do you think is going to happen to america's economy in the next ten years?
What's that video called where a man walks up to another man sitting down on his porch getting shot called?
What is Obama Care? Can someone explain it to me?
How to write a good article about technolgy to attract people and improve th eweight of websit?
What are 3 must-have elements for your event?
why do paparazzis care way too much about justin bieber?
Will People know when the new world order is here?
Was TARP (trouble asset relief program) a failure?
What to write in a journal?
Yahoo news strip under headline photo does not advance past first five pictures?
is there any current events like the english civil war?
How many teens in the world use social media?
Company that is having problem (NEWS)?
communication fail funny reporter?
Does the sedition act apply to events in the Speakers Corner?
Short summary of Arab Spring?
When I attempt to open a news item from Huffington Post my screen locks up, why?
Is it significant that my Ozalid of Aaron Copland's Appalachian Spring does not bear publishing rights?
What was the United States like the first few days after the assassination o JFK?
How is it that polk county sheriff grady jud can arrest and put on display for the media 12 year old girls?
What channel is BBC One on Comcast?
White Ribbon Campaign Announcement?
Does anyone know when...?
I am planning a visit to the States in December.?
What are examples of media control in Brave New World?
yahoo news strip under headline photo does not advance past first five pictures?
IS COAL CITY,IL ACCEPTING DONATIONS?
Cameron loves to globetrot the world going on about human rights ?
is there a website to watch the oj trial on tape?
Can someone find me a similar article?
New Yahoo Answers Format, do you like it?
How many days did it take to release the Zapruder film after JFK's assassination?
Bill Clinton and JFK can commit adultery and lie...?
How much is a slave in modern London ?
Events that are historically significant that have had their 50 year anniversary in the last decade 2003-2013?
What can we sell in the UK to raise money for Philippines Disaster?
Any difference between gateway to hell in Turkmenistan and a slave house like in Lambeth?
An awesome headline for a science report?
Stock market crash and Great Recession?
Landmark Forum California. Is it a scam or just a cult?
Landmark Forum California. Is it a scam or just a cult?
Chernobyl disaster? effects?
modify my news paper headline?
Why is Israel so opposed to a Palestinian State? Do they not think about how it feels not to be recognized?
Names for a newspaper column?!?
Title ideas for yearbook feature story about fashion?
Do David Cameron's internet censorship plans spell bad things for the future of UK liberty?
Are you worried about the US knockout game?
Why can't I get anything past the first five news \windows\?
Is it true the UK is top in europe for F.G.M. ?
what to know the ministers in Ghana and they are various position?
I'm 20, is Obamacare targeting me?
Switzerland is staging a public vote on limiting executive pay, should UK do the same?
how can I find out who wrote the blog about me Nicu Milotin Truth ....can I sue the person ? and How?
Help on Abortion Editorial Paper?
Why did Yahoo News feature a major spoiler of \Person of Interest?\?
Is covert euthanasia now endemic in the uk?
Why is the K2 scheme called as it is?
Spying TVs help manufacturers ads, say BBC?
If this is the case then they?
Wanted! A photo of MG Display drive by Lancs.Cons on Preston Guild show ground. The first Guild after the war?
Is it fair to call the recent honour killing an honour killing?
Why is Sky(British Sky Broadcasting) Blocking websites I try to get onto?
attack on titan question?
please could someone give me the link to an acceptable newspaper or news magazine or other popular media news?
I chilled with people that was smoking weed 3-4 weeks ago so do you think if I test I will come out positive?
What you remember about what was going on in your lives at the times of the Iranian hostage Crisis?
I think the multicultural experiment is a great success ?
Are you feeling stressed and sad? Have a butchers at this?
How do you see your list of contacts on this new layout?
3 women held as slaves in London ,were the slave owners English victorian types ?
Why won't Yahoo recognise that I have Flash installed when other websites eg BBC News, will?
What does the article \The Futility Of Global Thinking\ by Wendell Berry mean?
What do you think of this?
What did the emergency services do well on during the 7/7 bombings of London?
why are some people so vile and evil?
What are the recent updates in plain english?
Is this the future of news reporting? 1. Weird computer animation of people 2. Where?
Can someone tell me a crime case where pollen on the clothing of the victim or suspects helped?
What all this beard growing for the month of November all about?
Like Brazil can Mobile Panic Button be helpful in reducing violence against women?
What are the conventions of news?
Deny character reference?
what is the gadget on the global great gadget giveaway for this week.?
Britain is still living in the manner of Victorians?
Why Jakarta is threatening Canberra into a war?
is afghanistan a \just\ war?
why are people still quoting My Immortal (the fanfiction)?
Does Alex Salmond understand what the word \independence\ means?
Who resigned in defiance of NBC censorship? What other forms of censorship emerged from networks?
What do you think about this piece of news?
Knock on effect of mass shootings?
Geopolitics Drowns Sri Lanka's Tamils.Cameron's ENTRY is like a straw.Will they clutch at the straw?
The FACTs about nuclear attacks on Hiroshima and Nagasaki(USA Vs World)?
Why do greenpeace activists not do demos at war zones ?
With so many entertainment options today, how was radio managed to keep so many listeners?
Best placeto donate to to help Haiyan Typhoon relief?
With the daily mail block porn campaign? What do you think will actually happen?
Changing a news story into a radio bulletin?
How do I set up a news alert?
how many refugee camps are there in Dakar, Senegal?
when dr.abdul qadeer khan died?
US will soon celebrate independence day:in the gettysburg address, all men are created equal, was this a joke?
Would you pay a small fortune to watch 5 anally retentive geriatrics cavort about on stage?
are the torys privatising the armed forces, by stealth?
Should the drone attacks by U.S.A in Pakistan continue?
why did the tories subsidise the housing market that will create a boom and bust, but refuse help to shipyards?
Is the Co Op debacle master plan (conspiracy theory)?
Why is it suddenly News that there was shoot to kill in Northern Ireland?
How to catch a sight of a red fox?
Can somebody PLEASE give me the address for e mails to customer care, the one that actually gets through?
Could the Sunni V Shia war in Syria and Iraq escilate and drag in other nations like ?
What America Wants from Pakistan ,Afghanistan and Iraq ?
Why do Iran not want to focus on solar and wind power?
What will happen when Iran manage to make nuclear weapons? Do we really have to be afraid?
What should be done with Tejpal? your thoughts are welcome?
Could u guys help me out what to wear on my boyfriend birthday party. Its a formal party.?
how to write a news report on a girl's murder in train?
Is footballers richer than musicians?
what is media vehicle?
Did members of the Irish Republican Army regard themselves as civilians in the 1970's?
Do you believe that typhoon Haiyan was man-made?
why no \Highway Patrol\ on \THIS\ network?
why are we in afganistan?
Why are most American news programmes such a joke?
newtown ct, killer educatain whit CIA can possible?
Why is Black history so biased in Britain?
kavvada nuclear power plant which was recently in news is being set up?
How old is M-Net's flagship investigative show - CarteBlanche?
discuss the features of content bills?
Why can't the HS2 high speed rail network be built on the motorway central reservation?
what surplus products of developed nations enter the market of the under developed nations?
Still believe CNN and MSNBC are \balanced\ ?
Will idaho ever legalize marijuana?
We are being colonized?
Why aren't Jesse and jeana vloging on their YouTube channel?
Why do we care about Whaling?
What about the new IT event going to be organised by government of UP?
why is the govt letting known terrorists into the country as free refugees?
What ethical issues surround embryonic stem cell research? Should President Bush have imposed limited federal?
whatis unique only to the united states?
is there any big news happening in latin america right now?
Why do some people care about Africa?
hey socialists and communists what was the minimum age of execution during your wonderful soviet period?
bitcoin:can someone explains in layman's language how it works?
Due to middle east instability should Antartica be mined for natural resourses ASAP ?
How many mass shootings have there been in the US this year?
why wont charity shops stock or accept smoking pipes?
77 Tornado's, America,NEW TORNADO THEORY, could they have been prevented?
At what point does order restrict freedom?
Any MORE terror attacks in our future on US soil?
Was the 1987 stock market crash covered up by the media at first?
Toronto residents:How are you all dealing with having such a controversial mayor like Rob Ford?
what happened to miley cyrus?!?
Are there any reliable sites of information to use for my research paper on single parenting?
Any major tereor attacks on us in our lifetime?
why are so many people supporting Mohammed Morsi?
If a person commits suicide do they show it on the news?
What is the point of this article?
Why Do We Allow Fracking if it's going to Cause Earthquakes Like it has in Ohio?
Will the middle class greenpeace activists parents pay all costs ?
Should George Zimmerman still being Owning a Weapon (Gun). Is his Behavior Women accused of him is acceptable?
What should I write about in my school newspaper?
I really need opinions on this article for homework!?
I Want to be a Rolling Stone Journalist?
Explain the raise in occupational diseases?
I need opinions on this article?
Is there rule not to mess with kids in prison?
Is it worth joining the Military ?
Research Essay on Islamic Extremist?
Obama's approval rating it 42%. 55% disapprove (according to CBS). What does the remaining 3% think of him?
How much will Uggs be this black friday?
Lost a fight, Feel a bit proud of myself and on the other hand like Sh!t?
Have you heard about the Swiss referendum on Unconditional Basic Income and what are your thoughts?
I REALLY NEED HELP WITH AN ISSUE!?!?
what is the debate on iran?
Am I the only one that's bothered by this article on Washington Post (wrong grammar)?
Is George Zimmerman being bullied by the media?
Was there a story when there was a lady who recorded or quoted Obama without his permission?
I dont know what to write about if my topic is about illegal immigrates?
Is Obamacare an American Perestroyka?
December 2013 PF topic contention/points?
definition of extremist?
Who would be an independent Scotland's closest ally?
As there were no Current Events questions posted between 7pm and 11pm, did Yahoo go purple?
If you could experience one event in history, which one?
Are UK womens prisons still as they were 200 years ago?
Do we have even one objective, unbiased news network in this country?
Car boot sale trouble -please help :/?
A news story about how a teenager got in trouble because of their impulsiveness?
Do many Americans immigrate to Canada?
Is there any country crazier than Great Britain?
How does music help people deal with the government?
What are your favorite comedy/pop-culture-discussion podcasts?
Where can I find a good African American Publisher?
Why do we bend over for Iran they have been double talking us for years?
How old is Roman Atwood?
best stories to tell as a wingman?
Does anyone in Canada want to return to the privatised health care of the USA before circa 2009?
how do I sign up for NPR to listen on my computer?
HELP!what circumstances will the consumers of a good end up paying..?
Can \serial killer\ be considered a genre?
Do you read the news?
Has Rush Limbaugh's show ever been cancelled?
Tony Blair 1997 gun ban speeches?
Does President Obama really sing in the shower as Michelle is reporting ?
Where do people get the info to write articles on celebrities?
charlie manson murder case, info please!?
kixy dash for cash 2013?
Is there a published paper or peer-reviewed article on certain tornado myths?
Does it seem like George Zimmerman likes the attention?
big gadget events coming up?
What's the weirdest front page news story you've ever seen?
Why arnt I getting accepted for interviews?
Has a woman ever been convicted of raping a man?
Hull has won it's battle for City of Culture, I'm delighted for them?
What are the best websites to write articles for?
Where can I watch The Texas chainsaw massacre (1974) online for free?
If a pro-vegitarian party formed government and banned meat in UK, would you support assisted suicide?
What your opinion on dentist news please?
How do I go about getting a laptop on Black Friday available only from 6-7pm?
How greedy and arrogant can you get?
Newspaper Article Ideas?
Why and when did the entertainment industry turn to into filthy garbage? Speech ideas.?
what is the major harbours seaport and the countries they are located in west Africa?
Where can I get high quality photocopies of my vintage newspaper to display?
If I take an intro to online media course will I be required to set up accounts on social network sites?
Should Britains cities be lorry free?
Can anyone give me an idea for my thesis topic, regarding on media?
How should a person react if he/she gets cornered like the victim in Bangalore ATM?
Oslo Police: \We have lost the city...\ WtTBloody F?
Will this see an exodus from the C of E?
So the Saudis actually hate Iran that much they'll ally themselves with Israel for a strike on Iran?
how do i read the news?
why and from when the conflicts of water between pakistan started?
10 crazy laws and their origin?
Would you have handed this bag in to the Police?
Do you think it's good or bad that the government invests so much money in London?
What are the steps judges can take to protect juries from prejudicial media coverage?
Could anyone suggest some important points to bring up on my report of Internet Censorship?
Why don't you hear about Mosques helping out with the tornado relief efforts?
I have flash player installed, but news videos will not open?
Norwegian army placed on strict vegetarian diet, but all those greens produce gas?
Characters in Ender Game; Motives?
Need help please?!!!?
I think eventually Westminster Government will be forced to join EU?
If Japan invades China and South Korea, would you support it...?
Why hasnt countries such as Pakistan and India and other places?
How long would it probably take for Britains immigrants to leave if?
Freedom of Speech in America?
The knock out game Al? Jesssie?
Did John Prescott have anything to do with Hull being awarded City of Culture for 2017?
Why does Daily Mail have to show this?
Why can't the bloke who found this keep it if no proven owner turns up?
Grr this new Answers layout is annoying! How do I just view a list of my questions?
Do you know Japan invaded various Asian countries and killed many innocent people very cruelly in the near pas?
Anyone else had problems with a 3'3'' man apparently sent by E.On?
Comet Ison: What part of the sky do I look to see it?
British PM a hero among political leaders in Tamil Nadu.Isn't he a hero to many readers who have commented?
What will George Zimmerman do now that he can't carry a gun or any weapon? He can't even?
what is the difference between pressbox and media tribune or commentary area?
Millions of people are facing financial collapse, how can we prevent this crisis?
is breaking bad a documentary?
What channel is 1DDay on?
Will you visit the city of culture - Hull, this year, i hear it has good betting/pawn shops?
How are men represented in music videos?
Any common Pattern of subtle terrorism.?
which government department publishes UK econmic data?
What Documentary do you think was most interesting?
Was not it West's fault that they deposed democratically elected leader Mosaddegh in 1953?
Where can I buy Bane coat?
What do you think of my new High-Tech weather forecasting system?
Would it deter suicide bombers?
How to organize a gay party ?
What can I do to help victims of the Philippines typhoon?
When is part 2 of Recruits on Today Tonight (W.A)?
Does anyone know about libel and slander?
Looking for fallacious articles,?
When Will We Be Out of Oil and Coal?
What time should i arrive at Toysrus for Black Thursday/Friday?
I see clearly that Iran Nuke talks are yet another typical Western mistake & are going to be a disaster.?
What is the procedure to submit a guest post on below site.?
Unemployment Rate was Falsified?
‘The England Prime Minister and Our Prime Minister’.How is this Karunanidhi's tirade?
Where can I find the yahoo article that was posted the other day about a cabin renovation (Nov. (15-17) i?
Is there bullriding events I can enter in Maine?
Thoughts of Kenneth Bae??
can someone please give me examples or articles about populism being expressed in current day? NEED HELP ASAP?
Can't open photos in Gallery?
Why can't we trust North Korea?
access a recent article about burts bees?
Where can I find print newspaper articles online?
why did the rocket in virginia launch a 8:15 and not 7:30?
why can't i get the news on yahoo?
What are the issues surrounding SOPA (Stop Online Piracy Act) ?
I want the adress or website of Australia refugees?
what's the point of having any other tv content provider than the BBC?
How do you see Obama-Care?
Have you written your congressional representative demanding impeachment articles be brought forth against Oba?
how to write a good hook for the audience in an argumentative essay?
can labor camps in north korea a human rights violation?
How does society impact out perceptions of heroes and villains?
Why are people so brainwashed by the media?
Three biplanes with slogans flying over LA 11/19/13?
Help I do not understand this article :/?
Who do I talk to on Yahoo news about having someone write article to motivate students for a special career?
which of the attention seeking traitors has come out best for their activities?
In the book of Revelations it says no man knows the day nor the hour when the Son of God shall appear so how?
What is this Yorkshire clown all about?Who is it?What?
What are your opinions on the mccanns?
I really hate Japan, they invaded Korea 714 times in history, what if they invade again?
Journalism Opinion piece topics for 1 page?
Leftists argue in favor of U.S. isolationism, because U.S. actions in the third world have favored the elites?
Is michael jackson in guantamano bay?
Where didState-sponsored violence against citizens has happened in?
Headline for Spirit Week for my yearbook?
Does Osama Bin Laden still have personal followers?
What is the general view on Islam in the Media?
Do you think your investments are safe in The Co-operative Society ?
Who is watching The Five right now? (5:20 PM November 19, 2013)?
Does she deserve to be ridiculed for her hunting picture and comments about enjoying it?
Did the judge have the last laugh?
how was how an inspiration on British television?
is google blocking 100,000 search terms censoring the internet for the ordinary general public?
Why do some news stories get more media coverage even when more significant or violent acts have taken place?
Will you have anything to give thanks about on the 28th of November?
Why have we not heard about Vietnam after Typhoon Haiyan hit? or did it just die before hitting Vietnam?
Does anyone know of the album the chili peppers are releasing on the 29th of November this year?
In reality, more than a billion people do not have access to clean drinking water now.\ Why would this be?
Do you think this young rapist can be rehabilitated?
Is it time for the government to nationalise Cadbury's?
Are Cuba that big of a threat in 2013 to world peace that the US still feel the need to have a blockade?
Hi im trying to find a newspaper from 29th-30th of September 1990 of a dog attack on a young boy?
Is the UK lacking naval ships and being overpowered by the Spanish in Gibraltan waters?
what where the top news stories that occurred November 17 and 18th 2013?
Whar country did NOT fight in a war against Israel?
Did U notice vast differences in debris - Sun. Night's Russian planecrash with Shanksvile/Pentagon of 9/11?
read 11/18/ news home page?
I am unable to schroll thru the news features left to right. Nothing loads after the 1st 5 items.?
why does the media seem to push this?
I lost my airsoft gun!?!?
English: A fashion article idea?
Would the NSA's evidence be useful in determining whether Salmond was a liar over Al-Magrahi's release?
What's a good name for my school news paper?
If you are Atheist, Agnostic or non-Christian, what do you do during the Christmas period?
why dosent the liberal media encourage faith love generosity boundaries and health?
is the retailer shop hmv still in business?
Should David Cameron resign for the sake of the union?
How did the milkybar kid die?
What do these Nazi-Soviet Pact of 1939 articles mean in your own words?
Morris dancing troupe breaking health and safety laws?
Creative writing competition?
When has a news story changed something in the world?
Are there any teenagers who actually read the news daily?
Should Britain follow the Japanese when it comes to immigration?
Is north korea becoming capitalist?
How do authors make a tragic event so compelling for readers years after the event happened?
Is this Racist, it it a \hate crime\?
Tell me about freelancer.com?
Were these terrorist attacks the work of israel?
unable to see the news slide show?
HELP! on media homework please?
Why no war on poverty & hunger?
Hate being born in 1994?
how tv has expose French language to the views?
Why did Kennedy have a parade at Dealey Plaza?
Is yahoo covering for bad obama ratings? Why won't the article come up?
War reporting??????????
what happened to tebow?
How can they justify holding someone for 11 years without charge?
Will Sachin Tendulkar visit war torn Kashmir Valley on PEACE MISSION to console people & ask army to go back?
President Bush and women in STEM?
What did Israel contribute to the philipines disaster relief?
What is a good title for a news article on smoking during pregnancy?
Who is James Anderson? The NEW President of Cartoon Network?
Would a single payer program (like NHS) have been preferable to the mess Obama has got us into with Obamacare?
MY HOUSE IS A TARGET?
What is the name of this German WWII prison guard (recently in the news)?
what do you think of this offensive mural, is it really that bad?
What is the major called?
Hey Liberals, if communism works, why does Cuba still look like 1960 and the majority of population is poor as?
can someone give me a current civil rights issue and three sources about it?
Some people believe that violence in fiction and media can result to real life violence. Do you agree or not?
A good headline for yearbook?
British PM does what Indian PM failed to do-Deccanchronicle.Doesn't it reflect the mindset of every Tamil?
Been Caught Shoplifting?
did bin laden kill tupac?
why doesn't the news hidlines scroll past firt page?
Current event: US was made by immigrants, then why Mexican immigrants are unpopular?
Is it the British sense of humour or apathy that makes us tolerant of incompetent Government?
I see GZ continues making news...I'd sure like to know what's up with him?
Someone explain \simply\, the reason for drastic change in gasoline prices that happen over night?
Should income tax and corporation tax be lowered in the UK?
Which radio station do you believe is more popular with the public: Capital FM or BBC Radio 1Xtra?
what is digital journalism? what are the requiremts to become one ?
Who is the glam doc on this morning ?
Wy is their no spell chequer on the new yahooo answers ?
Have you ever engaged in a 'Selfie'?
WHich country has the Maximum Organisations that got banned internationally under terrorism charge?
How to make your own title for editorial?
What is the hypothesis from this journal http://www.scribd.com/doc/185384467/Teaching-Synthetic-Biology?
Please help us donate for the Filipines!?
Are you pleased and delighted with Yahoo's new look?
What boundary caused the Bohol, Phillipine Earthquake 2013?
One child policy- was this interfering with nature?
Before a TV series/ movie is aired or released, do you find...?
Isn't this the chink in UKIP's armour?
Help with youtube channel ?
Editors - What is your company name?
How to form an educated opinion of world events?
pay for nhs treatment or stop people entering the country?
How many soldiers does Hezbollah have? Various sources said they have nearly 20,000 fighters in Syria alone?
Either way,as European I think Europe as whole is lost as friend of the United States?
Why does everything have to be \deployed\ these days?
Can someone give me a non-religious reason as to why gay marriage should be illegal?
What can i call my fans on Instagram?
social issues/justice podcasts/blog?
Is Dallas doing anything for the JFK Assassination anniversary?
Why did they mention the 1993 World Trade Center bombing in Godzilla 98?
Does the government profit from sex trafficking?
Discuss current events?
my joining of new service answer is coming today.is it favorable or not?
Why not all countries boycott Pakistan for their official involvement in terrorism through ISI?
Need a historically or politically relevant song for school?
What do you think about Alec Baldwin using homophobic slurs? Some people say that just because someone...?
is rust in your micorwave bad for you?
For what I get paid an hour?
20 million people are going to lose their health care...?
Has Fox News said even one neutral statement about ObamaCare?
why won't news scroll on Yahoo homepage in Windows 8.1 I can only view the first 4 or 5?
What does the fox say?
wichita falls newspaper archives?
why are so many people upset about how Miley Cyrus is presenting herself?
Why was George Zimmerman already living with a girlfriend when arrested today?
Why does George Zimmerman keep getting arrested and what is he thinking?
What do you like of Obama Care?
Why is the little boy called Red Chief?
If you know anything about Jonestown or whatever?
why can I only view the first 5 current events?
how do you put money on the phone for an inmate to call you from lewis prison?
CHOGM provided protective cover to Rajapaksa: TESO.Will British PM David Cameron unmask it?
Can i review a book/TV show for my high school newspaper and claim fair use?
Now that Cameron has banned half the English language will he be clever enough to come up with …?
Child porn: Internet giant Google axes links to sex-abuse websites in stunning 'victory'. Says who?
With Obama's approval rating down to 39%, can he still Lead us to Prosperity?
shouldn't the unemployed be encouraged to smoke and drink?
Will there be a World ending Nuclear War?
Will the United States fall?
George Zimmerman arrested again. Do you think he'll be actually convicted this time?
What is your reaction to this shocking video?
Is it true that JFK hated Lyndon B Johnson?
When will you be leaving Yahoo Mail because of their spam?
If I decided to emigrate from the UK to Iceland how easy would it be?
Who killed Kennedy what was the reason ?
Should we all feel greatful towards the super rich and treat them like an oppressed minority group?
If there are no jobs for young people in UK why are they bringing in all the Roma people ?
Do you believe in the conspiracy theories around the assassination of JFK?
questions on exodus, the story of moses?
Should we all demand that Yahoo revert back to the green format?
like wtf happened to miley cyrus ?
What is wrong with the digital stations CBS and NBC in Pennsylvania?
What are ur views on drone attacks?
old newspaper style font?
Why is there so much outcry against India's Mars mission ?
What are the current social debates in France?
Free Scotland is going to abolish the TV licence How will English Feel?
Is Oprah Winfrey racist?
What's your reaction to Nick Clegg saying UKIP are 'unpatriotic' and betraying Britain?
If Scotland allowed the Russia to put nukes in Free Scotland?
WHY SHOULDNT A ROYAL DO IT?
baking headlines for a school project?
WILL BRITAIN EVER HAVE CHEAP PETROL?
WHATS THE ADVANTAGES OF BEING IN IT AND DISADVANTAGES?
Do you think Alex Salmond is secretly in favour of the union?
“We Will Teach You a Lesson” - a HRW report,but why still War Criminals are not taught a lesson?
What is kasthori rangan report?
mobile phones in your car!?
Pun title for child beauty pageant article?
How did we find out the channel raiting?
It seems, some fans know more about Man. U. than Fergie, what do you think of this revelation?
How can i refuse of \Yahoo dialy news\? I really don't need this service !?
Black and orange w/ circles/ CD Cover from 90's?
my brother was murdered am i allowed to attend the killers arraignment? I would like to be there.?
How do I get my article checked befor it is published?
Was David Ben-Gurion a terrorist?
Items 1-5 show up on news scroll, but all other than that are blank. Why?
who has perfect figure?tamanna,kajal agarwal or katrina kaif?
Tamil National Question in Sri Lanka?
Will you be sending aid to Italy?
Would the UK be better off without the armed forces?
Why should uk taxpayers find the bbc?
newspaper article on the change in clothes fashion among young people in Bangladesh over the past decade?
Is it a disgrace that so many people are being hospitalised for malnutrition in Britain?
Commonwealth appoints Sri Lanka as its chair,is it approving of human rights abuses?
Are there 100,000 words for 'Child Sex'?
in srilanka during final war the srilankan army killed thousands of tamil ltte men and civilians?
Was the Rhys Jones verdict fair?
Is Mother nature bringing retribution ?
World must not abandon Lanka’s victims after CHOGM-Isn't an international investigation hour of the need?
What are the steps for a new vaccine to be approved and come into market worldwide and who is responsible?
Who first referred to opposing gay marriage as being 'on the wrong side of history\?
What do the Europhiles make of this little gem?
Has anybody else been to the Royal commission on child sex abuse in Australia and found it to be corrupt?
Having frequently been called a racist on here, is it now becoming acceptable to speak the truth?
Did the Mob kill JFK?
Is there a girl in Dakar refugee camp by the name of miss Mary Bedie?
Is this another sign that we are not all in it together?
Would it be safer for me to invest my money down the local bookies rather than the Co Op bank?
Why does everybody hate the DM?
Why Rajapaksha has nominated his next of kin in plum posts after the war crime against Tamils?
Do M&S actually KNOW what they're trying to be?
Are newspapers a dying medium?
Is their a website where?
Mount Merapi Eruptions 2010?
Computers to come to aid of Tamil film lyricists - The Hindu.Is it another mile stone for Tamil Cinema?
whats proper if you where born in africa but now your american?
Why is there no news on asaram lately. Is the media silenced?
I need help finding articles for my stance/arguement?
Something current and controversial?
How long would one hit of weed stay in my system?
Sri Lanka must allow transparent probe-The New Indian Express.Will it?
People think I'm racist because I support George Zimmerman?
What happened to @TheLongrReview/@DRBUK?
What is a journalism story that could get someone killed? Trying to get ideas for my story!?
Did you guys watch the news a few days ago....?
what were some positive effects of the Anti-Terrorism Act in Canada passed on Dec 18 2001?
Anyone know of places that sell old beta tapes with prerecorded news,etc?
Is the World Ending Today or Am I Just Hearing Too Much from the Weather Channel?
what caused the war in afghanistan?
Libyans: What are your thoughts about how the west should have handled the previous conflict in your country?
when will Bring me the horizon have a US tour?
What time does Aderwood open on black Friday 2013?
Why isn't carbon taxes being used to plan and implement clean energy infrastructure?
How to be in an advert?
Can someone summarize this article for me into two paragraphs?
If Iran had a nuclear bomb do you think it would immediately drop one on Israel?
what time today did the illinois tornado hit?
Everytime you open a news article it freezes the computer?
Why do people call the civil war the \war of northern aggression\?
Why can't I get my local (Kansas City, Mo) news anymore? When I prompt local news all I get is a blank.?
What are 5 court cases that have had the most impact on national security and individual freedoms?
Why the Nasa budget should be approved ?
Why does Dish Network treat their sports fans like crap? Avoid this garbage service if your a sports fan!?
Do you think Mohamed Morsi should be punished in prison?
Have there been any times when research wasn't published because it was considered racist?
How could a journalist getting involved hurt the situation? 10 pts?
Do you get a prize, award, or employment with yahoo when you reach level 7 at 90% best answers or greater?
What was Cory Monteith's Cause Of Death?
did you know newly dead tavener was a copt... how come?
Who kept pushing the concept of \racism\ and how did they benefit?
explain 3 different events that led the American Colonists to rise and rebel against the british. identify the?
Does Obama receive so much criticism because he's black, is Oprah right?
What does the fox say?
Did Quantitative Easing Impact the economy?
Mass Media help NEEDED!!!!!!!!!!!!!?
Does creative writing for a newspaper editorial require proper grammar?
Why was the world trade center targeted?
POLL:Who actually knows this?
A few facts about Marilyn Monroe, Dorthy Dandridge, Elvis Presley and Pee-Wee Herman?
Exceptions of freedom of press?
Is this new Yahoo Answers the worst ever?
Exceptions for freedom of speech?
Quick summary I can't summarize....thx?
Why has the BBC not reported Blunkett and Straw's worries about Race Riots due to E.European immigrants?
Relavant issues/ideas to write an article on?
I need a script for a skit on cyber crimes Please help.?
What do you think of this backbencher's bill which got rejected?
what was kathy's reaction to john and tony carbo's conversation in the lake of the woods?
Is there any way I can watch Children in Need 2013?
How do I write an obituary?
What is it called when controversial issues are placed in movies to make it more accepted?
What issues/problems do veterans in America face today?
Should sanctions be put on israel for possessing nuclear weapons?
Can Scottish nationalists explain why there wouldn't be border controls between Scotland and the UK?
Mort Aux Chats homework- PLEASE HELP?
Do you agree or disagree that the NSA should send all of our telephone and electronic communications to Israel?
Do you think former Canadian Minister of Defence, Paul Hellyer, is telling the truth about aliens on Earth?
Can I see a picture of louis rotaki karaitiana?
How rude is this? I like it, hardly hideous?
Whats a public serve announcement supposed to be about?? Read the info on the bottom please?
What is the advantage of making pakistan country?
Does everybody except the media already knows that 911 was an inside job.?
Is it normal Radio-Canada has more followers than CBC on twitter?
Answer for answer? How did the cove documentary convince you?
Can someone please summarize this for me?
Please Help...Start Rishard Matthews or Roddy White?
What to write a story about?
What issues/problems do veterans in America face today?
What is the UNRWA's definition of refugee? I have a paper on Palestinian refugee.?
What does stabilizing nuclear deterrence mean?
When BT was home pg I could set it to see the news headline from selected site appropriate to me. Can I still?
Sources on apartheid?
news with pictures only get 1-5 cannot get the balance?
Need help on information about eastenders?
World Trade Center Question?
after years of privatisation, why are the torys still subsiding the railways and by how many £billions, where?
I have 10 pcs of 200 french franc bills from the year 1992, does anyone knows its current (2013) value?
In today's world of digital photography, how can we believe any photograph?
broken links on yahoo homepage?
we hear so much from tories about housewife budgeting, where do tories get the money for gov projects eg HS2?
when interest rates eventually rise, how will this affect the cost of gov projects, house repossessions and?
Will Cameron's inquiry into Unite be able to identify and prosecute union bullies?
role of media in promoting good governance articles?
Why is zionist leader Netanyahu so G-D pushy war a attack on Iran?
How will shape the future of journalism?
was the failure of boundaries the reason why bankers created this financial global crisis, should the UK?
Where are all the smart people of the world? Why aren't they actively trying to find out a way to solve...?
Would you still give to charity in the wake of the Philippine fiasco?
EU governments cleverly bend the rules to protect national interests, why is cameron selling the UK to the?
Why would some aging male academic want to lower the age of consent in Britain?
Has a degree become devalued?
why does my yahoo news feed go blank after 1-5.?
can anti EU protestors explain why cameron, EU and USA are negotiating the biggest bilateral trade deal in?
last month JP MORGAN agreed a $13bn settlement, why have these responsible bankers been fined a further $4.5bn?
italians are rallying against mafias toxic waste dumping, should UK allow toxic dumping to encourage business?
What is a human soul have you seen or feel it?
since a sunny(not considered as muslims) cannot be president of iran then why in pakistan number of president?
Does the world think Islam is the modern form of Nazism?
IE 11 and news ticker?
Should we blame Scotland for sending the rest of us snow?
Hitler was a modern Ghengis Khan where did he go wrong?
Why has the car industry all got similar shaped cars \Snails\?
What happened to the good old british meals?
Current event: should India have annexed Bangladesh's Chittagong harbour to give NE zone sea access?
how many week are in 32 days till christmas?
Why does \Dear Abbey\ articles?
Why would Israel & Saudi Arabia work together when the Saudi's are supposed to be opponents of Israels?
did anyone attempt the NTSE 2013 hyderabad A.P ?? IF YES, WHAT IS THE ANSWER KEY?
Is Afghanistan the most misunderstood country on the planet?
Should Ed Miliband get rid of the 'elephant in the room', Ed Balls (see link)?
Media Coursework Storyboard?
Ticketnet Philippines? Ticket reservation etc.?
How low do they want to go?
What are some major events involving human rights violations?
Question to all who write in a journal/diary!?
Who would win the balloon debate?
what are the factors that hindering the development of newspapers as a mass communication in Tanzania?
is it illegal to watch international internet TV stations?
Why can I only see the first 5 news pictures of articles on the top of my Yahoo home page, when I try to see t?
What is Michelle Obama's approval level on Obamacare?
Why Egyptian president Morsi is so powerless president?
as in February of 2012, today I saw again the snow to the sea. fantastic!!!?
do you know frank williams of international monetary fund? is he a director of IMF base in india?
When sjvn will declare ET 2013 result held on oct6, 2013?
Would Rob Ford's recent behaviour and admission have any effect on the sale of Ford vehicles?
Where can I find old newspapers from?
What are some current events relating to health that are interesting to you?
The spate of violence perpetuated by teenagers in recent years has generated a lot of interest and attention?
Which country do you think China hates the most and why...?
Why was John Lennon murdered?
Bloggers: Which free blogging site do you use? Why?
Helping the Phillippines?
have you seen bernardo/leonida infante aniceto and family of bolongtuhan,dulag,leyte?
How hard is it to find jobs with a B.A. in broadcast news/journalism?
How do I submit a letter to the editor to the Wall Street Journal?
Did Oprah say young black racists should die?
Do you know that China is the country which practices the largest number of death penalty?
current event related to the 7th amendment?
Cameron's wholehearted support/Rajapaksha's disheartened reply.Will skeleton in the closet be exposed?
Question about Entering Palestine?
What circumstances, if any, justify political violence (assassination, rioting, armed revolution)?
Motive behind John F. Kennedy's Assassination ?
Does anyone have any good writing topics about technology?
At least 10 reason why putting up cameras in a bad area might be good and not spying?
How does the 1 hour in stock guarantee at Walmart work and how much is it?
What is an issue facing Jews in America?
Cameron’s visit boosts morale of displaced Tamils-The Hindu.How He could achieve it while others ignored?
Do you think South Koreans want unification no matter if it's possible or not...?
Should I worry about possible attacks from North Korea as a South Korean...?
why did Demi lovoto go to rehab?
Which is worse, North Korea or Syria?
are we accomplices to this persons injuries?
Is Ed Miliband deluded when it comes to mass immigration?
PLEASE HELP THIS IS AN EMERGANCY?
why do I get shocked every time Touch omething?
should we have a honk if you hate and or dislike the BBC day?
Why do I get erections when I watch the Colbert report?
Any books/articles on the link between social class and newspaper readership?
how will i recover from a rape attack? or do people ever recover from a rape attack?
IS The SCP Foundation Real?
is the nhs so bad now it has to be subject to special criminal code to make it function properly?
Did the New York Times continue to publish the Pentagon Papers after the Supreme Court Decision in 1971?
What's the situation on the weast coast?
How can I watch the 50th anniversary of Doctor Who in US?
Help! Do you guys no a real case file of a person who died from batrachotoxin?
How did John F Kennedy get away with it all?
If somebody died on this day on 1971 how many years would it be since they died?
what does the fox says?
Why do people day ja voo?
How many murders commited in Lathrop California in the year 2012?
How does Princess Anne come to the conclusion that eating horsemeat?
Can someone help me find videos related to 21st century imperialistic events?
Would you let them view your home like this?
When will this family apologise for making the words \Labour Party\ something to be despised?
Controversial Mexican American Issues?
Are there still bodies in execution pits in Poland, Holocaust?
Would the world be a safer place if every nuclear nation publicly explained what circumstances would cause?
Anyone have a detailed theory about what happened to the McStay family?
Is it because he lives very close to a ferry terminal?
has anyone ever used Tumblr?
Why are they losing so many actors when you look at the health issues?
Why weren't there any arrests in the UK?
I'm looking for a weather report music?
Would you contribute to a wreath for this person?
Would you donate your time f.o.c. to teach him how not to be a paedophile?
news and events is so quiet compared to past months...why is this, any ideas?
Can someone quickly summarize the case \National Labor Relations Board vs. Noel Canning\ for me?
What did saddam Hussein do to be put to death?
Early Opening Hours for Black Friday?
how to apply for editorial intern?
What major events happened in the 1970's?
Why are people so judgemental of you when you tell them you write erotic fiction?
Why do hurricanes sometimes happen East Coast beyond the season and into December?
spokane tribe am doing a report by this monday 11/18/13?
Which region of present-day China did troops of the PRC seize and occupy in 1950?
Can you help me Debunk this video?
Are you glad to see the back of Squatters Rights?
is there anywhere I can watch the very best of have I got news for you online?
What's \ethical\ about raising pigs in comfort and then..............?
If you (rightly) never kill Spiders...then why?
Is this a good poem about the JFK assassination?
Does the Popular \Pandora\ Broadcast?
How do I Find old bbc tv news?
What are the department in airport ground staff level.?
Is it time to stop donating to the huge salaries of the Aid Agency Directors and try to give money to the?
looking for newspaper articles on my husbands murder on June 18,2003 in Iredell Co. NC (Canterbury/Lehmann)?
Why Morsi is so shameless president?
Why do we not see persecuted Pakistani Christians coming to the UK, why are there only Muslims coming?
making inquiries is an instrumental element in Gathering News elaborate?
Who will have to pay for the breakup of the UK in the event of a yes vote to Scottish independence?
I can't register on Miss bimbo?
What happened before and after the overthrow in Myanmar?
Why did Morsi refuse to wear white uniform in prison?
Do you buy yourself Christmas presents?
Do you feel bad for Egyptian president Mohamed Morsi?
i need an idea for a satirical cartoon!?
Will Princess Anne go to the Dartmoor pony auction with a pistol and a knife and fork?
If you found a suicase on a train with goverment secrets in it would you give it too wikileaks?
Why is Oprah crying racism?
Who thinks that it is good that Roots will be remade by History Channel?
How do I put a documentary together?
Is it legal to use news stories of other newspapers into our blog?
The new msnbc.com is an atrocity. I dislike Fox and CNN websites as well. Where should I go for news?
What's your theory about what happened to the McStay family?
why usa govt refuse to lift off the embargo on cuba when the people was suffering from super storm sandy?
Isn't China so evil in that it has been supporting North Korea for the last 60 years...?
What's a good title for an article about American Culture?
Is anybody there who likes kardashians and their news?
Roy Hodgson; There are 'good lessons' to be learned for the loss to Chile. Will players take heed...?
Why don't other kids get their wish like batkid in SF?
Does earls court have automatic ticket readers?
UK Before anybody shouts at me, I have total sympathy for these poor people, but I have to ask ...?
my local news ad other tabs will not open?
What can shoot you without causing any harm?
Well i live in kolkata and read The Telegraph........?
Did Big Brother succeed in conditioning the public consciousness into willingly giving up their privacy?
What are your favourite video documentary programs?
what about Gomez and Morticia love story?
why is pakistan afganistan worst country on earth?
Should Putin be the real pope?
Iran Nuclear Power Issues (Model UN).?
What are the procedures to be followed if a foreigner wants to shoot a documentary film in India?
Will people ever learn ......................................................?
If people desperately need Child Benefit how come they have Sky TV?
Is anybody else indifferent about the Greenpeace activists held by Russia?
Will Afghanistan ever be a safe country?
BBC and 2 Minutes silence: What, with Big Ben chiming every second?
Taking children to Muslim countries. Is it safe?
Do you think that CHINA has to many people?
What do you think about the CHINA rules?
what time and where can i watch the livestream of one direction on 1D day?
PM Cameron puts Lanka on notice over war crimes.Isn't it a 'Shot in the arm' for abandoned Tamils?
Pros and Cons of Australias involvement in Afghan war?
What is the web address to obamacare.?
Will the muslim no go areas in the UK ?
homeless shelters require id/have shower? CA?
India should boycott Commonwealth Summit completely:Tamil Nadu Assembly resolution Muttur Massacreon06?
Are there any blogs/websites that an international college student can write for?
weather report at present in Tamil nadu?
What time do banks close on saturdays in egypt?
What are the common newspaper of India?
From where do i get latest channel news?
what would you use a periodical index to find?
if people publish slander and others believe it keep u from working etc.... cant they be sued?
People Profits Planet?
can u provide me indian girl name start with chi,cha,de,do?
What do you think on the news about China?
Why is Theodore Paul Wafer being punnished for defending his life and property?
Why don't the American and Israel public support Fatah against Al Qaeda?
Tamils hail Cameron as 'god'-Guardian. Has GOD finally come to the rescue of Children of lesser God?
the bbc raises 3.1 billion a year for itself, should Britain be proud of them?
Children in Need raises over £31 milliion, should Britain feel proud if itself?
why did miley cyrus do what she did?
Is Jacob Barnett being an idiot?
When will Dems. finally admit that Obama is a failure?
Have you heard News of this wonderful happening?
Why do people watch gore online?
Why is miley cyrus doing this to herself?
but its not pakistan war is western war with the taliban pakistan got noting to do with it now they leaving a?
what are some catastrophic events made by nature?
but its not pakistan war is western war with the taliban pakistan got noting to do with it now they leaving a?
David Cameron's visit to Jaffna, Sri Lanka – in pictures.Will his historical visit Turn the Tables?
Commonwealth meeting, waste of time?
do you feel physically sick when viewing fern cotton on bbc's children in need show?
Does Peaches Geldolf or Katie Hopkins make more sense about parenting?
Are you 'still down with the kids'?
Hamas Tells Fatah to 'Prepare for War' news article dated Friday Nov 15 in Arutz Sheva?
Are there any continental European news apps that...?
How Tory are you ....?
Why does Caroline Kennedy have that many wrinkles for her age?
Regarding the destruction of Syria's chemical stockpile?
Why are they paying heating allowance to pensioners living in Spain?
how did you react on 9/11?
Who are those news bearers in the war?
How into Christmas do you get ( as for as decorations are concerned)?
What will David Cameron do in Sri Lanka ?
Will England be stronger without Scotland ?
Does anybody know of any organizations that accept clothing and non-perishable food items for typhoon relief?
is there a person called lizzy williams in a refugee camp on dakar Senegal?
Real-life tragedies similar to Final Destination?
Are solicitors ripping off the Mobility Car scheme?
how does the bbc know where you live, when it says now the news where you are?
Is anyone else going to Jake Millers concert in Houston Tx?
What do people think of the Wales plane crash?
Has anyone finished their Christmas shopping yet?
Home of the brave land of the free, why American still suffering at the hand of a corruptgovernment?
Why does everyone seem turn into a hypocrite on the topic of warship building?
Was Irfaq Naz naive to think he could take on a (Ninja) warrior like David Cameron?
Is an illegal mosque in the UK analogous to illegal house churches in China?
is Olivia Pope from Scandal real?
Prior to the invention of the rubber plunger and plastic bags, how were babies born?
Britain's future will it be Communism or Fascism?
can you name 5 occupations related to journalism,?
How come Asian girl/White guy couples are popular in USA media but not the other way around?
Scotland wont see England stuck for Jobs they can have all our Tridents?
How can I find an article on child abuse, appeared on yahoo main page?
Is there a picture alleging to show Lee Harvey Oswald outside the book depository at the time JFK was shot?
What has happened to British Royal Family they dont set an example anymore?
46% of under 30s have said they will not vote, is this worrying?
words linked to anti war and pro war?
Should we eat horses in order to improve their welfare?
WE HAVE A SENIOR ELECTRONIC JOURNALIST IN OUR FRIEND CIRCLE.HE WAS ASSOCIATED WITH PTI.TV FOR 10 YRS AND 13 YR?
can any one give the email ids of TIMES NOW.NDTV ANN.?
Do you expect to know the truth about how JFK died, by the end of this month?
can you give telugu news channels email ids?
Was anyone else blown away by the CNN interview with Grace Stroud from the Southwest flight?
looking for scholarly articles on hate propaganda against Canadian-Jews for research paper?
David Cameron came,saw and conquered.Isn't David Cameron in every Tamil's heart?
how do I get audio back as I cannot listen to any videos or news and weather I have tried the volume etc?
What to do on children in need day?
How big do israel plan to expand their borders?
ptv news biss key plz?
Are the government failing to protect our way of life in the UK?
What's the REAL reason Cameron is interfering with Sri Lanka?
How to Intern for Lisa Ling?
The Express once reported, a 10 year old was arrested for stealing food to feed his baby sisters in Manchester?
Isn't PM Cameron's Jaffna trip a light at the end of the tunnel where Tamils groping in the dark?
Is it fair to mention that this defendant was a Jimmy Savile associate before his trial?
Did Snowden plan his espionage in advance?
how do i know if what is written on the web is truth and what isnt?
From the show Scandal is Olivia Pope real?
Hasn't PM Cameron WON the hearts of Tamils across the Globe by visiting Jaffna on a fact finding mission?
why haven’t we ban water it what people drown in?
my article on racism.?
EU says Spain has broke no law in its border dispute with Spain?
How to view \Kalavani\ program in DD Sapthagiri TV channel of 12th November, 2013 ?
local television channels in london?
what does the sound of the gangs as represent the story?
Should \partners\ (neither working) who have children have as many as they want?
Should convicted murderer Jeremy Bamber ever be let out of Prison?
JFK: What's with this new theory that a secret service man accidentally .......?
Was Walter Cronkite the last true journalist?
UK events/conferences?
Who are the terrorists?
has super powers increase terrorist attacks?
Will this summit be seen by many as a test of the Commonwealth's real commitment to values?
What is the first ktla disney code word for today 11/14/13?
Do you think that the Sri Lankan?
Does amazon have a black friday sale on skateboards? Thank you?
How would you support Obama Care in a debate against the republicans?
CHOGM begins today,SL human rights violations to top the talks.Will India put its shoulder to the wheel?
How much do producers at ABC, CBS or FOX make ?
I'm watching Easy A, and I think I see where it started for Amanda Bynes?
ACAct Obamacare Do you think its right or wrong, good or evil?
How Much Are Justin Timberlake Tickets The 20/20 Experience World Tour?
Why did Jack Ruby say the world will never know the truth of JFK assassination?
Where is the bullet that hit JFK's head, if it was the same as the magic pristine bullet?
Original Commercial ideas?
can any body tell me about the authenticity of the following websites 1) HSI e ale rt by dr. Jenny thompson?
Anderson Cooper's reaction on Korina Sanchez statement about him?
Bangladeshi politics is going black line. whai?
Can I watch Fusion online? The ABC & Univision Network, Can it be streamed online?
rolling news bar stops after the 1st set of news?
Hey can someone please explain the difference between a Television Station, Network and Channel?Thnx.?
What is this article saying?
If Lee Harvey Oswald fired all the 3 bullets why did street level folks smell gunpowder?
Is \obamacare fix\ a distraction from a sluggish economy?
Current Event/News On England?
How could Lee Harvey Oswald shot more accurately as the limo got further away?
How do I get news out to a broad spectrum of people?
Are Sen Richard Durbin and Rep Dick Durbin from Illinois related or the same person?
What is yahoo email of times of india nie?
Does anyone know an Expert I can interview for a research paper on Marilyn Monroe?
Does anyone know where I can find statistics for parade related deaths?
About the Columbine shooting?
Why did George Bush send the troops to Iraq?
Is Edward Snowden happy for what he did?
Books About the War in Afghanistan (or 9/11) Told From the Viewpoint of Innocent Afghanistan Citizens/Muslims?
are there any specific rules to write a title for a memoir?
Anyone else think Stephen Colbert is awesome??
I'm looking for a better information outlet?
What does the fox say?
JFK Assassination: What do you remember?
What is a good title for my science newspaper?
What are some examples of how the news influences people to view freedom the wrong way?
why is there such a shortage of 22 bullets in all the states and know one will give you a honest answer??
What does \media artifact\ mean?
I would like to see some example of researsh paper?
what is the statistics of shootings rate in dorchester in 2013?
Is Yasir Qadhi a jihadist masquerading as a \moderate Muslim\?
What is a good letter I can write to an editor about body image.?
So which is it, do the government like to promote the institution of marriage or not?
Approximately, HOW much $$$ will it cost to fix the damage from Typhoon Haiyan in TACLOBAN, Philippines?
why is the media and the left trying to make everything racially motivated?
Help to buy & Wonga: is anyone looking at the final figure?
What is being done on behalf of woman's rights in Afghanistan? (Read additional details)?
How would an armed TSA benefit from carrying a gun?
Why does a town mass bully a victim who has been on television?
are there such things as obama cell phones?
Why would they do that?
Who is the richest human being on earth?
Does the American government give money back for people who lose their houses during a hurricane?
I need direct quotes from TKAM on how jem is interacting with people?
I'm trying to find a Canadian radio and TV ad about undercover officers on online chatrooms.?
Why hasn't the earth been warming for the last 16 years?
Is it ironic that Pakistanis in Sheffield are complaining about Roma immigrants.?
Should I go to this party?
The Tories are deleting their speeches from the last 10 years from the internet. Why?
NASA has forecast the appearance of BLOOD MOONS around September next year, what will happen?
Will there be national outrage over these hate crimes?
What are some good shows to watch about poverty?
how does Tim Dowling's article: technology – it's talking to me create humour with the use of language?
Did you vote in selecting the 'Nation's favourite' Elvis's song?
What is your favourite tipple? A glass of wine, bottle of beer or a glass of nicely chilled?
Do you always check the content of a box before giving it as a gift?
'Bananas' artist looking for ways to preserve his 'art'....do you think he has ever heard of?
How brainwashed would you have to be to flay skin off your back and head to?
What is an Annotated Bibliography?
Is this all there is at the end of a lifetimes work?
What do you think of the Republican proposal to make health care more affordable?
how to find a news investigation team to help me exspose the v. a. hospital for bad treatment of a vet.?
Would she make more money if she charged her partners?
Can you use £5 coins in shops?
Is there something wrong with the males and females participating in these 'hunts'?
One Direction Cd/Book signing tickets?
Would being groped by a pervert GP mentally damage you?
Are these the people Obama and Cameron were eager to assist?
Why the Bronco could not be used as evidence in Simpson's Case?????
Black Friday WalMart's wristbands?
Do you work at a bookmakers/bettingshop?
Why is the American media so obsessed w/ the mayor of Toronto's private life?
I got a detention and its 2 hours whats can I do in it?
how art and social media impact community organizing, policy and media advocacy?
Would you broadcast yourself to the world if you found out you had an abnormality akin to this girl?
How dare a school teacher vandalise a child's property, should this teacher be charged?
why can't I still use the rolling headlines?
Why do 27 percent of Scots aged 16-24 have no qualifications?
where could I find where they're giving out ThanksGiving Basket's in my local area 92376?
Why do companies announce redundancies just before Christmas?
How can I or how can we resolve this hunger strike?
Canadian police have busted a major paedophile ring, saving 380 children?
What a Hoot! Historically Black Colleges losing Student Health Plans under Obamacare?
Some Filipinos still have not received aid, and the mayor says he needs more help?
Are you careful to be law abiding? Laws to be aware of when visiting the USA.?
why can I only view the first five current events?
Is this really the most important issue for Obamacare?
Are you worried that fizzy drinks could damage your organ?
what are some good article ideas for my journalism class?
How deep is the bond between siblings?
A very unPC contest....how low can 'entertainment' go?
why did cameron tout for business in Sri Lanka and china countries infamous for poor human rights, is there?
What kind of mentality allows a five week old girl to be 'cut'?
Is USA really the richest country in the world?
Which is the most latest and advanced technology in today's world?
A copy writer is the same as a journalist?
Are we right to take the winter fuel allowance away from ex pats in warm countries?
Yahoo news feeds do not work.?
Do you think that Britain will see a Labour government in your lifetime?
Do you believe that David Cameron can renegotiate our membership of the EU?
Who is rightful King of Scotland today instead of the Hanovarian Queen Elizabeth 1 of Scotland?
Why is it different for Scotland and England Finding Treasure?
Which scottish bagpipe maker, make's bagpipes for pipebands in Middle East?
What methods of terror the Taliban use?
Health Care Site , when will it be secure?
Social work in Britain is a disgrace,Full of excuse's and passing the buck?
Have you ever known anyone with 'Othello syndrome\?
Is David Blunkett feeding Romaphobia or is he right to be worried?
Do you think these 'neighbours from hell' will change their ways?
Does anyone know any VALID sources where i can find out about How Neilsen TV ratings work?
Prime Minister Tony Abbott faces rights issue at CHOGM.Will it be one more straw on a Camel's back?
If the EU achieved their dream of a single European army, would that be the end of Britain?
Two items of interest?
Do you think child benefit should be capped?
Upton Sinclair EPIC Plan?
What Muslim countries are aiding the Philippines?
Would it not be funny if Western aid ships on way to Phillipines were hijacked by Somali pirates?
What's a good documentary about the bombing of Hiroshima and Nagasaki?
prince charles as a pensioner?
could someone explain obamacare in a non-biased way?
Have there been any recent debates of the efficacy of press regulation in USA?
Need help with a catchy title for a poster on environment cleanliness..?
the BT story adverts?
Is North Korea bad or good country ?
what channels are regulated by the FCC?
Does Oliver Sykes have a P.O box?
I want to write an article about teens are their behaviour, could help me out by answering few question?
Are US, UK and other Western countries not.good enough for the UN; its Socialist leaders have criticised them?
Why was the Saar a threat to peace?
Should incapable parents have the children put into care then sterilised ?
How and why would an Mi6 agent zip themselves up in a bag?
why do you think the DFS rockstar advert was banned?
please share your total points and districts where you applied for bihar rdd gramin awas paryavekshak post?
Hamzah Khan Review: How MANY more \Lessons must be learned\ do we need?
Will the US and Iran go to war?
What is Asuu latest news concerning the strike?
CHOGM leaders must press Lanka on human rights: HRW.Will they cut through government's smoke and mirrors?
If I'm majoring in journalism do I have a chance to work in public relations?
I need to find out Scott Davison's Birthday.?
can you summarize this?
Obamacare Agenda setting?
Why have gasoline prices tripled since Iraq war?
Best English news channel in india?
Why is pork barrel legislation the \best\ legislation?
A summary o the documentary Bully?
I need to know what is quickest way to evict a roommate to poses a threat to my health and my life.?
What happened to Harry O'Brien's inner demons? Did they just go away?
How many times does a person need to report someone for their account to be deleted on instagram?
Fear&fury in Sri Lanka as leaders fly in for Commonwealth. So sow the wind shall reap the whirlwind?
What do you think of the case of Ryan Ferguson?
How should I write a editorial review of a concert I went to (Noah and The Whale)?
A name for a newspaper? PLEASE!!?
karen cagle prescott?
Will Obamacare reach the minimum required sign ups of 3 million by March 2014?
Murder article????? Help?
Does anyone else think this is horrible?
Problems Community Health Centres in Canada have faced? and the future for them?
Is it dangerous to go shopping on Black Friday?
Old question I know but twin towers conspiracy?
PLEASE HELP Its about Rajat Gupta who is convicted of fruad.?
Creative Opinion Article Title?
10 bad things going on in Iraq?
what is Obama care how to enroll in new health care?
In the Walking Dead tv series, whos baby is lori pregnant with?
why did people elect warren g harding instead of james cox?
why did people elect warren g harding instead of james cox?
I'm thinking about being a journalism major and English minor?
people why did people elect warren harding instead of james cox?
Current employer and post that you occupy?
Why ban 'killer robots' but not ban drones?
Good morning America one direction?
Is there a link or anyway I can access the OLD Yahoo start page.?
Trying to understand what Glenn Beck is?.?
Where can i learn to fly a spaceship? PLZ HELP?
Science vs Philosophy?
Easy community service for school?
Which events happened in Russia in the past 10 years and had a wide media coverage in the UK?
are BBC news presenters journalists?
Are the Black Friday deals/ads available in Canada?
How short can a documentary be?
Why are all your stories London based, North of watford Gap does not seem to exist.?
Where Can I Watch Rob Ford Council Meeting?
Could someone please help me?
Why are Assad's tanks still running wild all over Syria?
Have you ever reported someone as missing to the Police?
US: Since when does \bilingual\ mean \must speak Spanish\?
Obamacare fraud already?
Why does the US list Pakistan as a failed state and not Mexico?
Why do women conveniently ignore this little gem....?
Spy in a bag how did it happen ?
Why can't some men take no for an answer?
what is it like to work at Starbucks coffee?
The Sarah Payne murder case (UK)?
What requirements must I have to be an ESPN anchor?
did nelson mandela die?
How much would you bet on your favourite football team?
Which aid programs operating in the Philipines are distributing food without discriminating based on sex?
If you were alive when President Kennedy was killed would you please share your memories.?
Wow! How brutal are Russian police if nailing your testicles to the ground?
How many of these 'celebrities' do you recognise?
Why is advertising important?
What message did the 2011 John Lewis Christmas advert give to it's audience?
Where do the find the brides for 'Don't tell the bride'?
Are there any specific events that took part in Black Rights?
Founders opposed forming a central gvt......?
Why did President Bush have to raise taxes in the 1990s?
Information on Private Robert G Wardrop?
Do these images make you hanker for the balmy days of summer?
Has Christmas come early this year ?
Is your heart gladdened to know that the BBC uses licence fees to pay for?
Where can i find a FREE obituary from someone who died in 1998?
Have you ever posed for a portrait with your pet?
So why exactly did Brazil get awarded the World Cup and the Olympics ....drug gangs threaten violence and the?
Best news site in India?
ideas for opposing, 'beauty is better than brains'.?
Does Fox News channel do other news other than Obamacare thing?
Why there are so many priests scandals found on net?
Have you ever claimed credit for something that was nothing to do with you?
Should presenters be obliged to wear a Red Poppy, perhaps they are pacifists and would rather wear white?
Is his attitude part of the problem in India?
Does anyone have real and clear footage of Boston bomber Tsarnaev?
Has he been sentenced yet?
Was the quality of life better in the 1950's?
In Skyrim, how can I finish the \Diplomatic Immunity\ quest?!?
why are most of my peers not informed or careless about our current economic situation?
Top 3 worst natural disaster regions.....?
Is it peaceful in London or are the natives restless ?
What do you think about readers asking to see drafts of articles?
Who will die from the Simpsons?!?
Why won't some countries stop whaling?
MI6 spy Gareth Williams' body found in a padlocked sports bag, but why do police say it was an accident?
Like to find out who Britney Najmi is?
Fake Doctor Who 50th anniversary tickets?
Will the U.S go to war with North Korea?
I keep hearing a tough economy, yet the recovery has started. When will things get as good as it was in?
Your opinions of the millennium development goals?
What should be done with this violent 'mother'...is her child at risk?
Approximately what percentage of the British public is socialist?
What kind of man murders children as an act of revenge ?
So scientists killed World's oldest creature to prove how old it is (was)...what kind of scientists?
Supermarket staff to wear badges to show they are 'immigrant friendly'. Has the world gone mad?
So going on I'm a Celebrity is therapy .....nowt to do with the media attention and payment then?
how can we found or discovered that we had become victim of voyeriusm or mms scandals due to hidden cameras?
So is looking at street thugs enough to warrant a beating these days?
Are all labours old speeches still accessible no line or have they been sanitised?
Is he having a laugh? Milliband's wide open eyes are turning people off voting his party?
Why are the Tories trying to hide previous speeches that they made before being in government?
Is north sudan gonna collapse or enter a civil war. is the country safe is all i am asking?
Help with newspaper interview questions?
The Tories are deleting their speeches from the internet from the last 10 years?
Old Documentary/TV Program?
Vyatcheslav Krasheninnikov predicted that scientists will come up with a device that will allow one to see dem?
Where do people get pictures for their blogs?
If Pakistan wasn't separated from India,Would it have been a better place today?
What is causing FOX sports not respnding to my query?
Why has this disaster been allowed to happen?
Why do we need tragic heros?
how do news reporters cope in disasters like the phillipines?
Think of a good radio station to think of?
Why is Straw saying they messed up?
Which channel show maximum football in india?
A question about the Philippines?
Act of war or war crime?
Women starving their children in UK Why is it happening?
What do u think about the dyatlov pass incident?
Can we start a private high school newspaper?
Do you guys think a rational nuclear deal with Iran will be successful before the Nov 20 deadline?
why haven we ban guns yet there the sole responsibilty for all shootings and nothing else?
Killer drones the size of wasp's ?
Would it be an invasion of Britain if thousands of people arrive on our shores in 2014?
Would Have Britain Coped Better?
Local Pakistanis are patrolling, 'educating Roma population on English ways', Any thoughts?
Should we ban the use of autonomous robots programmed to kill?
What will you do for World Kindness Day?
Has the Americans Imperial expansions got out of hand ?
The ugly face of so called British democracy?
why is daming the amazon bad?
What worldwide colony is spied on the most ?
How can I help the victims of Typhoon Haiyan?
Tacloban and Damascus - are these the cities of the future?
Do you guys think the U.S is doing a good job dealing with Syria?
What happened 9.11.2001?
Is there sincerity behind the apology from Obama? Is he owning the mistake?
Should Israel give up its nuclear weapons to calm Iran down?
Homelessness interview?
do you think Kurt Cobain cause the growth of liberalism?
Fukishima Water Radioactive ?
Was Aaron Hernández released with bail?
Have you noticed Al Gore's name sounds like Algorithm?
How do you place an announcement in the paper?
Was Aaron Hernandez convicted of murder?
Are the ObamaCare advertisements glamorizing one night stands and binge drinking a reflection of the mentality?
The FDA might ban partially hydrogenated oil!!! :D?
abstract example on ted bundy?
How can I resurrect Hitler and Bin-laden and reinstate them?
what are the rules and laws that govern the media industries. who do these laws favor?
where can i find the rajiv Gandhi assassination video assuming it can even be found online or is it?
Tech Mortal Website Provide Latest Global News, Latest Gadgets News, Latest Technology News, Latest Science Ne?
blackout tomorrow? Thoughts?
How often are TSA Agents attacked at airports?
what kind of affects put on revenue generations by ban of smoking?
Are you tired of hearing the Word Clinton, Isn't there someone else the media can write about?
1D Day livestream time zone?
Freedom of Religion news?
what is the reaction of everyone about typhoon yolanda?
Can I send a evite through text?
why does the weather channel halve realty programs enstead of weather?
Guys how come gas prices keep going down?
Why do people think i have something against adverts?
What was it like living back when gas was $1 per gallon?
Why isn’t information in research databases on the internet?
Help with debate please!?
How will GridEx II go tomorrow and Thursday?
was the us justified in sending troops to somalia in 1992-1993?
what's a good name for my blog?
Who should win rear of the year this year?
what is the name of the narrorator in stolen day?
Sun Youth Forum HELP!!?
Where were you when...?
Judith Miller info??
What is the best US newspaper?
Do you think the Constitution of the United States fixed the problems of the Articles of Confederation?
obituaries in the bryan times newspaper in SEPTEMBER 2013?
Planet of the Blind by Stephen Kuusisto missing information?
From where do i legallt source my news if i want to make a news show online for people to watch?
What two interest groups agree with the american medical association???
Straw and Blunkett - who'll win the race?
Could John Major get reelected, he was a good working-class non-etonian?
When the british burned down the whitehouse?
who is this, the history, and value, ty http://s266.photobucket.com/user/tasb202/media/DSCF5004.jpg.html?
Celebrties and Global Issues?
I want to know if the poems I am writing are good. You can find them here: http://www.fictionpress.com/~vindic?
what is the main idea of \From Feeding Frenzy\ by Larry Sabato?
Television trivia about fashion, Nov. 2013?
What are people opinions about the death industry in Ontario?
New Year's Eve Ball Bay Area?
is Nestle ceo founder peter brabeck a republican?
Medias Affect on A Society?
Where do bed bugs / bedbugs in Canada come from & why are they not considered a health threat ? 2013 Nov.?
Where are the News Readers getting their food and water from in The Philippines ?
What is the font of the main title of Stanford Magazine?
please what channel number is bbc I'm in central Florida and we have Brighthouse cable?
Electric Grid X Power Shutdown? Nov. 13-14. Will you prepare tomorrow for it?
Why does the media say ahmedinijad said he wants to wipe isreal off the map?
Can you answer these questions on the articles of confederation?
how to report profanity?
HI anne did you found more info about your post from Miami Finest Models?
what is the 'coming betrayal of Israel' all about?
Question about freelance jobs?
Have you had a gutfull of Miley Cyrus?
How to find an obituary?
Current bias news stories (preferably controversial)?
Should Trafficking in Hard Drugs attract the Death Penalty because of its Destructive Tendencies?
who pays the fines when the guest use foul language the network r Bill Cuningham?
Why is no-one doing anything about North Koreas's prison camps?
Going on Alternative Media, not Mainstream Media and even Local Media in the U.S. of A.?
What are some controversies that took place in any of the following years 1994, 1957 or 1938?
podcast ideas less than 1 minute?
Would the USA support an Israeli attack on iran at this time?
If the Uk has donated 10 million of tax payers money to the Phillipines why are we being asked to donate more?
Why are natural disasters given a girls name? Eg. Hurricane Katrina?
Address for George and cyndi Anthony Casey Anthony?
Can \a regular person\ be in the live audience at the Primetime Emmy Awards?
What will happen to free speech and human rights in an independent Scotland given the behaviour of the SNP?
Ongoing health issues.. need help!?
Is France a good lesson in why high-taxes or \robbing Peter to pay Peter\ doesn't work?
Should certain questions and articles come with a health warning?
Is the USA a empire pretending it is not ?
Has anyone got a link for some interesting articles on Violence in media?
Is there anyone on here who has had their question restored more than once after appeal...?
was there a bomb at grand army plaza?
Can anyone in the U.S. access the Iranian nuclear energy site?
can you speak a little bit about the impact of tv on people?
Do you care about children dying in other countries from starvation and neglect? I don't?
Where can I hire people to act as Star Wars characters at an event I am running?
How do I delete the weather and news channels from my menu page?
What happened to megashare.info?
where can i find the ranking of all the counrtries of miss universe 2013?
Isn't it hypocritical when we condemn the Nazi's for looting when the British museum is full of?
mms scandals made for what purpose and how found out we are become victim of mms or not.?
What type of journalists would this be?/ What field of journalism would this be?
Would The Crocodile Have Been Able To Eat The Elephant?
Do the insurgents actually stand a chance?
If a political party began in the UK aiming to totally remove traditional government would you join?
Is ask.fm going to reveal the senders names of all anon questions?
Mennasiah Jordan a phophets that ministers on TV?
Has anyone ever signed up to one of those \too good to be true\ business deals?
Are hezbollah currently the most organized and sophisticated guerrilla organization in the world?
so are midwives and dr's?
Is it corect to seperate telangana from Andhra Pradesh?why?
That's it then, just wait till she gets home, do you think it will work in your house?
what should I put on my resume if the only work experience i have is with AJC(Atlanta journalist constitution)?
Why did deadmau5 quit twitter?
terrorism barriers around monument?
What do you think of the government's Help to Buy scheme?
Anybody been to Poland in December?
Is the November 13-14 power grid shut down real?
What can we do to help the poor people caught in the Philippines disaster?
I wonder how they intend to police that?
news item on 17 killed in train accident mumbai?
Burka clad terrorist ecapee from mosque ?
So now that the truth is out what can be done?
Why aren't the BBC doing something for the elderly? Is it because the children are a soft target?
If i swap energy provider owing them £200 do they debit my bank account or transfer it to the new provider?
What does \owning\ something mean?
I wonder what former EDL member Tommy Robinson (and most on here) think of this incident?
any ideas what I can write a short story on?
Newspapers publish from Delhi have maximum classified ads in it other than TOI and HT newspapers?
Ahoy, will you be joining Captain Cameron's Buccaneers?
why there isn't Iran in Yahoo Countries list?
How Do I Find Out Where The News Truck Will Be?
Are we going to get by November 13th and 14th as regular days like any other days?
I cant mingle with people?
If someone has yet to sign up for Obamacare, is that person a racist?
What is wrong with America today and what needs to happen?
how many articles were published a minute (an hour) during President Obama's first election?
Why does north korea hate the united states so much?
what are some good current issues that deal with federalism?
why are the BBC making a film about Lizzie Siddal?
Well i read TheTelegraph regularly....here i sometimes see a column.....?
People in the Philipines had nowhere to shelter from the typhoon?
why was 1880-1900 the second most creative time period slot in English literature?
'Chilling' video clip fires up British PM-The New Indian Express.Why has it not influenced our leaders?
I need 15 events that led up to the internment of the Japanese. Please Help!?
the apocalyse of 2014?
Pentagon contractors linked to terrorist networks?
Where can people get basic needs met following a natural disaster?
Philippines: Isn't it almost soul invigorating to see how Christians deal with national catastpohy?
Is there a story within JBs new songs?
Any idea of a current event that affects the American Dream?
Do firemen get paid to be in parades like the veterans parades held today?
wouldn't it be better if Britain stopped all welfare payments and free medical treatment as from tomorrow?
How many people died in the earthquakes in Aceh?
where did Haiyan hit?
What current event has been shaped by mass media?
is a newspaper editorial written in a formal essay form?
Who closes the bus door when the driver gets off?
What do you think of people spinning the typhoon?
Why do people say \like\ so much?
How do networks like NBC and CBS edit stories mobile?
Examples of stereotyping in the media?
Want to live to be 100 and still enjoy life?
How to use social media and bloggers to expose a college training scam where a college duped students to?
Are Ryanair 'spreading their wings' and teaching customer service?
Was Liverpool University right to invite this Islamic preacher to speak?
College is a conspiracy?
Are football player beholden to their fans?
Does any crime organisation rob Roma gypsies....the billionaire robbers seen as victims in trendy Western Euro?
Most read newspaper in Paris?
A good epitaph for an obituary?
Charlene Downes, 14, why is her killers still free and why does the controlled news media ignore her murder?
What to ask for Christmas?
If you have military bases in 120 out of the 190 or so countries in the world does that make you an Empire?
Journalists, is this a good AP journal article?
Why France had been so firm since ever in the avoidance of nuclear Iran?
is India about to be seriously embarrassed over it's Mars shot that doesn't seem to be able to leave?
Is a super typhoon a new phenomenon or what?
when talking of \media watchdogs\ - are they usually controlled by the government?
Should they sue him for more than $15 000 for posting their address as George Zimmerman's?
Do the masons in modern Britain ?
Charities???Phillipines??
Which of the current batch of Christmas adverts is most engaging?
Why does it matter if a drone strikes a target? Isn't the same effect as a human pilot doing a strike?
Philippines : Will they start to kill each other in a few more days?
Can someone direct me to some yesterday's or today's Airplane/Satellite photographs of Tacloban City ?
What kind of person does this to their own pet?
I know there is a shortage of midwives but are these really worth employing?
Does anyone know where the saying \I'll tell big Aggies man on you\ originate?
summary on boston bombings?
Will the Football bigwigs who chose to award these tournaments to lawless places be surprised?
when i delete a comment on news article, I come back an hour later and it is still there even when it said it?
Which agencies are best positioned to deliver disaster relief in the Phillipines ?
HELP!!!!! Why is this controversial???
Can you buy condoms at a self-checkout in the UK?
Utah executed a man in 2010 using the firing squad as the method .....?
Nov 11 is Veteran's Day?
What the fox actually says?
What is currently Martha Steward's new ventures this year?
does anyone in UK wish that we had been taken over by Germany in WW2?
Help me write an obituary please?
Why the outrage at the police chastising a 12 year old?
why was that 90 year old world war veteran left to rot in a nursing home?
Has YA! gone crazy ...?
Why did the media portray George Zimmerman as \white\ when he is biracial?
Do all MPs have internet access if they do why do they crave a home in London ?
Is he right in what he says? Celebrities making 'careers out of mental illness'?
Any journalists out there?
Does anyone know any article sites about the kasbah club history in coventry its for an assignment ?
Has the Deutsche firms Lidl und Aldi got the Daily Mail in its pocket now?
is the November 13th blackout real?
How to become a film critic?
Would removing MPs expenses turn politics into a hobby for the landed gentry?
What is the most overrated person or thing?
Does MP Nadhim Zahawi prove that being in government is the biggest scam going?
Why is Russia continuing on producing nuclear weapons and not actually reducing them?
bedbugs are popping up everywhere in the news?
Did the media or others prevent Jullian Assange.....?
Shouldn't there be a president of the world?
Revenge on the thieves at college?
Journalism Opinon Piece Topics?
Are the masons still prominent in the UK ?
Which day do we remember all of the innocent people who have been killed in wars?
Can someone explain this to me?
Not very good at articulating my thoughts?
What to put in a letter to the BBC?
Am I The Only Person?
Poppy day question Why was Earl Haig involved ?
When did the BBC STOP using RP (recieved pronunciation)?
How many World War II veterens died in 2013?
Do they mail things on Veterans Day?
Help on my article please?:)?
Regarding AP Stylebook and Libel Manual , which sentence is correct?
Do people mock the war dead?
Is their anyway I can get e-tickets printed out professionally?
What are your thoughts on the Indian Mars mission being 1,000 times cheaper than HS2?
Another Tory in hot water, what do you think about Nadine Dorries being forced to apologise to Parliament?
Why are the Human Race pitiful creatures who are the only?
Since \Palestine\ is a fictitious country, isn't The West Bank just unincorporated territory...?
What is he complaining about? 400 illegals in his town....why not deport them back to where they?
Is he a chip off the old Blair block?
Would most daily mail readers be happy if ?
Is there anything this attention seeker has yet to do in stage?
Is she another example of the scrapings of the barrel used to find 'carers'?
What happened in Occupy Wall Street?
Did they not teach John Major how to calculate percentages when he was at school (see link)?
When Jerusalem becomes the capital of Palestine when it gets statehood, what will Israels capital be?
need help with topics?
In 1960s people managed because they had to,?
The Nation is schock upon the discovery of PDAF scam whether or not their is a need for a senate inquiry or di?
what are your view on fcc and media censorship, do we really need it?
‘Assam(State in India) Rape Festival’ article by US website sparks row.....what is this mean?
What do people think of the Cadbury's eyebrow TV advert and who do you think their target audience was?
speach about pakistan is a peaceful country?
Which bagpipe maker makes bagpipes for pipebands in Oman?
Why india still caling as developing country?when we can see india as a developed country?
what are the small unnoticable similarities between Blanche and Amanda from Tennesse Williams' plays?
So, did nobody foresee the typhoon before it hit the Philippines?
Are man made microwave pulses inducing earthquakes and massive typhoons?
Locate an article in today’s Sydney Morning Herald. Provide the correct citation for this article.?
North Korea 'Publicly Executes 80 People for Watching South Korean TV Shows?
Is prison tough enough for criminals?
my wife is a werewolf - should i call the police?
Are Commonwealth leaders aware of the BBC News and \IF\,will they raise this issue like British PM?
News channel in the netherlands?
Why no mention of Saudi Arabia's human right's record in the western media ?
Yahoo news has turned into Miley/Gaga-worship land, what are good UK alternatives?
Is the term net migration just a confidence trick?
Is Honest John Major a bit dim? Why would he be surprised that the country's now run by upper class toffs?
why do vets charge thousands?
Why did China ban Back to the Future?
where can I buy holi powder in Cape Town?
Is Lance Armstrong an arrogant wind bag?
was imperialism in Asia and Africa justified?
You can ask questions in News Nation Show \Question Hour\?
Anyone surprised it hasn't worked in favour of the people?
Did you shed a tear when you saw her run?
Why are they leaving the goat behind?
What were the Sun+ codes printed in The Sun on Monday 4th and Tuesday 5th November please?
Malawi Chief Justice Name?
Help with a feature article?
Do IAS officers get red beacon light?
Indians will be hit if Nigerians are targeted: Diplomat?
What happened to mass post editor on tumblr?
is there seriously going to be a blackout in America on november 13, 2013?
Kendrick Lamar at the Honda Center for Yeezus Concert??
Population Control? Your Thoughts?
Remembrance day poppy help?
News at 6pm November 10, 2013?
Current issues in Germany?
where has the comments section gone on yahoo.com news stories?
how is camella subd palo, leyte after the typhoon yolanda. Since power & communications are still down.?
How much of a warning did the Philippines have for preparation of typhoon Haiyan?
OMG i have just had my first win on the health lottery?
should we regulate or ban free speech on college campus?
can i be a tv journalist?
I'm in a trial for mainstream I'm from support?
Can I write about doing illegal things in an autobiography.?
pursue broadcast journalism?
where can i find political news summaries?
What are 5-10 different ways people use social media?
how is it like to be a news reporter?
How can one overcome these issues?
What's a good social media topic to write about?
Don't the Kardashians pay journalists/media to be written and talked about?
Current example of U.S. imperialism?
One direction fans, where will the 1D day livestream be?on livestream.com?on a certain channel?
Did anyone else preorder a PS4 through Target and have a December estimated delivery date?
PEOPLE WHO LIVE IN YDNEY AUS! Do you think it will rain later today as well? like in the night?
Are suicide rates really up or is it just a ploy to make money or distract ourselves?
Why isn't Nagorno Karabakh recognized?
are television programs part of the media?
What does the Fox say!!!?
Question regarding piracy?
summary of this week on christie vs rick prerry in 2016?
Are the Al Qaeda Terrorists totally clueless?...?
Motive for false flag attacks?
how can be a part of a conference to stop terrorism?
What's the best music video that tells a story of 2013?
Marsoc lifestyle or navy seal lifestyle?
Is it true that Obama lied about the Affordable Care Act?
Why is Afganistan so hard to conquer?
Solutions to drone strikes?
Is Canadian Health Care As Radical As Obamacare?
What is meant by post documentary?
Some believe Osama Bin Laden is still alive?
Barely Surviving Haiyun / Yolanda in Tacloban: where to go NOW?
Old Documentary/TV Program?
Name of photo app Miley Cyrus used?
Advert about a girls dream to be a photographer?
How to expose a college scam where the college gets students to enroll for a course with a false promise of?
What's a good title for a yearbook story about marching band?
What was the African American response to the assassination of John F. Kennedy?
What's your favourite place to obtain news?
Did someone block me on snapchat?
Major Events of lady gaga in 2001?
My kids want to know what does the fox say?
why would people scratch their nails to the bone when they are trap in a coffin and did all of them do this?
Why doesn't every nation possess nuclear weapons?
Where is the RTE news station?
Can you please name some colleges having bachelors in mass media courses in pune?
Was Earl Haig a very nice general and kind to his troops ?
Why were Prescott Bush's business dealings with Nazi Germany hushed up?
Is everyone safe from GridEx II (Which happens this week)?
Why did FDR suppress Holocaust news?
did bp oil properly clean up the oil? Or did they cover it up with sand ?
why did martin luther king go out for skittles and iced tea on a rainy night?
Who here doesn't know where their kids have been on their puters/tablets?
how was steve jobs fired by John Sculley although he was the chairman of apple?
Did anyone get the first code word today for the KTLA contest?
Che cos'è questo oggetto? Serve per fumare? A cosa serve?
What's the new disney channel advert November 2013 about radio rebel?
I would like to know how u can find who stars in the disney channel commercials November 2013?
Why does the Italian media submit Amanda Knox is guilty because her DNA was present, when it happened in her?
Lumia 800 is not supporting whatsapp, why?
download bbc iplayer video?
Does oppositions to globalism make you a terrorist?
Why did BBC America stop showing The X Files?
Why is India fighting with it's neighbors? Is it because of the immigrants?
Unlike US President Obama can we take Iran President Hassan Rouhani at his word about Red Lines?
Why are you help to the victims of super typhoon haiyan in the philippines?
How has international terrorism become such an important issue today?
Do you think the UK could be kicked out of the EU?
Why has Islamic terrorism become such an important issue in the world today?
international affairs as a minor major?
Would the World Send Bottled Water, And MRE's to the Philipines?
FIRST AID CURRENT EVENT ARTICLE!?!?!?
November 13, 2013 blackout?
Is bonfire night celebrated more on a saturday night rather than on the 5th nov?
Places for a birthday party near Hudson, WI?
What were the black friday deals last year for 2012?
Is the American Legion the same?
Is the ban on Malala's book justifiable?
Do you think Britian should BAN the Burka?
Where are the crowns for the world major pageants made?
Anyone watch 'The Lost Airmen of Buchenwald?
Karnataka in which best news paper for Kannada language?
How much is the merch items on Soundwave festival?
How do i write a story??
When does Warped tour 2014 start in America,and how much does a ticket cost?
How long must an immigrant to London wait?
How many of Englands Westminster Government has been there?
Why has the system failed murdered schoolgirl Karen Downes?
Has a ww2 ex german soldier ever laid a wreath at the cenotaph?
for revolutionists, what link could you provide me so that i can read and have my opinion about it?
I am curious how are political documents \leaked\?
help me please? remembrance day!?
I'm looking for a yahoo news topic on : 50 rules of success in life.?
Who in your opinion is the greatest \World Leader\?
Why does the uk shelter terrorists?
Are the Jewish people being led into another holocaust?
what type of documentary is Meet the Russians on Fox?
Why has China chosen London over New York as its designated currency trading outpost?
Does it give you a warm glow to know that Nadim Zahawi MP has repaid SOME of the expenses he claimed?
names for the hindi section of college magazine?
What does the fox say?
What does this news mean?
Do you think the government knows how hard americans work on a daily basis? Explain why.?
what happens if you got married and you never report it to welfare what happens?
Need an awesome clan name?
are there websites that have a chat room for writers?
how to set up my android phone to proxy?
why abc refuse to sack jimmy for inciting hatred against chinese?
why western media censor the news- chinese american hold protest in several usa cities against jimmy? ?
Please send me the result on date 06.11.2013?
How Long Could The Trial Of The Muslim Brotherhood In Egypt Last?
T or F ::: Fukushima nuclear disaster is the biggest lie ever told by the media and it did not happen at all..?
How do i meet Ron Jeremy?
why are Bosnians in the Ms13?
number lung cancer patients in usa,china,india,uk,canada?
GOVERMENT HANDOUT!!!?
Okay people have been talking about FEMA camps and how Obama is bringing back martial law.?
What happened to the daughters of lee Harvey oswald?
Events of lady gaga in 2001?
What were all of those loud booms in Arlington tonight?
Did the US capitulate because Iran gave proof that they have NBC weapons & personnel in the US already?
what is yellow journalists ?
is loge 117 good seats?
14 years later, should we feel sympathy for the shooters of the Columbine High School massacre?
question for news anchor?
Murdoch scandal? why did it happen?
What does the fox say?
I want to know how the typhoon hit over Hindang & Taboc?
Am i the only person to like miley?
If Latin America decides to put an economic embargo on Britain, how should we respond?
Best radio station, tv station and website to keep up with politics/govt and for good intellectual stimulation?
Is there anything good about the mpaa ratings?
What can be done to stop these Typhoons ?
Crime Mysteries Where The Criminal Could Still Be Alive That Haven't Been Solved Yet?
Why is the USA sending aid to help the Phillipines?
Do you feel safer with George Zimmerman being a free man?
Zero hour contracts and lessons in intimidation - used and abused or lauded and applauded?
When was Nathan Dunlap originally sentenced?
Why does the media always emphasize the bad news and not the good news?
When does miss universe come on?
How can I catch up on current events and what's going on in the world?
is the NSA watching us?
Did Syria get its WMD from Iraq?
how is internet service in the Philippines after Haiyan?
Dangers of Iran having nuclear plant?
Whats a good song that people that cut themselfs can dedicate to people that don't?
What is the reason or what do they do at the Annual Correspondent's Dinner?
Even if you dont want us to donate anything, at least are your thoughts with the victims & families?
Help finding sources for a government paper?
Example of misleading statistics in the media?
is the tritone really satanic?
How do you know what to cite?
Should the government have to hold a referendum before privatising something?
Should freedom of religion be a part of the U.S. foreign policy?
team speak 3 make a channel that only I can get into.?
Why does The Sun newspaper love 1 Direction so much?
Whats the customer support number for Readers Digest UK?
Would we still need winter tyres if our cars were as good as this?
Could \Generation Me Me Me\ actually begin to benefit the UK's economy?
Is this a great reminder how we should look after our war heroes all the time?
Link where I can see Brazilian's ACTUAL Intervention Plan in response to the Fed's tapering of QE?
How many Americans did Obama drone strike?
Theyve been letting off firework crackers for about the last 2hrs?
What do Sinhalese and Tamil people think of the film 'Madras Cafe' ?
Anyone know of a website to read about past political news of China, India, Myanmar, SE Asia? Thank you!!!?
Where I can watch Helter Skelter (2012) online with English subtitles?
Thousands have been killed in the Phillippines due to the super Typhoon?
Should Transfat be banned from food?
I am interviewing Don Ray Archer. If you could what would you ask him.?
What films,television programs and newspapers portray god?
How is WW3 going to start according to Albert Pike?
Anyone else sort of dislike Noah Cyrus?
Is it true that no private company could ever budget for decommissioning a nuclear power station?
How many people are aware of the changes in Medicare bought in by the Affordable Care Act?
Do you agree with this?
what does the fox say?
Could America ever have free health care? And why is there an opposition on Obamacare?
Do you agree with this?
Why are UAVs so controversial?
What was the exact lie in the 60 Minutes Benghazi story that CBS apologized for?
article on extraordinary in the ordinary?
Dont you think this is just a bit of sweet talking?
Will the Taliban put these people on trial?
India's investments in Sri Lanka topped $1 billion since 2003.Who bothers on Lankan Tamils' suffering?
Who else has heard enough of the Incognito situation?
type of tattoo on woman's in moto maker commercial with kanye west music in background?
Where can I donate money to help the people of the Philippines?
How many criminals who have been given new identities have later went on to reoffend?
Isn't UPA dilly-dallying on Lankan Policy by out-rightly ignoring sentiments of Tamil Nadu?
Does the current administration want Iran to have the bomb?
Where can I publish essays for pay & also let them be uncensored?
Should our school newspaper have a cover page?
Is this a scam? 2013 Miss Teen Houston?
Are the Conservatives blackmailing the Scottish people over the new aircraft carriers?
Is Typhoon Haiyan over?
Why are africans deemed inferior to every other being in this world?
Why are africans deemed inferior to every other being in this world?
Why are africans deemed inferior to every other being in this world?
Open forum debates help please?
Where did the saying come from that Iraq was only invaded for oil?
Disney Channel Advert 2013?
What happen to our Malaysian news?
What's a good title for an editorial article about taking action?
PC World three hours to download software?
Suggest the best IT News Provider in India?
Charlie Brooker article about ''The Voice'' talent show?
If Amanda Knoxs book causes the collapse of her 2nd trial in Italy can she sue the prosecutor there?
'Clemency' for Marine NCO convicted of murder - but isn't a life sentence mandatory?
Mr advani is father figure in bjp then why so much jokes in media/why?
Asylum seeker lied about his age to get care and flying lessons?
Why are these people protesting?
Would you have turned a blind eye and left them to their victims?
For example during the making of tomb raider did the cameramen see the full nidity of Angelina jolie?
What are the sources of nigerian law?
Whats with USA and Afghanistan?
How to make a documentary proposal?
Whats the best way to make a realistic newspaper?
Has anyone else noticed their virgin media bills go up recently?
Do you do good deeds to be rewarded? And if so is it an incentive?
What sentence would you give the marine who killed an injured Afghan insurgent?
Why western media is linking terrorism attack with muslim identity and certain ethnicity,uyghur in china?
why do people get so offended by things in the MEDIA?
Good things about the ipad air?
Is the news bad or good for little kids?
Is USA the only country ever to use nuclear weapons in a war?
Why has the Taliban attacked the Philippines? What has the Philippines done to the Taliban?
marim zito and teena osman same person?
msrim zito and teena osman same person?
Could US start war with Iran?
Is suicide the only way out for Toronto Mayor Rob Ford?
Should the human population or the economic wealth of humans be a concern?
anyone know about the news carding case from Indonesia?
where do i get complete details , maps, of LAKES in BANGALORE?
why have so many people been dropped from their healthcare insurance policies after the ACA plan went into eff?
Important Current events?
need an information about video journalism.... please someone help me...?
Do you prefer the Royal British Legion red poppy or Peace Pledge Union white poppy?
How can I get story out to news people about shelter dog?
don't even get the logic of this do you.. and on.. misogynist eastern european ..cont.?
What is your opinion on the current economic siuation?
Pls who knows Daniel Johnson,from Roma,Italy, 40 years old,tall,likes fishing and hunting.?
Why was my uncle charged with murder?
How do I hire paparazzi for a week?
What do you think of the idea in a state in the USA,letting over 65,s shopping between 9-12 only on a Tuesday?
Why didn't Obama order a strike against the Benghazi embassy attackers?
do most school shootings occur with registered guns?
Funky pigeon answer ASAP Please!?
Cask of amontillado Newspaper Article?
Did yahoo answers shorten the allowed content for sources to censor prohibition statistical information?
Does Israeli media lie?
What do you think of Israeli media?
Does the Israeli media really lie?
What's going on in the Middle East ?
What's the link between wars in the Middle East and oil ?
The media calmly reports the end of British ship-building: What do you think would have been the media ...?
Is he right? The BbC is too big, too left wing and conveniently ignores critics?
Was there ever any deaths in 73 merdon avenue chandlers ford?
How 'Northern' are you?
What was it like on 9/11?
Does a A primary source appear in only one publication?
If 9/11 was an inside job, who flew the planes into the towers?
how does the tv and media affect stereotypes?
I need help getting into Events Organising/Planning.?
Help for ideas with Media coursework (ideas for folk artist)?
Is an actual death showable on mass media?
where are the records of the 1913 gas explosion in Clevend OH kept?
Question about WABC Sean Hannity radio program?
Confused between Law & the Media??!!!?
Question about Sean Hannity's radio program?
Where i can watch live concert Arctic Monkeys 9.11.2013 in Brussel?
Do you believe that nothing lasts forever, even cold November rain?
What does the word 'Haiyan' mean? As in, Typhoon Haiyan?
(Media litracy) What are the best way for a speaker to appeal to an audience and why?
what female reporter injured in iud attack?
Does anyone know where I can watch the Michelle Knight Interview ?
How long is GridEx II?
Has Germany officially said it will grant asylum to Snowden if he asks for it?
What is the most mainstream online journalism site where we can post our own articles?
I don't understand the ending (last 40 pages) of Daniel x Armageddon?
Which would top your Xmas present list...?
Daily Mail- Money Pouch?
Is this an acceptable reason to delve in to the public purse (UK)?
who owns Antartica is it ripe for exploitation ?
Why would we extradite a terror suspect TO the UK?
Power cuts = energy company blackmail?
Who is kurt fox of the RDG?
Is this the worst cover version of a song ever?
Which of these will have you singing along or cringing to?
Will you be buying Katie Melua's Greatest Hits for Christmas?
Christmas is coming: Do you realise WHAT that means when you go shopping?
hi, i need some information about international business, international Relation and international Affair. Is?
Would you pass this binge drinking test?
So who is telling the truth about immigration.....?
Does this tweet from the SNP show they are being deceitful or just can't speak plain English?
Can you take gifts into a book signing in WH Smith?
Is he another 'success' of the education system?
Information regarding Somalia?
would you say that the Royal Marine who shot this Afgan prisoner should face?
Why i have Just seen Kate middlleton on the front cover of a magazine with?
Is this what 'mean girls' turn into?
Is there something evil about the date 11/9/1994?
Does a religion that advocates the stoning of children to death have any place in the UK?
Lord Digby Jones or Carlos Ghosen, who's right?
people killed by road accident in india in 2012?
Is Carlos Ghosn trying to intimidate British voters on the EU in/out vote?
What was today's november 8 2013 first code word for ktla's Disney contest?
how do i find inmates sentencing?
Should there be restrictions on who is allowed to vote?
Could anything have been done to prevent the accident in Chernobyl?
What is your view on true friendship between Lata Mangeshkar and Sivaji Ganesan,two legends in Indian Cinema?
Dr. Martin Macneil trial. Guilty or not guilty?
i never thought this hurts so muchhh?
Why has the Government declared war on UK small businesses?
Who do israel think they are \ Israel 'utterly rejects' Iran deal\?
Why am I only able to scroll through the first 5 news stories on the opening page?
Saudi nuclear weapons on Order?
how do I stop all these useless sports stories from showing up on my home page?
cannot get all of the news topics at the top of page only get 1-5 the rest are blank?
script for radio show on indian politics?
is it true,bbc proramme, This World-Dont Panic-The Truth About Population,found chimps beat uni educated brits?
Do people understand that the ACA and the website are only related by the roll out?
How many trials have the Taliban held over their fighters committing breaches of the Geneva convention?
whats your opinion on the 3 royal marines being charged with murder of afghan militant?
You think Yassir Arafat was actually murdered or was death of illness at old age?
how are ticket sales for the National Lottery fairing since they increased the price?
What is the most important element in RACE formula in media?
Democrats vs Republicans Debate, understanding their views on topics?
Who was it said 'only fools and horses work'?
Roles reversed, how well do you think President Obama would've handled Hurricane Katrina?
Does the Daily Mail want to bring about a fourth Reich?
Is the english people worried as much as their westminster government is, about Scotland having Independence?
I can't imagine why George Harrision got sued for plagiarism ....?
how can i know how many followers\\viewers do i have on tumbler ?
What are public opinions of Toronto Mayor Rob Ford?
If One Direction were any good then how come...........?
Isn't \Inadvertent Inaccuracies\ just the same thing as plain simple lies?
deaths in allen park mich in march of 2010?
Passing a kidney stone?
Why can't the NHS just put one of those 'we don't accepte responsibility for...'?
Will Israel will launch a 1967 styled five days regional war in November 2013?
Will the division of A.P into telengana and seemandra result in more division of different states?
Midway Airport Chicago Strange lawnmower noise all night long for the past week.any1 else experienced this?
Sir Cliff finally tells it like it is (hopefully) wouldst thou not agree?
are there real images of the construction of Titanic II?
What - actually - has Toronto Major Rob Ford, done ILLEGALLY, if anything?
Liberals only: Have you seen a film called Bob Roberts yet?
World news in NBC, CBS&ABC?
Haiyan Super Storm in the Philippines?
What has been going on with the United States and Afghanistan // Iraq ?
How did awareness ribbons start?
Will you get Obama care or pay the?
Has Obama intentionally mislead Americans on?
Is Diane Feinstein likely to be recalled?
Whats is a war currently being fought in the world that deals with lack of religious freedom?
Is Racial Profiling justifiable?
Spiking the news example?
What is the cheapest daily newspaper?
Why does Obama believe only 5% of America will pay more for health insurance?
How is their globally ?what?
Do you worry about the effects of the global overpopulation crisis on your life?
How did michael \sheffy\ siry die?
rebecca stevenson formerly of kiro 7 news of seattle?
Was the British PSA \only Stwpd Cowz Txt N Drive\ a reenactment of an actual accident?
Should news be focused more on global and local issues rather than celebrity gossip and sensational items?
Where can I find an article about airport crimes?
How do I send an article to yahoo for publishing?
I swear the telly keeps aiming adverts at me personally?
Is it considered wrong to conduct an interview for a newspaper article over the phone? Through email?
SSG vs Spetsnaz ? Who is better?
Bibliography MLA format?
Is it fair to expect a quid-pro-quo from pro-freedom Scots in terms of England leaving the EU ?
An awesome headline for a science report?
Is it legal to post an article on quotes on an online stores blog?
should i mention the country i came from?
where is the current position of typhoon yolanda in the philippines?
Wasn't Nigel Farage brilliant on BBC question time tonight?
What was the scandal that Chris Christie was involved in?
What are the top current legal international business issues right now?
Is the US government preparing for a dollar crash?
Please help me choose a name!?
Is it ever right to ban a book or an item of clothing?
How is the Taliban allowed to operate still?
In the War of 1812, the United States struck effectively at the British?
What is a clever or catchy title for my feature article?
put non violent prisoners to work building the fence?
How much are VIP tickets for the Miley Cyrus Bangerz tour?
How to be a dermatology nurse?
What time do I turn up to Sydney's Anchorman 2 premiere to see the stars on the red carpet?
Introduce the magezine of Iran-khorasane razavi-Khaf?
Will there ever be a hurricane named Rufus or Jethro?
Is there an age limit to Hardwell's concert in Manchester 2014?
GENERAL KNOWLEDGE exam tomorrow. I don't know anything about the worlds current affairs!!! HELP?
Why is americans always the good guys in media?
Media literacy question?
who has fluoride in their drinking water?
How much money will cost to travel in TITANIC II?
surely there a huge untapped market Portsmouth naval yards could expand into?
when will this country ban the burka.?
Why was hurricane pam exercise unsuccessful?
What emotional response would you achieve in an audience for a aerial shot?
Media Concentration Q?
Famous anti-muslim figures?
what is the current price of Nexus 4 in USA?
How important was the too small Glove in the OJ Simpson murder case?
Should this book be banned from sale in the UK?
Is Russel Brand right in telling people not to vote ?
Why did Obama want to end the government shutdown and raise the debt ceiling?
What kind of news do people really like?
Why is Tommy Jordan hailed as a folk hero?
Since the minimum wage leads to youth unemployment, should it be lowered?
Why has RWW youtube channel was canceled ?
Does the UK Government's incompetence explain the populations apathy?
What happened in the last 2 weeks?
Why does a gender pay gap exist in the UK?
What is latest voa persian sat tv frequencies?
Do you buy a lot of ready made meals?
After seeing the first five news items and click arrow for the next five news items, blank page shows up ?
Do you think religious studies should be scrapped?
How much have you economised this Christmas?
Mass Media assignment?
where do i find works of harivansh rai bachchan ji in pdf files? please help...?
ktla disney code words for today?
What is Media Accreditation Form?
Can someone please give me a good summary of this article ?
In response to \Project Hate\ from the SNP, what are some ideas to bring our union closer together?
If you were in the BNP and thought the world should be for whites only?
can you name some satirical examples about thieves to write in a essay?
What are the big current issues facing the NHS?
Scotland wont get Independence Because?
Is the gory death of ISAIPRIYA,a tip of an Iceberg of a heinous war crime of BROTHERS?
Is it true that Obama's family and the Bin Laden family had ties to eachother in the past?
What are the events whereby all countries participate?
Good Christian newspaper title?
What continues to fuel racism in USA?
If 9/11 was not another Holocaust, then why the media drum-beat about it sounds same?
What is the most important present day issue that all US citizens should be focused on without distraction?
Is Iain Duncan Smith throwing taxpayers money down the drain while he punishes the jobless?
discuss the potential and issues surrounding what your obligation as human services professional?
Why was a convicted rapist given British citizenship while in prison?
did the jimmy savile thing make the news in america?
Is this poor man's anti social history a result of being given a ridiculous name?
Should this thug now be charged with causing the death of an elderly man?
Another poor soul led astray by a gang of thieves....should he have been?
Another terrorist/asylum seeker sues for torture overseas....should he turn up for his cheque in person?
Under what circumstances do you think the government might be justified in imposing price controls on the?
public demonstration of symphaty has a substance?
Examples of Public Policy Issues in 2013?
Any problems in davao city that is related to media?
Im looking for citizen journalism photographs that have made front page news?
What is a good topic to write a feature article on?
Latest price on mandela coin 2008?
How does extradition work? Did Jodi Aries take ground transportation by U.S Marshals?
Provide examples of the CSR activities of the organizations. (Examples must be supported with images/news/art?
Are there any female models or celebrities that have broken a bone?
If someone offered you a licence to print money would you buy it?
HELP JOB CHANGE QUESTION NEWS DEPARTMENT?
Why are people in the UK so unambitious?
What are the Qualifications for travel journalism?
HELP JOB CHANGE QUESTION NEWS DEPARTMENT?
What was the Best Fundraiser you ever got involved with?
why did churchill refuse Hitler's offer to stop the war?
Does table manner matter in Iran?
How much food do you throw away per week?
Why Narendra Modi? Or Why not Narendra Modi?
What do you make of this Rosling's \ignorance survey\?
Why did the Californian police do this [vid]?
Is this the reason why Israel will never have to negotiate for peace?
Have Debenham's Male Manequins got beer bellies on them?
What are the circumstances of Ariel Castro's victims escape from the house they were held in?
Should Pitbulls and other types of agressive Bulldogs be banned completely?
deaths by alchahol. deaths by drugs?
Do You Think It Is Wrong For Disabled People Not be Able To use The Disabled Access At Theme Parks?
Im writing an analysis on an article. What do I do with the image?
Did MPs enjoy lavish hospitality at the expense of the British taxpayer and a Maltese bank?
Ugg \Australia\, is this entirely honest?
Why are we paying child benefit for 50,000 children who do not live in the UK?
Do you feel sympathy for job seekers who have had their benefits cut?
what do you know about adult traffic source?
Isn't this typical of a Fake Site apparently selling Brand Name gear at knock down prices?
Do you believe in the 1%?
What is the effect of psa on 12th?
Which one is better editor or publicist?
where do i go to see the video of what happen to will smith?
Let's be honest, you thought he was going to be rubbish didn't you?
Let's be honest, you thought he was going to be rubbish didn't you?
Does this prove that men AND women can NOT open a door?
how to keep a margaret???? sos?
Counter terrorism, Security and Intelligence Courses?
What contributes to the inevitability of war?
I'm looking for human interest news broadcast from 2007 in Phoenix Arizona about a sculptor?
international student's job opportunity for journo in USA.?
I'm looking for human interest news broadcast from 2007 in Phoenix Arizona about a sculptor?
what ever happened to jodi arias?
Is FOX news and the splintering of news eventually going to hurt the Republicans themselves?
Where on earth can I find the article “The Man in a Bomb Suit.” by Mark Boales?
How much is Michele Knight (house of so-called horror survivor) being paid to be on Dr. Phool?
How much is Michelle Knight (house of so-called horror survivor) being paid to be on Dr. Phool?
What is the name of this military show?
Would Putin think that 'Go West' by the Pet Shop Boys was pro-homosexual propaganda...?
Where should i complete my journalism degree to get selected in fox traveller?
how to be the part of fox traveller?
Could i type a story on the ipad 2?
How do I get rid of News Net?
Will there ever be peace in the middle east?
Should Diane Sawyer be charged with abusing Elizabeth Vargas?
Interesting Title for an social media vs. face to face interaction essay?
What is the current immigration policy in France?
Was the US at war anytime between mar of 1946 and sept of 1947 ?
How can I promote this true story for many people to see?
Why are blacks of today showing how thin-skinned and hyper-sensitive they are?
What are some BIG issues in America?
what was Kurt Cobain's personality like?
Scolnascente200 is continuing ?
Do you think Chris Christie will be the next president of the United States?
What is a current event going on right now?
Article that uses ethos, pathos, and logos?
who should own the Stubbs kangaroo painting?
Why do people gossip about celebrities and such?
Grant Shapps, Should he resign in light of the fraud investigation or will \lessons be learned\?
What was the spin number on 11/4/2013?
What major popular/major people were involved in the australian television industry in the 70s?
2 good rebuttals for capital punishment?
Is it true there are 3/4 million Muslims in Argentina?! If so, how many in South America...is nowhere safe?
What is the difference between VIP (1 or 2) admission tickets and other tickets?
Why is the Italian Govt so dead set on retrying Amanda Knox?
why does yahoo not allow some news videos in my area?
Why does the Media like Chris Christi so much?
What is an effective headline for a teenage dinking feature artice?
How many radio broadcasting stations are there in America?
The Metternich system was the cause for all of the following events except?
Is it right that a child mauled to death by a dog is headline news?
I need reasons China could be a threat to United States national security?
Where do the conservatives go from here?
Do women like Page 3 more then men?
How do people on the Silk Road ship their product without getting caught?
Why Pakistan didn't sign the Paris Commitment on Child Soldiers in 2011? Why Pakistan employs children?
Can you believe this man could be out of prison in 15 years?
why do people join cartels?
how do you think the war in the pacific well be fought?
media text or show from 1950/60's that's sexist?
How can I change my name when making comments on Yahoo news articles?
On 10/18 I was billed $1 twenty-one times in 3 hrs. Pls correct this. Ed Goldman?
important events in john f kennedys early life?
How was the media able to do this?
people for the japanese internment camps?
Should MPs get free fuel?
Can someone help me understand the summary of one or all of these events?
Nuclear families are always best’ evaluate arguments for and against this claim?
Have you ever seen a worse act of vandalism than this?
Persuasive Essay Introduction?
Was A Computer Chip Really Found In A Prymaid?
How bad is fukushima? Media blackout?
where can i find while she sleeps tickets for 20th december @ corporation sheffield?
How do fireworks.... Read below?
How do you feel about the effect of the Affordable Care Act on Medicare?
define the concept of terrorist threat integration center?
When Miriam Carey was gunned down by the D.C. police, does that mean they are better shots than stormtroopers?
What benefit to Britain are immigrants requiring handouts at point of entry?
Do you have or know someone with a rare condition?
journalism students or journalists who can help me with analyzing the news?
\empoyers can't be not hiring full time because of Obama care yet\?
Don't immigrants get older?
Why does Ireland have the third largest deficit in Europe who is to blame?
Documentaries which are..?
Can someone help me understand the timeline of one or all of these events?
Why are some cities switching on Christmas lights on so early, and right after the electricity price rises..?
whats going to happen to britain if the population is set to rise by another 10 million in 5 years?
Why was my question deleted?It didnt violate guidelines.How to stop media comments showing on profile?
Hello to any Scots on Here?
Are Playmobil going to be making a Ancient Greek range?
I can't find my emails for 2012 & 2013. Where did they go?
Portsmouth citizens,are you pleased with the Government you voted in?
If Arafat was poisoned with Polonium would that be a bad thing or surprising?
anyone else seriously getting fed up of everyone slagging off care homes?
When do males stop being boys and become men? A rent boy in his 30s....?
name of song weather channel local on the 8s?
Why is a non-compete contract ok for Obama but not Cheney?
Is there any chance that this vicious 'student' will be deported?
Is this PC stupidity taken to new levels?
Can people with thalasimia major apply for freedom bus pass?
Is Debenhams trying to encourage obesity by using plumper manequins?
If someone breaks into your home and steals your things?
is it bad news about job losses in the ship building industry?
Are Scottish people not enjoying enough special cuddles together?
How to prepare the following journal entries?
the importance of music in adverts?
Now that shooting Free runners (Parkour) is frowned upon what can be done to protect your property?
How Exactly Will Obamacare/Affordable Care Act Reduce the Deficit?
TV: Ric Savage (American Digger) looks like a bit of an a***ole to me..agree?
If Scotland gains Independence ?
Do you trust the police in America today?
Could someone recommend a conservative news round up blog?
Is what Lisa\left eye\ Lopes said in this interview true?
An additional 10 million people in the UK for your children/grandchildren?
List any two events in 2013 where people have tried to solve their problems with non- violence?
Should all politicians be micro chipped ?
what will be you'r reply if somebody says that you are a terrorist?
Hey there what is the best phone on the market right.now?!?!?
Michael Moore Biased?
Can my Instagram followers see mentions that I make in the comments area on other public Instagram pages?
What about something different for Sunday Roast?
Why dont we get rid of unions on a trail basis and see how workers cope?
does the uk need any more immigrants?
possible closure of ship yards?
Should all dogs and certain owners be ?
how many people from one news station are on the scene at a time?
Do you read Vogue, can you please answer my three very quick questions?
Can anyone type up a dodgy résumé to get a residential care home job nowadays?
is john bishop a good role model?
How is Espionage and War on Terror isolating USA from the rest of the world?
Why there are more International Response on 2010 Haiti earthquake than the 2013 Bohol Philippines Earthquake?
Which country is the most sovereign and free from American influence?
Did you know that JFK would want us to?
Why is it acceptable for women to be paedophiles but not men?
good current events newsletter for science?
Do you ever employ Occam's razor as a device?
Why did Yahoo assist Chinese government on the capture of Journalist Shi Tao?
Do you think its harder/easier to get a job?
Who are sexy currently local weather women in your area?
Another sex pest too young to be named. Should they be named in serious cases?
BAE cutting 1,775 jobs?
I am confused that what job should I do after completing my ba jouranlisn degree.i want to go in media field.?
Should Natasha Kaplinthsky stop lithping or get a decent hair stylist or both?
Are these fancy dress costumes more offensive than a black faced devil?
Would you try one of these 'moving' massages to help you relax?
UK: Do you trust your local market when buying meat?
Is this adding insult to injury? Having to remove a used condom that damages his car...?
How would Margaret Thatcher have dealt with the (ongoing) Bank crisis of 2007?
what do you think about muzzling all dogs in england?
Why didn't CBS invite Dan Rather to the 50th Anniversary events of the Kennedy Assassination?
Why didn't CBS invite Dan Rather to the 50th Anniversary events of the Kennedy Assassination?
is kerrang tv aired all around the world?
What's happening in Israel?
Who is the strongest nation in the middle east in terms of military and regional influence?
What is your view on the Portsmouth shipyard closure, is it a sop to the Scots prior to the devolution vote?
how many people die in india per year?
Should dog owners be forced to pay insurance ?
How many innocents has the government killed?
any stories/articles the reflect theme of mother's love?
Which of these British traditions would you least like to lose?
How many more corrupt tories have lucrative moonlight jobs?
Do you think Asylum seekers should get flying lessons from the tax-payer?
Should the US extradite these 911 costume girls?
Thoughts on the McCann case?
What do you think of Cameron wanting to weasel fox hunting back into fuller legality?
Do You Think It Is Wrong For Disabled People Not be Able To use The Disabled Access At Theme Parks?
Should dogs be banned from the UK (or wherever you live)?
If you have any doubt about Britain's EU future is this the answer?
What do British people think about India's Mission Mars?
Adventureous Ice Rink Events?
Should Ed and Len be forced to apologise to Mrs Lorraine Kane?
Insensitive and inappropriate advertising?
Seriously! ! possibility of evacuating the entire west US !?
Why do you think Mayor of Toronto Rob Ford being is being attacked so much by the Media?
How much time do they spend looking after their constituency problems?
Do you 'shame' your dog if it misbehaves?
So if the last nuclear reactor goes, Japan is history. Where will all the Japanese people go?
Why the royal mail privatisation must be kept in the news after we have been?
What is the volume and issue number of the Men's Fitness with Jamie Foxx on the cover?
Does anybody feel sorry for the AR-15 since liberals always blame it for everything?
Is it the governments fault that health care is not free?
How long does seiman live expose to air?
Is obama care going make it harder for people to get full time work?
Can I use a quote from an article in my article?
is it HAARP or something else conspiracy theory ?
Will my friend get arrested for threatening Obama?
What were reverend hales motives in the crucible?
What are your thoughts on the bad news everyday?
why is the new sports pages still having issues?
Is it possible (technically and financially) for some terrorist group to assemble a nuclear bomb?
advantage of journalism?
am I still going to be able to get my AVONEX with what OBAMA is doing?
how many days of the year have passed when we reach May 1?
the man who shot the horse on the internet, did someone take care of him or is he still belching on horsemeat?
Every2Minutes Xbox Contest?
What are some events or articles that have happened regarding human rights?
What would make a man like Ariel Castro do such bad things to girls, then hang himself sexually in his cell?
Why is the elections in New Jersey and Virginia getting coverage in Great Britain?
Why are the 20 year olds shooting up airports and killing randomly, or killing themselves?
Do you think its a good thing that the media reveals the personal lives of politicians? If so, to what degree?
What is a Media Management major?
Chris Christie has been re-elected governor of New Jersey, how does CNN know this quick?
POLL---Did you vote today?
what country is angus from?
do you think dr. mcneil is innocent?
I need to find a mystery from a crime show. Help?
THIS IS GOING TO BE RACIST BUT...?
The article \This is Harper's Watergate\ can you summarize?
Water regulations in Dominica Republic?
what are some unsolved missing persons cases in fairbainks ak?
Writing a school newspaper article about three siblings all born in December. Any ideas on how to start it?
Where can I find the Yahoo article on strange facts about Disneyland from November 4, 2013?
example of a textual analysis of a print advert?
sites on Cuban teenagers?
McCanns: is there such a thing as a 'McCann alternative reality'?
More minors not being named....if they are old enough to do the crime should?
Who is a biography target audience?
Isn't China so evil in that it has been supporting North Korea only for their interests?
When writing an annotaion on an article, is it more helpful if the article is an opinion piece?
Should the French Mastiff breed be added to Section 1 of the Dangerous Dogs Act?
Biggest issues facing California?
What kind of home produces such cruel and violent children?
Is this a proven statement?
Understanding Recent Activities for Email?
Memoir title help?????????????????????????????????
Did someone forget to tell these people they were employed as carers not as bullies?
Firework Displays near liverpool?
Another rape, another liar, another accomplice....another ruined life. Where have?
Germany become an ally of the Russia China maybe India Triangle of world power?
Do you ever see people wearing Burkas or people wearing other Muslum clothing wearing a poppy?
So are of these mass shootings lately like the ones in the New Jersey Mall and the one at LAX just done by?
What are the current attitudes in Israel and Palestine?
Do people wear poppies disingenuously?
Since Barroso has claimed that the EU is an empire, who will be Britain's Boadicea?
What are the best conferences for PR professionals and journalists to network?
The leadership instistute Arlington .what are the topic,for the leadership triaining programme and the agenda?
Statistics on discrimination in Britain 2012/2013?
How is Drone Warfare Legal?
What are the ethics regarding viewer submitted photo's in the news / journalism?
Obama is purging and firing America's top commanders around the world. What is Obama doing?
Did Margaret Thatcher in fact exacerbate the situation in Northern Ireland?
Is this even possible?? (Fashion journalism)?
The Taliban leadership are an odious lot so why not sent in the Drones?
So what is Anonymous?
How on earth did David Miliband arrive at this conclusion?
Why do English remember Guy Fawkes from 100s years ago but cannot name any of the 7/7 plotters nor any failed?
Woodrow Wilson would have wanted Britain to raise taxes on electronic cigarettes?
\Drinking heavily to celebrate the Islamic festival of Eid\?
how many convicted murderers were released from prison in 2012?
Are libs going to blame the AR15 and global warming for their failures?
Why they installed water meters and it was not because of a water shortage?
Yahoo news stories won't scroll since Yahoo update?
What are your views on Charlie brooker as a writer?
Where can I find the murder count in Pennsylvania for 2013?
What does Charlie Brooker mean by this sentence in his article?
Hello can anyone tell me anything about streets named after famous people in the Dublin 8 area? Thank You Alan?
Is there a conspiracy brewing?
Which country is the worlds biggest bully?
What crimes are being committied? - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eDHFb6U63cM - He also impersonates police?
With the food stamp cuts going on throughout the united states...?
How will switching green taxes from my heating bill to some other bill save me money, do you?
Plebgate, why are we persecuting police when Mitchell by his own admission used the f word at them?
is this plebgate affair a joke ? a politician calling anyone a liar ?
What caused the Iraqi Freedom war to start?
What channel will Miss Universe 2013 broadcast in the uk?
what are the current global issues?
Do you think the industry is encouraging segregation?
How was the environment affected during the 2007 UK floods?
DEBATE- Should right to information be made a fundamental right. Give your opinion for or against .?
Philpott's appeal to be 'televised'; is this a dream come true to the usual sections of the media?
Why do we have to keep paying out?
Do you find this outfit massively offensive?
Should there be more of these online stings to catch paedophiles?
vote of thanks in kannada languages?
nationalist movement in india and vietnam..? compare and contrast?
I won an international paper contest, they gave me money, am I suppose to talk?
Should banks be allowed to profit by speculating on food prices?
How would you like to learn to fly?
When is Demi lovato in the uk next?
Why did Theresa May water down anit-terror legislation, giving terrorists more freedom of movement?
Did you see the two attention ho's try to get in the frame of the CNN mall shoot coverage?
What would happen in the Israel/Palestine situation if every person there converted to either Judaism or Islam?
Should Goerge Zimmerman sue the country and the media for making lies?
has the benefit tourism bogeyman card been overplayed, a UCL report found immigrants contribute more to the?
Why would anyone care whether M&S flogs it's clothes or not?
meaning of #prefix in a TV news?
Is anti-semitism the good or the bad?
Does any one have any experiences of couchsurfing (preferably in norway but anywhere really)?
Does this herald the arrival of US school violence in our schools?
Why are they remastering Cleopatra 1962...it was Hollywood rubbish then?
Why when India has so much poverty and regularly requires aid from other countries are they concentrating on?
Is it time to give Dave a wake-up call?
At over 5,000% APR Wonga make the Mob look like amateurs don't they?
Do you feel anymore enriched by our multicultural society or is it making you poorer?
Will this advert help turn around M&S's clothing slump?
Shouldn't his GP be under investigation too?
Would you recognise two people in love?
Is channel nine having a one hour news now. one hour is too much?
Foreign aid this year £11.554 billion, and will go up to £12.162 billion next year?
What's happening today? Any news?
Is it true . . that eye twiching gives a bad.news to.me ?
how do you run a kritik in PF debate?
how long will saging your pants be around, its dam near 2014 almost, they were doing it in 1994,?
Is china going to attack the usa and can the usa defend against the nukes?
When did President Obama last speak about Syria?
what is the bjrthday for Dutches in Black Ink?
Oklahoma Prison Escapees?
Why won't China let North Korea develop its economy?
is patrick stewart pro abortion?
Do you think the New Jersey shooters are muslims?
what does the fox say?
what does the fox say?
When will we finally ban guns in the US?
anyone else having problems with \There was an error loading more news.\?
What is a controversial issue today?
*UPDATED* Is this okay for the start of my debate?
how has plan colombia helped to reintegrate displaced person into society?
Joseph Kony Questions?!?
Why are the links from Yahoo News to Reuters articles so frequently unstable?
Why is there a blue x on my curve for my house?
How does the play \Inherit the Wind\ relate to current events?
What is an unbiased current events website/news source that can be trusted to not exaggerate or skew facts?
Can you sum up the NSA documents that Edward Snowdan released?
miley cyrus article help?
T.O.P Media Online Kpop Audition?
Becoming a young Journalist?
Is Louis Tomlinson from England?
why does the spam filter keep flagging Prisonplanet.tv after I tell it not 2 ? It is a legitimate news outlet.?
Are Royal Mail on strike in Northern Ireland?
Why is Kanye West wearing a Confederate Flag?
What is a current health issue in the US?
What has been done internationally about poverty in Africa?
lowering the drinking age articles/ news stories?
How can i write a film review for Teens?
surely we can't enact a law of automatic reporting child abuse?
hi, I can only view pages 1-5, after hitting the right arrow key no news items are displayed?
What can I use as evidence that Bill Gates believes that technology can aid education?
Are you off tomorrow for Election Day, I'm not?
How do people get a hold of celeb candids?
LAX shooting - does anyone agree with me?
I need to write a newspaper article on the Lupercal Races in Julius Caesar!?
When is it okay for the government to attack you?
How would you summarize this?
Is there anyone who still beleives the lies from our lier and chief?
How do I get a touching dedication published?
How would you summarize this?
can you summarize this?
Media and its influence on our society?
why did people complain about the iraq war after it was iraqis who blew up the world trade centre?
What is E-mail address of channel 6 television in Wichita Falls, Texas?
What are some daily worships of animists!? Please help?
Is it just me or did Channel 9 did a kinda crappy broadcast for London 2012 Olympics?
who can i give my writing to?
Did Sex and the City series televise in NZ?
Does anybody know if you can legally distill vodka in the UK (without selling)?
Why are British passports given away so freely?
Why shouldn't scientific findings be released by the media?
How does this event relate to colorblindness (race)?
Another mass stabbing...this time on a bus in Norway. Is this 'cultural'?
Do you think the Los Angeles TSA members are a little harsh on certain people at times?
How does diversity affect Media?
Do you think Bonfire Night (Guy Fawkes) is still worth celebrating?
The media is really p*ss!ng me off! Nobody cares about the Dreamliner anymore!?
So it wasn't just Thatcher 'in bed' with Saville.....who knew Old Tone would?
Why is Germany more economically successful than the UK?
help!, what shall I do? :(?
Yet more sexual abusers who cannot be named because of their age....what kind of people sell a 13 year old?
Why are the traditional white working classes so far right wing ?
Does anyone really think the Obamacare subsidies will stay?
Richmond Hill, Georgia, Missing Man from 8/31/2004!?
What has mass media crreated and what has it destroyed?
Media consent form? What does it need to say?
the usa patriot act enacted after the terrorist attacks of september 11 2001 provided for?
Will Cameron's refusal to?
What is your position on Canada's involvement in Afghanistan?
what is the Israeli palestine conflict and what caused it?
Facebook beheading video - did you watch it?
can a state refuse to let president obama come to speak in thier state about obamacare?
Is there any winner in a full out nuclear war?
How vague will Rebekah Brooks be when she eventually is called to the stand?
why does the media portray Muslims as bad people?
Is there anyone else out there that hates the way the current White House lies to us, as much as I do?
RT News Bureau in New York City (where is it located)?
Why so many Egyptians protest on Mohammed Morsi?
Political union, monetary union, will the EU adopt a linguistic union?
news items on top of home page?
Is it OK to harm 5% of the population to benefit the other 95%?
Should all moslom men wear a burka and let the women wear what they want ?
documentaries which have balance?
Why can you call a German Kraut and not be racist, but if you call a Japanese a Nip you are?
what skills and qualities did the police use in the 7/7 bombings?
Is it non PC to refer to the French as the Frogs these days?
Dylan klebold and Eric Harris columbine killers?
Reason to ban burkha/niqab? Man escapes authorities by dressing in moslemeh drag?
Has anyone experienced telephone calls from this telephone?
Is this case the tip of the ice berg?
most recent news about james jeffrey c. bucknall?
what on earth are they on about now ?
Why is liberal news media so pro-Chris Christie for the Republican presidential nomination?
What do you think of reading the Koran as therapy for being caught up in?
what is a good list of articles about cost of prison inmates?
Moslems rape 300 children and 700 Women in Sweden. Religion of peace?
Why am I not able to see the videos of bigg boss on its site.. which though I used to see b4.. its happening s?
At what age do you start putting news paper down for new puppies?
So they are not all knuckledraggers?
Yet another sham marriage case....should all suspect weddings between Eastern European women and?
Would you eat fish from Fukushima?
More stabbings in London. Is this the price we have to pay to?
Why we need to keep the Royal Mail sell off or give away in the news?
When is it okay for the government to hurt peaceful people?
Mickey's Very Merry Christmas Party help?
Are the police serious about the latest Madeleine McCann suspect?
technological essentialism and social shaping in terms of media and technology?
Lee Harvey Oswald arrived in Oldenzaa on 03 June 1962 by train, but at what time?
Where they trying to tell us something on the film 2012 last night?
Whose effigy should I burn on my bonfire this Wednesday?
Why so little coverage of another massacre of Christians in Nigeria?
what is the role of computer in advertisements?
is House Speaker Nancy Pelosi a Jonestown survivor?
Does the day go \faster\ in the fall?
OMG so Royal Mail shares are now worth £5.89 per share from a sell off price of?
Is the EU trying too hard not to suck?
What do you believe happened to Madeleine McCann?
do you think that there will ever?
Why is US economy solely based on wars?
Is this the best way to learn English for foreign footballers?
Stopping Recommended news stories email?
Why hasn't Chris Christi of New Jersey lost weight?
In light of recent events, is it time for Britain to ban burkas in public places?
And this lot are still at it?
why do chinese breed so fast?
Were the medical staff at Spurs wimps to let AVB bully them?
what tv seriew is better? house of cards or the newsroom and why?
Is it true that Google is partially funded by the NSA?
Who's telling the truth and who's telling lies in Falkirk?
Should the burka be banned immediately in the UK?
Should we be told who these agencies are and what jobs they are advertising both in the UK & Romania?
What Ads will be showing while you are stood at the checkout?
Why is Firion from FF2 on the cover of FF3?
(UK) does this scare you?
Why isn't NSA arresting my friend who said on the phone he was gonna blow up a US embassy in Iran?
Should aircraft passengers be allowed to make voice calls whilst in flight?
How cosy is David Cameron now with best pals Brooks and Coulson?
I want to broadcast my own online TV channel. What are the biggest and best hosters?
Would you describe David Cameron as a little naive?
how much does it cost roughly to rent a large room in the Sydney Exhibition Center for an event?
Why are u peoples think like a child Bcos war ,s not just a game You can ask from so call superpower about Isr?
Are they legalizing cannabis because they just stopped caring?
Following the latest U.S.spying revelations should?
can someone tell me what is obama care?
Choose the claim that is debatable.?
How do you stop getting specific mail through the postal service?
What are some clubs for teens?
When you heard about the alligator at OHare airport, did you assume it was an act of terrorism?
When you heard about the LAX shooting, did you assume Paul Ciancia was a muslim extremeist?
What is sean covey's address?
Where can I find these Chinese current event articles?
T2 bacteriophage?here t2 means?
School Newspaper Article Help?
are we safe from grid ex II? and whats the cause of this?
what is the cause of this grid ex II people talking about ?
why is people saying its going to be a blackout all over the world november13th and 14th?
Central point of an article?
Are we safe from GridEx II?
I need a video of Arnold Schwarzenegger speaking french?
Health care opinions ?
Does the growth of the Savage Nation prove the liberal press are liars, accusers and active participants...?
I want to marry Charles Manson, please tell me how to do so?
Does anyone besides insurance companies like \networks\ of doctors?
What is a good micro-economic article to write about (750 words) in 2013?
can you write a fictional story about a real person(a current politician) where they get impaled for sedition?
is it true that Rupert Murdoch, owner fo Fox News, is an Australian?
Why is OBAMACARE bad for the country?
Is there child labor in North Korea?
What are some topics i can write about?
Are commies and socialists the same thing?
Can you use a picture of a magazine cover in a school newspaper?
What are the two sides fighting in egypt and why?
What Vsauce video talked about a man made Master Chief?
Where is Dzhokhar Tsarnaev now?
For £18 per month you can call back British Gas as many times as you like to fix your boiler- er pardon?
What is your Opinion on Steve Irwin?
Does bill gates is satan?
Was the video of the husband cutting his wife's head off for cheating REAL or Fake?
What would you do if your heating and electric bill was over £5800 a year?
Did the international banking dynasties assassinate Abe Lincon and JFK ?
Is the information media like big brother ?
Do you use a journal to plan out your everyday activities?
me and my girlfriend think we are being stalked. she was in tears this evening. what should i do?
Why are there so many mass shootings since Obama is president?
Black Friday disccounts apply with books?
A 911 question for the government employees who post on this site?
Just wondering is nelsons bay a popular location for schoolies now and if there is clubs?
Has anyone seen JFK: The Smoking Gun that claims a junior hungover secret service agent accidently shot JFK?
What degrees to be a photojournalist?
Question for US readers -is it true?
Does Barrack Obama own you?
Someone help with this homework, its to do with the news and an article that you might have recently read?
Dermatology nurse? How long? Salary for CA?
If everybody already knew about what Snowden released, what was the big stink about?
I'm sure you've (regulars on C&E) have already discussed this before?
Is the country taking advantage of this former soldier?
did rupert murdoch abuse the power of the media or was it all hot air?
how did the Hillsborough disaster start?
who has greater influence on the government, the electorate or unelected lobby groups?
how can we get our news into yahoo news?Is there any approwal prosess?
What were the contents of the original Daily Mirror £5 shopping basket in the 70s?
Processes of how newspaper is made, from tree to shop?
what do you think about giving money to countries like Africa???.?
Did you hear about hurricane Allabu?
CBI says UK businesses want to stay in Europe, was UKIP and their agenda a waste of time and taxpayers money?
What are some controversial issues of being a band director?
Are Glenn and Maggie from the walking dead dating in real life?
Sven and Ulrika - Do we need all the gory details again?
Sven and Ulrika - Do we need all the gory details again?
Can hazing be a good thing to a certain extent? If so how?
Media and communications vs Journalism degree, which should I study?
Is Holly Willoughby only successful because of her looks?
Sky dive-charity? helpppp?
what are the examples of public calamity and national disaster?
Why has Israel become such an important issue today?
Good sources for research info?
Does UNITAID also cover Africa especially Nigeria?
Why do \self respecting\ celebs have to be such vegan leftists?
How many series has sharon osbourne been a judge on xfactor?
Write an article on procastination and lack of ambition?
What are some topics and ideas for a letter to the editor?
Could Coulson have \done a phone\ whilst working at number 10?
What's the big deal with money?
Is bonfire night racist ?
Does media have a direct influence on our life?
How do Tabloid newspapers present the news and appeal to readers?
Why is British law more lenient regarding fireworks on Divali and the Chinese New Year than Bonfire Night?
Who won at the end of world war 1 ?
I'm going to be the best editorial cartoonist. I live in the Toronto area. Where do I start?
Should David Cameron take off his poppy?
Why is it that nobody in the media has bothered to ask Mark Rypien, former American Indian who was QB for the?
Is Forbes magazine angry that President Obama didn't bomb Bashir al-Assad?
Would you agree with this political cartoon regarding Syria?
Would Iraq be having its current problems with al-Qaeda if Hussein had been left in power?
Why would a Twenty-three-year-old Paul Anthony Ciancia with no criminal history do such a thing.?
What do people outside the US think about Obamacare?
Has anyone heard of Albert Pike 33 degree freemason ?
name 4 sources of desk research?
Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold missing video tapes?
What does \owning\ something mean?
are the vamps touring soon?
Lech Walesa Man Of Hope Online?
What are the new evidence for JFK assassination?
Who knows about personal blogs?
what are the new evidence for JFK assassination?
Travel site featured my article without asking me. Copyright Infringement?
Why is every American child now called Taylor or Tyler?
has Sean R. Roberts ever been to china?
Whats your view on the current immigration?
Is it worth it to try to become a film editor?
What channel is the ytma on?
Is radio broadcast/journalism worth getting into?
How come the holiday commercials aren't even being aired yet????
Why do some celebrities @mention a fan on instagram but not write anything in the message to them?
Any good fundraising ideas?
Help find This American Life story w/ The Onion News writer who wrote Harry Potter Books Spark Rise In Occult?
Should people of the world have more fears of?
Does Cabinet Ministers in UK government get a guaranteed Pension?
Why does America get blamed for fast food ?
Why don't you wash your hands after using the toilet?
Let's face it..would you trust the Taliban?
Are Playmobil going to be making a ancient greek range?
Did anyone else notice this?
Another tory U turn, how many so far in this parliament?
How can I unflag a comment I flagged by mistake?
What do you think of Birmingham being rated a better place to visit than London in the New York Magazine?
What do you think about the latest Parliamentary scandal?
Travelling at Mach 6 on HS3, how long would it take to get from London to Edinburgh?
Where do you think Afghanistan will go after 2014?
Could I please have some clarification on my media essay questions?
Should all drugs be made legal in the UK?
Would setting the benefits cap to 15-17k at the next election be more popular and fairer?
Any Islamist terrorist problems in Tunisia?
Why are all the mass shooters rightwing libertarian?
Dont you think it would be a better idea?
what is more economically helpful?
What about a little Eurovision this bright sunny morning?
Will Obama be impeached if he raises the debt ceiling?
How did the US find al-Qaeda in Tora Bora?
Has Nigel Farage committed political suicide and sunk UKIP?
Are Rachel Maddow and Peyton Manning the same person?
Will the UK have to give more aid to India ?
What do you think of A. Hitler? <<war>>?
why are they rioting in prisons in England ?
Why is Afghanistan so good at sports?
Do you have a question that seems to defy the internet?
In the UK what is the general name for companies which run small local newspapers?
UK: After 50 years is the National Theatre a bit of a damp squib?
Will the lax airport shooting affect my gun rights?
Could someone please break down the Immigration legalization debate in America for me?
why did people always said what will the fox say?
present news of VVip cine actress?
Why Pakistan is accusing US for killing Taliban terrorist? Are they happy to breed terrorists in their country?
Foreign aid is a luxury we can't afford?
What REALLY crashed in Roswell, New Mexico in 1947?
What should I write my \media watch paper\ about in relation to global business?
What do a researcher do in fox traveller and do they travel a lot?
I'm looking for an American news interviewer?
explain these types of newspapers?
can someone summarize this article? http://www.project-syndicate.org/commentary/what-is-wrong-with-terrorism-?
are we actually getting more or less time with day lights savings?
China's refugee situation?
Help on this story I have to write?
Is it real that Lee Harvey Oswald never shot a gun on that day?
if the clocks turn back an hour at 2am and i set my alarm for 10am will it go off?
Is the 2013 Pumpkin Chunkin Handicap accessible?
Does anyone know (with a source please) how many ships are hijacked by Somali Pirates annually?
Why is Yahoo! attempting to look like Google?
Things to write in my journal?
where does everyone get most of their news from?
Name of this scientist? He brought freshly killed animals back to life by...?
Documentary name? Scarborough youth violence?
Michael Jackson newspaper?
Hilarious news reporter/sports anchor blooper video?
Is miley cyrus pregnant with juicy J?
Who does a better job spying on you; Google or the NSA?
Quotes about marriage with fallacies in them?
Remember 9/11? Why did World Trade Center building #7 collapse 7 hours after the Twin Towers?
So is Israel going to attack Iran in about 3 weeks or so?
Question about how to cite a news story?
have the shape shifting lizards taken over the asylum ?
Why did the second of the twin towers fall?
Was hitler elected as a leader in Germany before the Holocost. Im pretty sure i saw it in a newspaper yeserday?
Is it just me or are all the social media webistes down?
What does China want to get by supporting North Korea?
help with coming up with a catchy news article title?
Is this site monitored by \them\?
Does CreateSpace apply creative restrictions for beginner writers?
How does the Media portray the family in today's society?
I'm so sad the head of the Taliban was killed today...?
Good but biased news articles on Amanda Knox case?
How old is Terry Wogan?
Black Friday disccounts apply with books?
Toronto Downtown Saturaday Tonight, any good clubs?
What should I get off Amazon for my 13th birthday?
How can Americans learn to save more money?
What are some good websites on the end times or on the recent news?
Events with partying music?
What's the biggest threat to the US and its people?
Is Pakistan still against drone strikes ?
Can I please have some help with anecdotal articles and inverted pyramid articles?
Which IT events goes in Istanbul in November, 2013?
how many years has somalia not had government?
EDL supporters how do you feel about Tommy Robinson handing over your details?
Has social media been hijacked by corporations?
was there a story about a guy stopped at pakistan border armed with only a sword years ago?
why don't my local news work on my yahoo?
Where are some good venues to host a high school dance in Toronto?
did the internet kill TV?
Why change the name of the Washington Redskins?
Dr Christian Jessen has a boner (Picture)?
Would you care if the........................?
How would you describe The Huffington Post?
herman lay award 2009 casey ward?
Is china as bad as North Korea?
What is your opinion about US Drone attacks over Pakistan and Afghanistan?
on yahoo news yesterday a family of three gets 526 dollars a month for foodstamps.?
Anyone else disturbed by this?
do you believe that civil war is coming to the west?
Why is so many pieces of Internet news provocative?
warren buffet newspapers?
what drives suicide bombers...is a case of fanatism or what?
my order status on hurricane mop?
Does my intro to my story sound interesting?
Why is David Cameron pro islam in the UK?
do you believe war is coming to the west?
FCA page for the yearbook !?
In the channel (Gma news tv) schedule what is that show were Jennica garcia is in she loves this guy so much?
Major events in the development of journalism as we know it today?
What are U.S.A's chances of remaining superpower in the next 40yrs?
Do you think those big ultra loud fireworks that go \boom\?
Are Royal Mail just a bit embarrassed?
Scottish Independence should start by?
Is Obama overseeing the destruction of the Republic of the United States?
Almost 2 million DNA profiles removed from the database (UK)?
Do we have another BIG STORM this weekend - right now in the SW (N.Cornwall?
When will the United States ban corporal punishment?
Why on earth would people commit a murder like this?
Should Kathleen Sebelius resign because of the Obamacare Website being messed up?
How do I make myself stop shaking??
Why do firemen strike on the one night?
How long will it be before this waste of health and money snack will be in an Inner-City Bodega (Candy Store)?
What do you guys think of the \new\ Miley Cyrus?
where can I find the raw copy of the NSA files? [the documents leaked by Snowden.]?
Do you know Bill Bailey ?
is it right that british firms are recruiting in eastern europe. even saying no english required?
Rebekah Brooks. Why on earth would someone having an affair from 1998/2004 get married to Ross Kemp in 2002?
So Newsnight embraces the US import of Halloween?
In america they are addicted to guns. That is their choice..mass shootings go on ...?
It Tory chairman Shapps business deal 'may' constitute an offence of fraud why is he not being charged?
How can people \own\ land?
have you heard that less crime happens at the start of the day?
The Educational Reform - What do you think?
I see Newsnight has become a horror show?
Costume ideas using American leaders or events?
Why do democrats hate gay marriage but love the death penalty?
i want a summary about a short trending news (not more than 1 page) ?
Why is it everytime there is a public shooting, the media jumps in calling it?
What are some issues that are not widely publicized?
Why are the news claiming a \dummy\ was a LAX shooting victim?
Is http://www.aljazeera.net/portal arab best Broadcast corporation. Indeed. So Can we call it :ABC?
What is Tamil Maalai in Sun TV ?
When do you ever feel like tooting your horn about something wonderful that happened in your life ?
do you support the program -organ harvesting from dead prisoner? and why?
No longer able to switch back yahoo mail with multiple tabs, because FIREFOX update?
Why would a mom and stepfather send a teen daughter to Siberia?
Who is the biggest threat to america?
Is it true that China is building a nuclear bomb and releasing on east and west coasts?
Why are sports on the news?
When did Paramount Pictures start using their \A Viacom Company\ byline?
gas prices in year 1971?
Recruiting candidates for election is an important focus of...?
Who is the hottest woman on Fox News?
Do you know it is said in North Korea, there's lots of natural resources?
Anyone know about Lemmings?
About time the food stamp crap is cut...?
Will the 2013 Jonas Brothers tour merch go on sale on the website?
Whats the effect of this apposition in a newspaper article?
Why do meat serving restaurants have vegitarian options for vegitarians BUT vegitarian restaurants dont have?
Whats the effect of this apposition in a newspaper article?
Write an article about how Cubans were treated by Spain using \yellow journalism\?
TSA learn your lesson yet?
Documentary topic idea?
LAX shooting tied to New World Order???!!!?
Why did Obama state...\You can keep your?
Why is Megan Fox considered beautiful?
If you had to name the 10 greatest people in history, how many of them would be of the female variety?
What is the tools and materials i need if i want to do outdoor journalism?
is there a Visitation valley school prarde in the TV news?
will the tsa now be armed?
Drone Strikes are the only way & the Future?
What Does The Fox Say?
What woud you change in this article?
Aproximately two weeks ago you had a news/article on your home page, The article was about a new popular diet?
husband deceased as of November 22, 2012, the subscription was his. want to cancel it, Mrs. Wm Trent?
what do you call the person who finds the guest for a radio show?
Why does Miley Cyrus have so much money?
What can readers do to share with others?
What is the Difference Between showtime and Katy Perry Showtime?
Documentaries made by high schoolers?
Are there any upcoming events that would allow me to get the Delphos dress?
Why does american government think they rule the world?
What are the negatives to Social Media Ranking? Klout?
what are surprises you have researched on uranus?
what are surprises you have researched on uranus?
Does adrian chiles do the announcements at new street?
What do you think about couples who meet on Instagram or Facebook?
Israel targets Hezbollah weapons in Syria.?
Would this speech be just as relevant today?
What would happen if the US got rid of it's nukes tomorrow?
Michael Jackson victory tour?
Michael Jackson victory tour?
Why can't we have moderates running the government and media?
Is it true that only a whopping 6 people enrolled in Obamacare on October 1?
How can I make money as a 13 year old girl?
Does miley cyrus take drugs?
Why should the United States remain involved in global affairs?
Where is Obama's stand at with the Strike against Syria. (as of this moment?)?
Can someone help me find this interview, please?
what is the best social media site of India??Where can i get all the news and media on topics i care about?
Is the bag ban in some California counties going to accomplish anything?
Can someone help me find 4 problems in Henderson NC, Vance , Oxford or surrounding counties?
Why is everyone killing each other?
This Morning on ITV +1 not legal?
If terror tags on legs on 'devout' Muslims get damaged during prayer where should the?
What is the difference between a correspondent and news section?
AS english language coursework? magazine editorial ideas? please help.?
Will Hallmark make a card to celebrate the birth of this new gender?
Is this another innocent attending a wedding?
how can I get in touch with Ron Howard?
Paul GAMBACCINI now??? Say it ain't so; Wasn't he the first to sneer at Savile?
What will the 2014 housing bubble do to our economy ?
Why can I not ask anon on ask.fm?
What are some secondary and primary sources of micheal vicks dogfighting and animal cruelty case?
So what did Rupert Murkdoch lose out of the phone hacking scandal?
Abused by 100+ men of no particular race or religion?
Why did Courtney love kill Kurt Cobain ?
why are the rss feeds to huffington post, usatoday and the weather empty?
whether social sites be treated as media?
Has the mystery of the disappeared couple, bodies in the garden and 'family?
Life sentence for Andy Coulson?
Is Coco Martin and Julia Montes Loving?
What impact did Ida B. Wells have on the civil rights movement in the late 1800s? A. She wrote articles an?
How should someone who grafitis on a war memorial be punished?
Were Asda right to ask this customer to leave their store?
Which news site/group is independent or unbiased in India?
Who presented the BBC Radio 3 Breakfast show from 2007?
Which are the unbiased and independent of any influence, news groups or news sites around the world?
Where is Nicole Kidman Photo Gallery website ?
If A and B are matually exclusive events in S such that P(A)=0.29 and P(B)=0.43 find P'(AUB')'?
Do any other reporters have issues getting people to interview?
Oli light comes on what do I do?
The neighborhood call police only on me but not others, HELP ME?
Why does the Guardian newspaper refuse to put a poppy on it's front page?
Is the truth ( in her case) sicker than fiction?
Television has a negative effect on children?
How can i find out details about murders in Walthamstow, East London?
Has the Loch Ness monster moved south for the winter?
Is this insensitive reporting considering a young woman was beaten to death?
True or False: The Eagles now have a German Tribute band called Der Spiegels?
Isn't it a good thing the dog had a child friendly name?
we provide bartender,foreigner bartender hostesses manpower, etc for private parties, call 9999422412?
Has the HS2 railway taken a further step forward today?
Isn't this long overdue in view of the determination to convict Lawrence killers?
is bomb blast a man made disaster?info about it?
should the Tory party be banned?
How can £190 be justified by Dr Martens for Chinese boots?
How many of the '54 gangs' have been convicted?
A driving ban? Wasn't he already banned from driving when he drove his car into?
What do you eat when driving?
Why isn't there an MP asking why ginger actors have to go to the US to?
Is this black MP right about black actors needing to go to the US for good acting?
what's the best smartphone on the market today?
Is being illiterate a convenient excuse for a scammer exaggerating her injuries?
Should Milliband be judged by the company he keeps?
£3.7 billion a year 'wasted' on illegals.....why are some people eager to?
where can i find articles written pre 19 century and post 19th century thanks in advance!?
£1 million payoff to go from one trust...but rehired a few weeks later.....do these NHS trusts not?
Do the 'welfare classes' read food columns in the Guardian?
good interesting topics for articles for school magazzine????
Are 'Mayors against illegal guns' really just 'Mayors against guns'?
Poor Maddie McCann am i the only one who think her parents are guilty?
Why is life so cheap in Britain today?
John J McCloy and the Notorious 1951 Amnesty?
Creative writing about refugees?
What do you think of a person charged with 32 rapes and indecent asaults on 15 girls under 16 getting bail?
Old Bailey Trial: Isn't this the sort of defence barrister we want to see?
Interview questions for a project?
Does anybody else worry for the future of america?
What is a good speech topic about America in the 1960's?
Why is everyone's today obsessed with NSA?
Remember when there was nothing to do in the 70s except have sex?
what do you think about this guy's video?
How did Adna Chaffee die?
Isn't it sad that even obama's own party is looking forward to electing a new president in 2016?
Halloween gets worse and worse every year?
Why stop and frisk policy violating civil rights of minorities?
How long will GridEx II last? And what is the schedule of events for GridEx II?
was aaron burr justified in challenging hamilton to a duel?
PLEASE HELP 2 articles on the same topic with oppsibg views.?
Was the American War justified? Why or Why not?
is there any speacial thing that happens on november 1st?
what are your thoughts about Kurt Cobain's death?
Summarize this article in 5 sentences?
What did Machinima do to Ross Scott of Freeman's Mind?
Articles relating to Duck Dynasty?
Casey Heynes. Why did he become so popular?
Current event speech on Adderall abuse by college students?
Which of this word's do you like best. It is for social media site. 1. Boonzine.? 2, BoonArk.? Need HELP?
Does the new Royal Charter mean that freedom of speech in UK is dead?
Amanda Knox acquitted or Italian justice system to embarrass whole country?
Who else agrees that Stop- and- Frisk will be back in use in NYC by the NYPD?
Do any \southern\ Americans still want independence from the \North\?
How should I put together my journalism clips if I am supposed to submit them online?
can someone tell me in detsil their experience with using avid media composer?
Just watched Question Time BBC. I'm a Scottish Nationalist, how do I become a panelist ?
Is Obama likley to make another anti gun push?
HELP !!!!!!!!! correction?
Will a power grid drill ruin the holidays?
Newspaper I should read???
Is Africa ruled by a president or a king?
where do most cowboys live?
Who is the best Press Agent in Britain?
Will the petrodollar die soon?
Is there any articles about a stalker that killed somebody they met online?
can someone explain the France dilemma with France banning the muslim veil? what else did they ban? does anyon?
I am trying to find an article I read a while back?
Do propaganda posters ever include a written explanation?
Good documentary on the effect of 9/11 on world politics?
Is the Zimmerman defense a blue print for murder?
Help with CNN Student News questions 11/1/13?
What are the Saturday and Sunday night \gangs,\ in to kill a mockingbird?
What happened to penny for the guy?
I need some anti proxy websites ,i live in iran and as u know after the election we are in awful situation.?
Anime convention questions?
why are they blabbering about the Travon Martin case right on?
What is a current event in the world that defies human rights?
what time is the Live Action Mario Party at youmacon 2013?
need to know some actual news topics?
10 most important events that happened in the United States this year?
To Kill A Mockingbird; Tom's trial?
For those of you beauty/ fitness/ life bloggers who have thousands of followers on all their social networks..?
For those of you beauty/ fitness/ life bloggers who have thousands of followers on all their social networks..?
What say you? - CNN reports a new low for Obama approval rating & the republicans rating is even lower.?
What factories dump in the Gowanus Canal?
How is life in Australia?
should non-payment of a TV licence be decriminalised?
Is Obama hiding something sinister about what happened in Benghazi?
Is it necessary to breast feed in public or in the swimming pool?
Which State is a Sponsors of Terrorism?
What is it with the BBC and paedophilia?
Has George Osborne been vindicated for his austerity policies previously criticised by Blanchard (IMF)?
Why cannot the lower income limit for Obamacare marketplace subsidies be moved down to close the coverage gap?
Should Benefits Receivers be allowed to have cable, computers and flash cars?
why do we have Halloween?!?
If you were to compete to be the fattest in the village....?
Is there any news website Macklemore?
If Brooks and Coulson didn't know what was going on...................?
\Pointless\ if you took out the inane chatter of Alexander Armstrong, we'd be done in 15 minutes?
What type of article is this?
Who is the first chief minister of tamil nadu?
How many unsolved missing persons cases/unsolved murders are there a year in America?
Brooks and Coulson had a six year affair. Does that have any relevance?
What are we going to do about this? http://superstore.wnd.com/White-Girl-Bleed-A-Lot-Autographed-Paperback?
\Belgium considering whether to allow sick CHILDREN to end their own lives through euthanasia\?
why do I get a message Failed when I try to read an article on Yahoo News?
How many of the Cons who are crying about Obama's 'Keeping your plan' are upset because...?
Have you noted any above outages in your computer services sence Obamacare hit the net?
What do you think of sarah palin ?
In a newspaper article...?
Why does yahoo news always spew liberal garbage?
I have to write an obituary?
whats a good, easy editorial topic?
Write a story called THE LIE? how will i go about this guys?
Torontonians: Why does Mayor Rob Ford always look like he's high?
Telephone Hacking case, what do you think about the Brooks / Coulson 6 yr. affair?
What happens to smuggling tunnels after they are closed?
Anyone see news on unpaid sports star?
What ethnicity is the porn star proxy paige?
could anybody else do better than obama ?
URGENT 10+ POINTS FOR QUICK ANSWER ..CAN THE MEDIA STEAL YOUR FACEBOOK PICTURES AND PUT THEM IN THE NEWSPAPER?
So what was your view of SKY's new court TV and it's *STAR* A. Cameron QC?
Is this a fair punishment?
problems that media managers encounter?
COURT PROCEEDINGS TO BEGIN SHORTLY ON SKY NEWS, it screams; will they be after 'sexy' cases...?
what would you do if you were prime minister of great britain?
Which nation is the epicentre of terrorism?
Currently, what is a good smart phone for surfing the internet?
Need help about fued.?
Onion contents nothing,y people worry about its price hike?
So now Obama is going out and telling American's HE will pick your Insurance for you?
How long before Miley Cyrus is found dead, or not?
daily allowence new rate?
should china pass new law -drone targeting against terrorist like hiding in usa ?
What do you think about this YouTube channel?
Is there any ETF(Emergency Task Force) foundation or ETF team in INDIA ?tell me about it.?
Does the United States still ban stem cell research?
Will we ever hear the end of the Trayvon Martin case?
Can most westerners distinguish North and South Korea?
Has the 'University of the bleedin obvious' been at work here?
How come you can celebrate the death of Thatcher, but not Steven Lawrence?
what are some ideas that you can add in a news report about weather and climate?
Pointless (BBC) when they say they asked 100 people etc..which 100 people?
Since the NSA knows more about you than you know about yourself. Why can't they furnish the answers.?
What are we fighting for in Afghanistan?
If a parent is financially struggling is freezing pocket money and treats bullying your child?
why no foreign media is attacking usa media arbitrarily singled out Huaiwei on espionage charge?
Where is the logic in Obamacare?
why foreign media is attacking CCTV media coverage of Starbucks unethical practice?
People do you think Malala Yousuf is a FRAUD?
Can I get thrissur edition of Malayala Manorama daily news paper fot the date 1st February 2008?
25 women attacked in October for not having a male escort. Insulting Islam is taboo.?
Has terrorism now gone to China.?
channel nine seems to be having a one hour news service. is this permanent?
Is politcs and conspiracies are form of brainwashing?
How many people go missing and are never found in America annually?
If logical reasoning is an accurate test, is a republican form of government a partisan principle?
How many agree that the Web Crash is the best thing that could have happened for OBAMCARE ?
Posting a picture of a person on my blog?
what happened to america being self-dependent with oil?
what is this article about?
Will Jay Leno be hired by another network?
Documentary on Debt ceiling?
What are the people on welfare going to pay?
For thet people that has been on welfare for years...?
How can Britain contribute to increases in profits or population ?
Has Rolling Stone mag. ever issued an apology for the cover with the bomber?
what is your honest opinion on miley cyrus ?
Why do people like What Does the Fox Say?)?
how do i write an exciting story?
historical events of electrical storms that have happened in Puerto Rico or U.S.?
Benefits of domestic surveillance by the NSA out way harms?
Why are there so many 911 questions unanswered?
How do you figure out the audience of an article?
Why Miley Cyrus of age?
Why Miley Cyrus of age?
Where did the money come from to fund the 911 hijackers?
Net Neutrality – New Rules in US?
Is Obamacare a death sentence for American health care?
Controversial issues in network security?
Is there an Inevitable War with China?
Why is everyone making a big deal out of Trayvon Martin?
why doesn't Obama ever accept blame when things go wrong in his Administration?
Any big news events in the U.K?
Are there many douchebags in the UK?
when are the nobel prizes awarded?
If Kevin Trudeau claims in Your Wish Is Your Command you can have, be, and do anything you desire...?
Who else is tired of reading and hearing about so-called racial profiling while shopping?
is the Texas chainsaw massacre based on a real story?
Why do I keep having to block members that I REALLY LIKE on this new system? Why is this happening?
Why is Nestle wanting to privatize water?
Mom’s Message to Pumpkin Thief Goes Viral: Got any stories of sweet revenge?
can someone help with a summary i just need a quick overview to help me qnswer some questions ?
Why does the government want to stop the merger of American Airlines and US Airways?
Will Obama-care force vaccination on Americans?
I NEED help!!!! How can i scare people! please help asap.?
Will GridEx II Effect The State Of Ohio?
how has the media shaped society's view on the possible existence of aliens?
Where can I find old newspapers?
Why has Japan always been so hostile to the neighboring countries?
how do you find an old news report?
What are your ideas of an alternative to Obamacare?
what do you think about my story?
Would I ever make a good newsreader? ;)?
Does anybody know how to respond directly to a comment on Guardian's \Comment is Free\ section?
Will any radio stations air \War of the Worlds\ tonight?
Is Elbridge Gerry a Federalist?
UK, will you be celebrating Halloween tomorrow night?
Japan destroyed my country and it is the fundamental reason why my country still remains divided?
Do you believe that You are known by the company you keep?
Would Tom Hardy be the first actor to come to mind when casting for Elton John?
why are taliban soldiers always dirty looking when captured?
Do you recognise 'Graham' from Boston, Lincolnshire?
Is sleeping with your socks dangerous?!?
So what happened to \Yes We Can\?
Was it a good idea to bring back Ricki Lake and Arsenio Hall from the 90's?
Is having too much self belief bad for you?!?
Do you love you mobile phone because you can sit and watch porn on it all day?
are andy biersack and juliet simms dating?
What will happen if i goet banned on chatrulette. Will this info go to the police.?
Do you enjoy reading the news, or books, or both?
How can I research into current affairs with greater depth?
Royal Mail strike cancelled?
U.S spying on Germany?
Did servicemen pay subs from their wages to the NAAFI?
Which International Relation theory relates to electronic privacy and surveillance privacy?
why did the government shutdown in september?
Does anybody know the number for today's pick your purse contest on mix 93.3 at 1pm?
Am I the only one who finds?
Why can't Yahoo comments be sorted by popular?
do you think the UK would be safer today?
i signed for a news letter said they sent acceptance, can't find it in my e/mail?
Why aren't you in love with Carol Vorderman..................?
90'S TV show made to look like fake news broadcast?
How can I watch something that was broadcasted earlier on live stream?
I need opinionated articles/videos about the crime control model and due process model of justice.?
Was oh simpson found guilty of murder and why is the trial so famous?
How do you think the world will look like after 2 decades?
Connecticut Govenor Dan Malloy, goor or bad governor?
Whites are the last unhyphenated group in America, does that make us, by default, the only REAL Americans?
So you still think osama bin laden is dead?
Why isn't Chris Brown in Prison?
What exactly is a Media Studies degree about?
Doublespeak articles?
What's going on with the whole healthcare.gov website?
What are some good, recent news articles about these topics?
Current event/internation relation help!?
What is a good boys soccer headline for yearbook my story is about how close they are. like brothers?
What is this article on university fees saying?
What is the economy like in your city?
Write an article about..?
Could this be a third option in the disappearance of Madeleine McCann?
Can someone please give me a detailed summary for documentary \Southern Comfort\?
Are healthcare website issues an intended distraction from real issues?
Recent gas and electricity prices.?
Don't you think that Diane Abbot would make a good PM?
what are Democrat and republicans plan for cutting spending?
Why OPEC fail to keep price of oil high by long run in 1980s?
Should people really be surprised of recent spying activities?
Do you have any real stories on ACA, good or bad.?
How can I permanently change my content preferences?
Should we be concerned with deficit?
Should we be concerned about the deficit in the USA?
Race card is now started on Ebay when you dont accept bids outside UK?
Why do you think a rubbish tax should be imposed?
Winner's testimony or Winner Testimony? And what are the margins in making a news article?
has tory flexible workforce created a situation where over 95% of low paid workers do not pay NI, also?
Is Obama the \know nothing\ president?
Should the attack on the Ambassador and the American compound in Benghazi been treated as a act of war?
What is wrong with North Korea?
Why with constant problems with currency do we not look to change the current system?
Careers in the media industry?
Would the US goto war against EU or Greece?
What other countries pay for one in EEU?
How do you feel about that?
Use the 4 Agreements as a lens to view political agendas?
Is this a funny mock- news article? Would it pass muster at The Onion?
If Israelites are so smart, why are some so Zionist?
Is Abdul Aziza Hakim of Iraq good or bad?
Should taxpayers be able to choose?
Can anyone think of ways to better Barney's New York's image through PR?
using celeb's pic in my profile at a company's web?
Best Site For News, Discounts & Deals in Hyderabad?
Is Deccan Chronicle an unbiased newspaper in Chennai?
Did you see the woman on BBC breakfast who took her kids on holiday during school time?
Why scandal stops everything?
how old is Bill Gates?
Who is this kid who later became famous doing something else ..............?
Is this news a US-based diversionary tactic to take attention away from the NSA snooping scandal?
What are our government doing about the Romanians and Bulgarians, December 31st 2013?
what are the trends,concepts& challengess faced by 21st century publishers & journalist?
HS2 cost went from £33bn to £43bn and like the Olympics, guess what......?
Should kids be allowed to go on holiday in term time?
What ways in which modern day Journalist can thrive?
could american people able to force their govt stop spying on their own citizen and world leader?
What would've happened if Diane Feinstein's federal gun ban passed?
Why do they allow them bail?
what ways in which modern day Journalist can thrive?
How on earth did she 'keep her cool'?
Will Miliband take Straw's advice?
Why didn't Ed Balls get advice before sacking Shoesmith?
Can someone help me find a murder report for a specific address?
ACA the good, the bad, i want to hear it all!?
essay help, where to find news articles?
How do I take my mind off the Newtown shooting?
I am South Korean, i want North Korea to collapse, is there anything i can do?
honest questions on obamacare (ACA) has it helped or hurt you? Real stories please.?
Why are celebs treated special by the law?
Why newspapers in india are partial towards techies?
Is sports journalism just about writing, or is there photography involved as well?
Does the need to fight terrorism justify constraints on individual freedoms? If so why?
What do i need to study to become a journalist?
What Are Your Thoughts On Madeleine McCann?
should I report this to sams club?
Why will North Korea never start a full attack on the South?
what does lobo events pay?
whats a GOOD documentary to watch that is about something dark and disturbing?
What is the current issue with the NSA right now?
Someone please help me.....?
*Paparazzi essay- which title do you like?
I'm so worried about these illuminati conspiracies?
What Is GridEx II, And How Long Will This Last, And What Is The Significance Of GridEx II?
I need help citing a website?
Is it true you can hear the Spanish across the Atlantic even without tapping their phones?
Do I have E coli? The outbreak type?
I am going/want to go for Public Affairs major and I want to know, is this a good major? can I find work?
Is there a way to watch Dave Channel (UK) in the US?
Saint Jordan of saxony?
Will Americans give this Pakistani family as much coverage and fame like they did to Malala Yusufzai?
What are some current International topics to give a speech about?
Question regarding History and Journalism (please let me know ASAP)?
I need help with some interview question?
What does it mean if a cause of death is omitted from an obituary?
Is America Safer after 13 Years of War Against Terror?
I need help citing websites?
Interesting Things To Write About?
Killing innocent people with Drones?
Why are people starving in syria?
Will the NWO find excuses to attack Iran soon or will they still want Syria first?
Help with Argumentative essay for Israeli Palestine conflict?
Controversial Topics?
How many of Obama's DACA dreamers have killed children?
What do you think of this factual story?
For those of you that voted for Obama?
Anyone notices all the emergency alerts on tv lately?
Can you give me a good example of propaganda ?
Yearbook headline help?
Argument essay about Larry King?
Is there a template for an Old Chicago style sited paper?
HS2 is it a bit expensive to build this for Chelsea fans on away days ?
How can a British monarch also be an independent Scottish monarch at the same time?
If you could go to any time in history, where and why would you go?
Is 333 year going to be an issue?
Will the American spy's find anything interesting on yahoo answers ?
If you were President of the USA, how would you solve our financial problems?
If you were going to be executed in the USA, would method would you choose?
do you think the anti-bullying champaign is turning our kids into soft victims?
Why can't we see that the nhs is so much better than going private?
Bachelors degree in Film and Media Studies with minor in Sociology, what do you think?
What degree should I get for Journalism?
Is ask.fm revealing all anon questions?
what event sparked the arab spring? what caused this individual to take the action? what is the arab spring?
Do you think we are witnessing the end of Spain?
Is £600.000 enough compensation for Sharon Shoesmith for the loss of her job ?
How do I go about solving a cold case?
Isreal questions. please answer?
Why is social media not used by governments so we can cast our votes on big decisions?
Should Alex Salmond pay back the £1,450 of taxpayer money he spent on handing out Saltires during the Olympics?
defamation of character?
Has this woman got a genuine case as to why she's been drawing our taxes for two decades?
What if everyone was a dinosaur?
Will the Islamic banks give better interest rates than the current banks for savers ?
Do you think Ed milliband's face looks like ?
Should Gas suppliers profit from selling Gas or would that be too cruel to customers?
Just look what political correctness has done to our people?
Is health day a print media source?
why usa govt and its powerful media is using yahoo as a scapegoat in the Shi Tao case to intimidate other?
what does indicative content mean in relation to an assignment? content i have to include?
why snowden get no award from any usa human right group,amnesty,ngo, journalist freedom vs shi tao?
Hello Americans! Why you dumbies took Piers Morgan off of our hands?
Is this a joke or are they taking the?
important historical events since 1998?
What happen to the 2 teenagers that kidhap by a swamp ape or bigfoot in 2009,?
does sharon shoesmith deserve?
Will the USA be in better shape at the end of Obama's term as president?
Could anyone explain to me in plain English how HS2 can be of the proposed benefit to the country?
Are you surprised that the white house admitted that some people might lose health insurance?
What are the criteria for pubblishing a book or journal in amazon pdf? Please help?
HS2 for or against..........?
Is this true or not ?
Does any one know about an article they read before thats i might do research on plz i need help?
What is a \Front Page Flop\ ?
It is good to have political competion?
Story line about schizophrenic person?
Do you think that the current sentences handed out by the Judges are too lenient to be a deterrent?
What Is Obamas next move anybody know?
Mr.Micheal Lester is he an officer with yahoo?
Would China Attack U.S if......?
Vientam reaction to 911?
Has Bt decided no longer to allow comments about news items.?
Should the U.S. wage a \War on Intelligence and Logic\, because .....?
A game gone wrong? What kind of game ends with a knife sticking out of a players head?
what are australias views on refugees/asylum seekers?
why usa media refuse to remove their propaganda content from their actual report?
What do you think of the top executives for gas companies?
why usa media are less eager to cover occupy wall street brutal crackdown than other media?
Where is the wisdom on releasing 'over stayers' and those suspected of entering into sham?
Did he forget he needs to pee too?
Is four years ( or two in reality) enough prison time for such a violent thug?
The end of antibiotics? According to the CDC...?
How do I find job listings for being part of a film and television production crew openings?
I need a title for a \smoking is bad\ article?
Lol Should we be bringing American troops over here to be trained properly?
Just when you thought you'd seem it all a sad neglected baby is found?
'Savile Accused Found dead' - Was this a fair front page spread in a national papers?
WHY IS THE BIBLE AKLWAYS PRINTED IN COLUMNS?
How can the world help stop Israeli terrorism in Palestine?
Could 'Pay-as-you-go' motoring turn out to be more expensive?
CAN YOU please help me to explain all in article 3::bill of rights and what your opinion about this article?
Why do the women on Fox all have there shirts hiked up so high.?
philippine bill of rights article 3 section 8&9 explanation?
What do you think should be done after the most recent mass shootings?
I can't believe i met selena gomez?
Does anyone know the time and date willow farm in Essex are having their fireworks ?
What's a good column name for school newspaper about the community?
What happened to Dave Pelzer?
What is Press Credentials and why it is important for Journalists?
Will non-Muslims be eligible to invest in David Cameron's new Sharia Bond scheme?
Scottish nationalists: how do you react to the £125 million loan guarantee from Westminster to Grangemouth?
How to write an article based on a rumour? How to question or indirectly ask the culprit?
is it fair for some people to ask hk chief ,cy leung to resign when he only serve for one year ?
Anniston star obituaries?
Question about Rebekah Brooks and 'Conspiring to illegally intercept communications: '?
Do we British actually take a blind bit of notice of Weather Forecasts?
Anyone explain how justice is seen to be done?
how many countries in the world signed the kyoto protocol?
Ideas about Journalism on Politicians?
Question about sports and video games and it's relations to the news.?
is there any articles about why people murder?
Without insurance company ratings are consumers potentially going to get ripped off by ObamaCare .gov?
Is NIPF(Nat'l Intel Priorities Framework) the first step to Sky Net?
What is a reporting frame in writing?
no proof for Bin laden's death up until now?
Indians Only: Why is BJP ripping Nitish's government apart?
When do you think Norman reedus and Cecilia Singley will break up?
Does the NSA also spy on Israel?
is ask.fm going to reveal anon askers on october 29 2013?
Did you see 60 mins yesterday?
John Brown trial???????
What do you think of The Young Turks show?
Controversial topics for a speech?
Freedom of speech question?
Because of the spying on germany im wondering. What would happen if the u.s and germany fought?B?
How did Obama go 5 years and not know the NSA was spying on out allies? What about fast and furious? Benghazi?
Why are Indians so obsessed with skin colour?
how can i report listia.com?
What are some current controversial issues?
is charlie sheen dying of aids?
I need examples of current event that are happning in montreal?
When is the walking dead on? And what channel?
What is a good inquiry project idea?
What are the 5 core components in print media?
I need to find an article about the Kenyan mall massacre that was written very shortly after. Look down first?
Would you rather have Alshon Jeffery or Eric decker?
I need to fill up page on propaganda. If you now anything help!?
IS ASK.FM REALLY REVEALING ALL ANON QUESTIONS?!?
IS ASK.FM REALLY REVEALING ALL ANON QUESTIONS?!?
How to watch geo restricted channel etv2 in usa? What shall be done to view them in USA? What service?
Is there article that was written about the Kenayn mall massacre while it happened? Look down before answering?
what to do in stoke on trent?
what to do in stoke on trent?
yahoo complaints news?
When thousands of bloggers are paid to flood social media with glowing support of Obamacare ?
Can you become a journalist or a news presenter without a degree?
anyone else indifferent lou reed is dead?
Chromebook Forced Proxy HELP?
If it could be reliably shown that Twinkies cause more American deaths than terrorists....?
Hey Neocons, Why Was The Patriot Act Great, But Obama 's Monitoring Bad?
I am an aspiring journalist but concerned about the wage?
Why were whites so angry at the OJ verdict and blacks mostly supportive of OJ?
In Your Opinion On the Obama/Merkel Snooping Thing:?
I have been told that metered electricity is cheaper than unmetered?
Why do they hate us? Not because of Iraq.?
the bad storm hitting the southern regions disruption of transport?
I saw Kraken yesterday what should i do?!?
Do artists and writers still follow our troops in war today? Why or why not?
One Direction interview help?
Why is spying on our allies so bad?
Why have the Eoropean leaders got a problem with the US and UK spying on them?
Are energy companies raising prices due to the fact we are using more economic household appliances?
Give me a specific example of religious conflict in the news and history behind it? Look down before answering?
Has anyone else noticed this?
did president bush start the economic crisis we are currently in?
What universities in Wisconsin are best for Journalism?
can you find a 1992 obituary for Maxine Lobben?
Why is the 'blonde angel' getting international media attention?
Good person to do a biographical speech on?
Why did the US government only consider one company to make the Obamacare website?
Is the Obamacare website mess a good example of how inefficient our government is?
What good deed have you done or been a recipient of lately?
Online resources or archives on past trials and court cases?
Why green & red on BBC today?
Do you.think glen from the walking dead will die as he has got the illness?
Post capture interview for John Wayne Gacy?
why so much news about Obama care?
when did mj go into debt?
article angles over banksy?
Do Scottish nationalists who want to escape \right wing\ England realise that...?
The best solution for rape cases?
Is it possible to call your child \Number 16 Bus Shelter\ in the UK, what are the pros and cons?
In the 40's the British executed fascists, what has changed?
How long will Ian Watkins from Lostprophets get sentenced for?
Could parliament hang, draw and quarter the treasonous plebgate policeman for his high treason?
What would happen if France got a Muslim majority?
What is wrong with the Great Central Route for HS2?
Where can I find an archive of old newspapers online for free?
How is Obama Care going to hurt?
where can i find articles on the impacts of magazines?
When does Geneva II conference end?
Is Scotland's first satellite an act of aggression and precursor to ICBM nuclear warhead weaponry?
Will Cameron be called as a witness?
why is the US spying on everyone? its clearly not anti terrorism?
Courage on to Kill A Mockingbird?
Where are my motorcycle photo's housed in Yahoo email system ?
what jobs can you get with a journalism degree?
Is this another pointless death at the hands of vigilante?
Is America bugging the Israelis?
Do you think its become easier/harder to find a job?
who is the daily herald aimed at?
Does the sheer scale of this dreadful wastage make you want to weep?
Will humans ever be united?!?
need help to write a newspaper article about Johnny Tremain by Esther Forbes?
Does anyone watch Four Rooms (CH4) here?
Why is Morrisons own bread such poor quality?
has Goves demonising of the teaching profession, reduced him to hiring graduates with third class degrees?
Do you think that, to Americans, the demise of Twinkies was a bigger deal than NSA spying on Americans?
Is there nothing they won't share?
How to make this sound more like a newspaper article? Need help with the tone?
Need help for my newspaper article please?
Is this the 'dress' she forgot to wear to 'perform' on the X-factor?
Why don't people who want to put Britain on Berlin Time just get up an hour earlier?
Is it fair to describe 'Unite' as bullies led by a Neanderthal?
misuse of percentages - Media reports?
How much lower can the 'art world' go if this is 'art' ?
Are they busy reinventing the wheel?
is it ironic that cameron is subsidising france and china £1bn every year to build our nuclear power stations?
Which social media/network is the best?
Will Rebekah Brooks' memory be refreshed now she is at the Old Bailey?
What did i miss this past two months?
Why is this serious nuclear disaster in Japan being downplayed by many experts as no big deal?
Should be finally be deported? Twice he avoided it and now a woman has her life destroyed...?
UK QE has failed, says quantitative easing inventor. cameron wasted £365bn on QE, where has the money gone?
Should all workers get the same level of protection as the Police against being attacked at work?
why was JP Morgan fined a record $5.1billion, why have uk bankers escaped punishment?
why is a tory £100m funded apprenticeship training company facing administration, was this money well spent?
government austerity, why is cameron spending billions on HS2, where does this money come from, shouldnt?
Typically how long are concerts at Mohegan Sun?
Did you realize that Christians are persecuted in so many countries?
suggest me some ideas in ad mad show on the topic 'Youtube\?
Cameron said he is frustrated by dominance of big six energy suppliers, who privatised the utility companies?
Your Thoughts On Smoking Weed In My Situation?
Why is Yahoo News having problems?
Why do goths have to go through so much?!?
Questions about Syrian exodus of people?
whatever happened to Cassata Edwards from channel 4 tv in Albany, NY?
Middle class woman on benefits with 6 kids Daily Mail report ?
Why do they report things like car crashes and apartment fires on the news?
can I block news sources on my home page?
I can not see sharon's answer.Please help?
Billy Graham's final message will be delivered Nov. 7-9 (on his 95th birthday), when was his last message?
Instead of giving $195,000,000 to Syrian rebels, couldn't Obama have used the money to...?
What is the current price of NS 200 in siliguri.?
Will lady gaga be charged for indecency by the police ?
GCHQ are committed to you................. did you know that?
Do you think the media have too much or too little power and influence?
What is the role of a journalist?
Why is Springsteen dyeing his hair and eyebrows?
Is it true that The non-duplication rule helped to establish FM radio.?
Today's UK storm - how was it for you?
Guinness - Can anyone remember their scandals/crises/disasters?
i need some tips for writing newspaper .?
how do you get bad news to be buried when people google you?
A modest proposal... All Sundays with 25 hours?
UK ~ have you been affected by the storm?
What is media and what info does media provide?
Will the Ross Ulbricht trial be public?
Who is paid to be here by Fox News?
Mike Tysons quote on women and attracting them from a documentary?
Is Lou Reed's death at 71 a good warning against a debauched lifestyle?
Please explain this \The Role of Campus Journalism and Informational leadership\?
Where Can I Watch Lovelace 2013?
After Ursula Andress, Halle Berry, Britt Eklund, et al, are the Bond people really considering Helen Flanagan?
Editorial help? Discrimination?
What does the fox say?
Why did benefits Mum lie about her middle class background?
Who has been arrested/fined so far over the horsemeat scandal?
Can I legally force my bosses to accept my excuse of 'essential travel only'?
Should Miliband reopen investigation into vote rigging?
Should McCluskey resign from Unite?
i want to get a job of graphic designer in sm entertainment...please tell me it is possible or not ?
who has a higher position, project director or editorial director?
Have it(below) happened in any other country?
Is the 'great storm' being exaggerated in the media?
Why do people hate on Miley Cyrus?
how do i use bitlord...proxy setting?
Why send news clips to my email that cannot be accessed!?!?!?
R2's first tune after 6am news, 'Wake Up It's A Beautiful Morning'; Is Anneka Rice in Hawaii?
The laws of spying and phone tapping?
What is Fukushima? Will it kill humanity?
DO you think we are heading to a total monetary crash, and do you think WW3 is coming soon?
What is an example of doublethink in modern news stories?
Is war, even justified, still a crime?
Excited state to Ground state?
What is the salary of a radio dj in washington dc?
Why would Iris Chang the author of the \The Rape of Nanking\ Commit suicide?
Obama lies to Merkel about NSA spying on her, but he approved it ...is he just a pathological liar?
Why are 