My rat has a pituitary tumor, what should I do?
My dog is puking and has diarrhea?
How many cats should I get?
I have a 5 month old Beagle/Boxer mix and a 6 month old Australian Shepherd.?
Female hamster has hard and lumpy stomach but isn't fat?
Excessive, Barking Dog: Can HOA Kick Her Out? How to IMMEDIATELY Make it Stop?
Bunny breeding business?
Is the CLASSICA 6.4L NANO TANK CUBE AQUARIUM WITH FILTER LED LIGHT filter noisy?
does any one know how to keep my kitten blacky from eating tiggers wet food?
Cat peeing where he shouldn't. help?
i think my cat is overgrooming.. please help!?
Is my cat retarded or something?
Strangest dog behavior, please help!!?
Does anyone know names of any cheap and effective puppy toys?
Flying with nervous dog, from Oslo, Norway, to Newark, NJ?
Urgent help please?!!!!?
Can i bath my cat? She just got spayed and the vet didnt tell me anything about the stitches.?
Is it normal to feel scared about spaying your dog?
Has ever anyone been killed by a pet household cat?
9 weeks old pitbull puppy?
Why does my dog get so excited for a walk?
I saw a Giant Rat...?
how can i get my male dog to get along with my female puppy again.?
GUINEA QUES. PLEASE ANSWER?
when will my budgies lay eggs?
I have 3 rats who sneeze, what can I do?
How long can a dog be left on its own for?
doggy keepsakes, any ideas?
One of my guppies isn't doing so well!! Help!?
Is giving Glucon-D for cats okay?
My Chinese Water Dragon sleeps in Water?
Process of getting a service animal?
I clipped my bird's wings and she can still fly?
Is it normal for a dog to viciously attack his toys?
Any good websites to order kits for bearded dragons?
should i get my cat neutered?
I found a dog and she has fleas what do I do?
new born puppy loves to sleep in my hand?
New 1 year old cat wont come out from under the couch and wont eat!!!!! ppllleaassseee help.?
New Gourami At The Bottom Of Tank?
Mother dog not producing milk?
Orange Juice Carton to store fish tank water?
Why won't my female dog stand for any males?
I really want a \micro\ pig?
Help! What can i do about my Schnoodle puppy's hair loss?
is this true about pit bulls ?
does petco sell MALE piggies please help :)?
are parakeets allowed to eat Red Pepper Flakes the stuff you put on pizza?
where can i buy a MALE guinea pig in petsmart they only have females helppp!!!!!?
What will happen if I feed my Pit Bull raw chicken?
Can I cut two of my cat's whiskers?
Lake fish in a fish tank?
Is my puppys behaviour normal?
Cat with diabetic count of 600 and rising weekly! Help?
help me decide on a cat tree?
How well can collies handle the cold?
My dog has been acting weird?
How can I help my puppy's \hurt\ leg?
have you seen a blue eyed Persian cat?
Your thoughts on spaying/neutering pets?
What do i do if i accidentally ran over my best's friends parrot?
Can i use a tv stand as a fish tank stand?
How do make my ferret stop biting?
Cat n my dog best friends ?
my dog puppy bites me ?
Why does my cat attack my daughter? But hes purring and happy at the same time?
Any ideas on talking to horse owner about possibility of horse's career taking a different course?
Why does my dog always fart?
Is a air stone enough for a 6 gallon aquarium?
Training dog to get beer can from fridge, but have raised him fearing beer can full of pennies. Advice?
Names for black and white hamster?
Staffordshire bull terier in apartment?
Why would someone want to own Pit Bull as a first ti dog owner?
If anything were to happen would it have already?
Could any one tell me what this fish is?
Could any on tell me what this fish is?
What noise is my cat making?
What does it mean when a cat is screeching in pain in long seconds in the middle of the night?
Is it normal for an American Bully pup to have a little more hair or be fluffier than usual?
When should i put my molted hermit crab back in the tank with the other crabs?
What are the blister like sores between my English Bulldog/ Labrador mix toes? How should I treat it?
Hey Guys this is a cat question so please i need a professional cat person to answer?
Cat urinating on himself?
rabbit advice pleeeease?
Parvo and direct sunlight?
What kind of cat should I buy?
what problems do inbred cats have?
What is your opinion on Pitbulls (APBT)?
will my cat more then likely try to sneak out again?
Do ferrets smell really badly, and if so can you minimize the smell?
Please Help Mouse Question? (10 points)?
My snail layed 2 clutches of eggs!!!?
Is my APBT pure? He has a strange facial pattern.?
How much should I feed my Betta fish?
name for a kitten, any suggestions.?
Is it cheaper to own a horse or a dog in the long run?
Does spaying a dog cause bone growth?
Introducing 2 dogs ? male-female?
Why doesn't my dog want to eat dog food?
how to accommodate clownfish in this ??? what to change ?
Is jumping a horse good for the horse or not?
dew claws removal...?
Do you all think this product is safe for dogs?
English cocker spaniel is a good dog for apartment?
My parrot only eats seeds and refuses anything else?
Do you have a cat who hardly ever purrs?
pit bull guard dog ???
MY FERRET WONT EAT WHAT DO I DO?!?
Why is my dog flea-biting my blankets?
How long should I wait after asking for a pet?
Leptospirosis 4 vaccine (UK) information please?
Baby bearded dragon head injury?
So I have to give medicine to my cat but I don't know how to open his mouth ! ???? Help please ASAP:))?
can I let cats out in 5 degree weather?
how can i trim my cats claws at home?
what to do for my neighbour's cats do not urinate on my doormat?
I have a 8 week old american akita?
My puppy ate a piece of plastic :(?
Alabama Rot - has anybody (UK or USA) lost a dog to this?
how do i get my 10 month kitten to STOP meowing all night long PLEASE HELP ME?
How quickly symptoms of tapeworm happen in a cat?
how do you pick a bold puppy?
Do you believe its wrong to spray a animal?
Guinea pig coughing/wheezing and sneezing?
What does my cat mean by quivering her tail?
what to do for my neighbour's cats do not urinate on my doormat?
fishless cycle? help!?
My puppy won't pee in his usual spot anymore--HELP!?
fishless cycle? help?
should I put my dog down?
does my dog have low thyroid?
How do you deal with the loss of a pet?
Should I get a toy poodle or a yorkie?
Is it ok to ONLY feed my puppy dry food?
How do I stop my 9 week old puppy from crying all the time?
Dog nearly strangled tonight?
My dogs always limp? whyyy?
How do I get my cat to stop chewing on random things like wires?
My male rabbit is lathargic and slightly shaky, HELP IMMEDIATELY.?
i heard bearded dragons have a habit of eating sand or dirt. is this just a baby thing or are adults at risk?
Why does my red eared slider tank smell so bad?
Why does this offend people?
Are police dogs safe to pet?
So, my leopard gecko is laying eggs... still.?
A friend of mine buried his parents cat alive?
I gave my goldfish maracyn antibiotic now she's acting strange?
My Chihuahua had her first puppy on October 8th 2013 how long afer she's in heat?
lizard feeding plz helpp me on this question!!?
Is 9.4 and 9.6 pounds too much for 8-10 month old kittens?
Any lasting damage from this accident?
Should I get my rabbit a friend?
hi help I need to know how to make muscle protein for my dog pitbull?
How to splint a Beardie hatchlings foot?
how to train my beagle/Pittbull?
I think I hurt my cat??!?!?
Question about my bearded dragon?
I think my tank has blood worms 10 points?
Is it okay that I do this with my hamster?
why is my african grey parrot being mean to me?
How do I know if my guinea pig is pregnant or just fat?
How cold is too cold for my dog?
My ball python is staying on the cool side?
Water change after using tetra safe start?
Fish tank help 10 points?
Puppy Is Stressing Me Out?
Can pups be litter trained?
Why is my Winter White hamster so mean?
Ocelots and other wild animals as pets in N,J?
My cat drags any sort of cloth in the litter box. Why?
Cloudy Fish Tank, expert Advice needed !?
Bringing a leopard gecko on a two hour car ride?
HELP. WHAT ARE THE BEST RABBIT CAGES?
What do I need for my golden retriever puppy?
My cat is obsessed with water?
CHIHUAHUA IN PAIN!!!?
Does anyone have mouse experience or knowledge? I have 3 mice but I really have alot of questions still.?
how much dose bhb reptiles cost for shipping?
Is my Leopard Gecko Ok?
Can you doing light jumping with a navicular horse?
Just Adopted a New Cat?
puppy chusky doesnt want to eat puppy food,wha should i feed her?
I recently noticed that my dog has fleas...what are some good home remedies to get of them.?
Why does my dog have a limp & foul smelling tail?
Is it a better experience to have a dog as a child or as an adult?
does anyone need leopard gecko advice?
Are high carbohydrate foods the culprit in feline obesity epidemic?
Should we get another cat?
Do pugs shed?????????????????????????!!!!!!!!!?
My pup ate some smoked salmon?! Is he going to be okay?!?
How do I keep my dog off the grass?
Medium sized Husky breeds?
Urinary Crystals in Male Cat?
Question about newborn lambs?
A good dog breed for me?
Why does my dog bury bones?
Does this seem suitable for a 22 gallon aquarium?
Names for a litter of show puppies?
Names for a litter of show puppies?
I am looking to purchase a ball python morph for a good prices, I am finding only high priced items.?
Rear sling for german shepherd with degenerative nerve disease?
What are some cute dog names?
Is it illagle to release a turtle in to the wild?
How do I keep a freezing kitten alive?
My horse is super scrawny an needs to gain!?
Does this guinea pig look pregnant?
Stocking my 90 gallon tank?
Do all groundhogs stop hibernating on February 2?
Just a story about a cat i used to have....?
Is the hunter jumper ring only for people with money/good horse/good tack?
What colour will go good with my gelding?
How to convince my horse instructor I'm ready to jump.?
i have a stray cat that will be having babies by the end of febuary i have been letting her in for a few month?
Please help! How to canter?
how to take care of a golden retriver puppy?
how am i supposed to tire out my puppy?
My cat ate my hamster?
What do you put in the bottom tray of a rabbit hutch to catch feces and urine?
does it hurt when a cat breaks a whisker?
how much should a 5 month old german pinscher weigh?
How can I build trust with my rabbits?
Knowledgable cat lovers?
Would i look crazy to ask the vet to do this?
This cat is bleeding?
My gerbil is chewing on the bars even though she has some cardboard?
How do I get my cat to stay off of the counter (and other surfaces he's not allowed on)?
whats a good tool to use?
My dog is driving us (and the neighbors) batty!?
Do they make guinea pig diapers?
Exotic cockroaches as Pets, do you own any?
What do I do when my parakeet lays eggs?
Friend's adopted horse taken from her and adopted out without notifying her?!?!?
my boyfriend had ruined our bacteria system any way too give it a good safe boost?
Why did my guinea pig bite me?
Why does my bunny huff?
rookie dog owner question?
is there any reason my fish tank water would decrease by half overnight?
How can I help my cat lose weight?
I need a cat whisperer...or therapist!?
Try this with your pet cat?
What do you think about hermit crabs as pets?
How do I tell how old my Goldfish is?
what colour will suit my horse?
Are Yorkshire Terriers just dumb dogs?
Show name for a horse called Brandy?
My lovebird has died (this description is so important please)?
what breed of cat do i have ?
(10 pnts)How often should this dog get her hair brushed?
How to get reptiles to northern Ireland?
Why does my 8 month old female puppy hump my arm and leg?
I don't want another dog but my family are considering it?
Why is my adult bearded dragon not eating !?!?!?
Did hamster smell / stink ?
Thinking of getting a dog for my girlfriend?
What is a reduced python pattern?
My two dogs have just started to fight?
can I raise to male dogs together?
DS: Do you own a (pure bred) Dog who people can never guess his/her Breed?
DS: Funniest comment(s) you got about your Dog(s)?
My mom has a dog that has been with her soley over a year now, but favors me since I haved back home. Why?
Should I let my dogs see my birds?
DS: What is an annoying comment you often get about your Dog?
How often should I do a partial water change?
How do I wash my zebra finch (birds)?
Is it ok to hold new born puppies?
will my mare have a paint foal?
can I use Aquasafe and Jungle Water Clear at the same time and how much do i use.?
Declawing Cats? Your Thoughts?
Putting weight on a dog?
What breed is my rabbit?
Oscar with kissing gourami, dwarf gourami, and pleco?
Why is my dog acting weird?
Bala shark with kissing gourami, dwarf gourami, and pleco?
can you help me? Animal Jobs?
can you help me? Animal Jobs?
I got 2 zebra finch yesterday and one of them won't fly?
where would i find a grass snake where i live please answer?
My cat is not eating and not going to the bathroom, PLEASE HELP!! ITS VERY URGENT!!?
How do I stop water from bypassing my filter pad in my hang on back filter?
the right dog? boxer or pitbull ?
Question regarding dog behaviour - NO RECALL ?
Mouse Cage Question? Advice needed?
are black widow tetras really agrresive?
What is the sable color in a French Brittany or Epagneul Breton?
Help? Pet Mouse Question?
i really want a hamster!!!?
Need Help? Mouse Question?
what's wrong with my fish?
I just got a 2 Gal pet fish bowl, left it for 48 hours and its murky!?
Will cats drink tea? Something to calm them down?
does my aquarium fish tanks use alot of electricity?
what should i do, need help?
Why does my German Sheperd keep biting?
Is this an okay diet for my Oscar fish?
Why is my budgie panting?
why is my 13 year old cat scared of me leaving?
(10 pnts)How many times a day does this dog have to get her hair brushed?
My pug keeps sneezing?
dog won't stop licking everything?
Is Purina Cat Chow good for my cats?
Does my dog have asthma?
Black convict Cichlid...?
What is the best kind of dog breed?
If you were desperate and losing your home?
Is Rye Cruskits bad for Puppies/Dogs?
My dad is horrible to my pet?
Bunny excess drinking?
How do I set a temperature setting on the Top Fin 50-watt aquarium heater?
Help Me Identify What Breed My Cat Is!?
how you clean tank bottom without disturb breeding couple ?
what is my bird's age?
Why do people overreact?
Can cats tell when you're sick?
Why do people say you need riding experience before you buy a horse?
Why is my budgie's tail short?
Why won't my dog stop whining?
Is my bunny ok? hiccups not pooping grinding teeth?
Dingo Question.......?
Cat in heat, please read!?
Are cats good at finding their way home ?
How to introduce baby guinea pigs outside?
Clingy Kitten? Cries every time I leave the room.?
Could it be something other than arthritis?
My dog ate 0.5 mg of xanax. Help please!?
Can I get not skin tight breeches?
Can a Rabbit and Guinea Pigs be housed in a double cage in seperate quarters?
My cat hates being held?
My cat won't stop chewing her recently amputated tail. Please help?
I need help! Thanks :)?
Does your dog/dogs have any little quirks that make them unique?
What is important to look for in a cat food?
How do I make my husky puppy to sleep at night?
What is a good name for a white cat?
Will my dog be OK if he ate some paper?
Switching from gravel to sand Help!!?
Switching from gravel to sand Help!!?
Fundraising for my local animal shelter?
Question about my savannah cat!?
Why is this happening?
I am worried that my cat might be hindering her recovery?
What would be a better tank?
should I move 2 of my Bolivian rams to my 10 gallon tank for breeding?
Can I put a baby ghost knife with a brisltenose, peppermint and a dwarf gourami?
what age can my puppy swim?
What age can my puppy sleep outside?
How can I convince my parents to get me another dog?
How much would it cost to bring my holland lop to the vet?
Why does my puppy smell bad and have a bad beath?
Leopard gecko starving to death, no clue what to do. Please help. I can't just watch it die anymore.?
Do all Kaytee products seem to malfunction?
Can I put a male and female green tree frog together.?
Potty train puppy apartment?
Lizards for a 40 gallon tank?
how to convince my mom to let me keep a stray?' 10 points!EASY!?
My horse doesn't care about hitting jumps?
What careers allow you to raise baby wild cats and other animals?
how much does it cost to adopt a kitten or puppy froma shelter ? and do they come w all their shots ect?
Corn snake care information? Best answer gets points!?
How do I tell if my cat is pregnant?
What later health problems with under-fed St Bernard?
Please help!! :) Thanks in advance?
Anyone know the price to get my Cat......?
how to convince my mom to keep a stray dog?!EASY 10 POINTS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!?
How to train a 3 year old Akita to get along with other dogs.?
My bearded dragons!!!?
Tick infestation in my home PLEASE HELP ME?
Gold Gourami with African Cichlids?
how do i convince my parents to let my puppy sleep in the house?
My 9-year-old border collie dog plays with stuffed animals still?
How do I get over the death of my cat?
Is A Goldendoodle A Good Dog?
Has anyone with a service dog been refused access to a store?
I gave my dog steak cooked in wine?
What's the best way to get my dog not to eat his poop?
My dog loves to bark and I think he loves it, but I think it annoys the neighbors... what should I do?
when is a cat not contagious to other cats when on antibiotics?
Will new fish \school\ with older fish?
What \job\ can I give a corgi to do living in an apartment?
Lab puppy is terrified of water?
Need to get rid of fish?
Which names sound better?
tropical fish tank !?
$2000 if she registers the dog?
Would a hunting dog ever get separated from its group and lost?
Betta Fish with Fin Rot?
Is my guinea pig sick?
My friends dog likes to bark at me for no reason?
What us your opinion on my dogs food?
My mom didn't allow me to keep a cat?
Why does my cat have a sway back?
my dog breathing heavily after mating?
Does this guinea pig look pregnant?
How big will my puppy get?
Your horse's favorite way to \decompress\?
Should I turn off the lifts when it's night time with my fish?
Scared my pet will die?
Can rabbits live on straw?
What fish/animal can live in a 2.5 gallon tank?
How to ask my mom for a new rabbit?
Kitten kicking legs like twitching in sleep after being vaccinated?
Is this a good essay topic?
My dog came back from the vet and after I pick her up she yelps really loud?
How can I prevent my cat from accidentally scratching sofas?
What videos should I make?
I spanked my dog and she bared her teeth at me and tried to bite me?
Why do our kittens insist on sleeping at the foot of our bed?
Are PitBull puppy good for First time owner?
My cat just threw up?
How long before the Belgian Malinois breed becomes a genetically destroyed mess like the German Shepherd dog?
What to do when my brothers hit my dog?
please help..this male cat ..?
Doss this look like fin rot or just a ripped fin?
what could i name my shitzu/poodle mix?
What's the difference between a house rabbit and a normal pet rabbit?
my hatchling leopard gecko that I just got 3 days ago only ate a cricket so far? Should I be worried?
I am in need of a good guard dog?
Moved into a new place and puppy stopped using potty pads?
Moral delima: Please don't judge me. Thinking to add to cats diet by raising mice or gerbils?
Choosing the right dog breed?
Bullmastiff vs pug in apartment?
Pomeranian question? weight/hight?
Why Does My Dog Make This Funny Sound?
What is a unique female black and white cat name?
Help !!! I think my bunny hurt his foot !?
How Can I Stop A Puppy From Biting?
Have A LOT of baby snails! Need help!!?
What could you do with fur?
PLEASE HELP ME!!!! I need to know how to deal with a control freak stable owner?
Why doesn't my dog eat?
Which Puppy Should I Choose?
Ok here is my problem i have a little yorkie she is 4 years old n she has never potty train what do i do?
Should I fast my fish?
What are some additional tasks/tricks/commands for my Malinois pup who has mastered the basics?
What is this black furlike stuff coming up where animal feces has been rotting?
My Dove flew outside but didn't go anywhere!?
Why do dogs need more attention from humans than cats do?
Is my cat part Bengal?
My dog temperature had been 99.7 all day and finally dropped to 98.6 ?
How do I convince my parents to get me a guinea pig?
Are there any Pitbulls for sale?
I literally hate my dog, why does everybody act so oblivious to how horrible she is?
Would cats risk their lives to protect and defend their owners?
Please give me tips to help my jumping!!!?
Why is my cat peeing only on certain things?
in my 10 gallon tank i had fish for about two weeks and then i added 5 more fish and three died?
any brands similar to julius k9 dog harnesses?
I accidentally static shocked my cat. Will he be ok?
my dog is bleeding from the mouth?
Do turtles shed skin like other reptiles?
What more can I do for my Border Collie?
Baffles for sump in fish tank?
When should I walk my pug puppy?
Well today is day 63 of my dog pregnant her temperature dropped from 99.9 to 99.3 right now.?
vets told me to not give my horse any excercise help?
Why would someone make their pets vegetarian simply because they are?
What to feed and not feed to my cat ?
Emergency Evacuation Kit?
I think my puppy is afraid of hallways?
Can birds breathe through?
6 month old Puppy keeps throwing up?
i am building a huge custom made tank for my koi till he is an adult. Would this be ok?
can corn snakes have toys?
Clubbed foot on the hind feet?
Is a dog deliberately annoying sometimes?
What kind of furniture is best to buy if you have a cat that scratches?
Dwarf gourami care??
Kissing Gourami care?
Help daughters bunnie?
What type of Fish (Catfish) is this ?
My dog has just been put down and it's breaking my heart?
Can anyone give me a link to a reputable Chihuahua breeder?
Can pregnant dog be hyper?
What's a breed of cat that's fluffy?
What would happen if u enjected urself with lizard DNA?
What will happen if you have 2 female guppies and 4 male guppies?
Is becoming a vet worth it?
Why does my friends dog mate with stuffed animals?
My cat is soo ill she may die if u didn't give suggestions ?
Is my fish pregnant? please answer!?
Feeding my 6month old cat?
How to gently put a guinea pig to sleep?
How to Stop puppy yelping?
am i ready for a savannah monitor?
what age should i get my beagle spayed/neutered?
What type of fish (shark) can fit in a 10 gallon tank.?
How do l know if my cat is pregnant?
My budgie is whight with red eyes is it albino?
Pit/Lab Heavy limping in right front leg?
Worried for pony, annoyed at friend?
Does anyone else's sugar glider crawl inside of your bra? mine does all the time and catches me off guard!?
why does my angel fish have red eyes!?
My dog is being a picky eater?
Are there side effects to spaying a pup too early?
my kitten is having trouble breathing?
Whats a good centerpiece for a ten gallon tank?
Why canary eggs didnt hatch?? Please help?
Horse only goes lame AFTER a workout?
Dog in park tried to bite me can I report it to council?
I need an advice and tip.. just vet alone wont doo much..?
What do I feed my pregnant hamster?
difference between dogs vocal range and a wolf?
Limping labrador...what could it be?
Is it cruel..................?
what does african chichlid need?
is it safe to let a female dog who has had a bowel obstruction in the past have puppies?
Just curious really,what does your dog do when out..?
New dog ( 8 months old ) does not \go potty\ outside and is stressing when outside.?
My parents wont let me buy a horse help please :)?
My dogs ate raisins! HELP!!?
Are there specific cat breeds where it is genetically normal to have a lot of eye gunk?
can bermuda grass keep guinea pig's teeth worn down ????
If you could become a cat for a day but keep your mind would you do it?
My 14 yr old cat has two black spots on nose. She hasnt been eatting or drinking much at all.?
My kitty died a month ago and I am still crying... I only found out she died 2 weeks ago... please help me?
Stocking a 20 gallon tank with tetras?
my 6mth pup comes bak from walks nd poops in the house??
Should I call my vet at 3am?
Remedies for cat anxiety??
Best food for a Samoyed male Pup?
My Bearded Dragon tried to eat my new baby bearded drongon! Help?
my guppy looks like she is going to give birth 15 days into pregnancy?
Why my blue male veiltail betta fish died overnight without warning?
Wanting a New Cat Question?
How to stop dog from being a pain to go walking with?
My puppy was vomiting! Help!?
Can I put a fleece blanket in my guinea pig hutch?
How to train dogs that are old and young?
Does anyone know what's wrong with this Eastern Water Dragon Lizard?
Can you make money from bird breeding?
Is it okay for a hamster to live in a closet?
Should I let cat knead on me?
My hybrid hamsters gave birth and i can't choose weather to keep the robo baby or the winter white babies?
how to get my dog to recognize words?
How should I convince my mom I want a puppy?
Hi my cat has tapeworms can it kill him if I don't treat right away? Also, can I get the worms from?
Will the equipment I want to get be good for a Corn Snake?
What is needed for my parakeets egg to hatch?
What treats can I feed my chickens?
Is there a way to teach a cat how to use a scratching post?
Is there a home remedy to rid of tape worms in cats? Thanks?
How to convince your parents to let you go 30miles to a lesson stables?
Please help!!! :) Thanks in advance?
I think my chinchilla is constipated?
Emergency vet? My dog! Sone insight please?
How much is it to declaw a cat in Wisconsin, Illinois, and Minnesota?
Do stallions have to wear a specific colour?
My new 4 months pet? is it advisable to chain it &lock in a room?
why did my cat change from nice to mean in less than one day?
Why is my chinese water dragon rejecting it's food?
where could you get a puppy like this?
Is it advisable to ask for filter material from the aquarium store to put in your new tank?
My guppy is pregnant I think?
My cat is sick and not responding to food and practically everything, also smells like a dead cat?
Are they Responsible for my vet bill?
Dog want to vomit after cleaning her ears?
WHAT TYPE OF BEARDED DRAGON DO I HAVE?
Did Alf ever actually eat cats?
Any German Shepherd Breeders near Dallas?
Tough, cool dog names for German shepherds?
I really want puppy any pet?
Is there any way for me to keep my small dogs from barking at night?
what type of breed is this cat?
when does a yorkie pooh first go into heat?
how long should i ride horse before getting my own horse?
how to avoid accidents?
very unstable 7.5 month old german shepherd ! pls help !! :(?
My dog going in heat.?
Should my cousin have gotten mad at me when I fed his dog?
If I'm allergic to guinea pigs am I also allergic to bunnies?
Do you think dressage is mean?
How often do i have to clean my fish tank out?
Regarding my puppy biting on a item?
miniature schnauzer female puppies San Antonio Tx?
Title for an Equestrian Center?
How do you catch a cat?
Are salt licks bad for guinea pigs?
what kind of breed cat is this?
How to stop big cat from eating kittens food?
Is my cockatiel a male or female?
What would happen if a cat and a small dog bred?
Why are girls so interested in breyer horses?
why do some people buy pets just so that they can torture them?
Everything i will need for my guinea pig?
Leopard Gecko Care ?1?1?
DO you know what breed my kitty's are?
How do I get my parents to buy me a bearded dragon?
Do fish get thirsty??????????
Is my guinea pig sick/dying?
Did the pigeon mum abandon her babies?
My dog has been acting weird , shaking, a little bit of whimpering and weak?
Cutting My Dog's Nails?
Can a tree trunk be used as a cat scratcher?
Can a big dog get along with a small dog?
What filter is better for freshwater fish?
How many times can a b*tch be bred each year?
what should i buy for a new puppy?
reptiles category: How long can brumation last?
How long does a pink kissing gourami get in a months time?
Dog groomers: does it make you nervous if people keep watching in the window when you groom dogs?
What would you guys suggest?
Tropical fish that like fast flowing water?
Tank recommendations?
Western and English Tack conversions?
How long does it take for a pleco to get to full size?
Can I put a white dumpy tree frog with a pitcher plant and Venus fly trap?
Is San Jose climate ok for huskies?
Is my dog too young to get pregnant?
My cat is sick I cannot afford to pay her vet bill?
Need help to build 8 Gallon Betta tank?
Cat has random accidents, vet says nothing's wrong?
My cats getting bold spots?
How long big does a pleco, gourami, dwarf gourami take to get to full size?
how big will a leopard gecko be at 2months 3months, etc.?
I think my stuffed animal Hugsy wants to kill me, should I kill him first?
Is my dog too young to get pregnant?
Is it weird that I don't like 'pink' cats?
My cat has been sick?
Is it normal for one of my dog's anal glands to fill up faster than the other?
names for a female black cat?
Are the certain birds to represent each month?
Who wants this cat? I found it in Hoke County, North Carolina.?
Any Labrador Breeders in the SC, NC, VA area?
Will my dog think I have abandoned her?
Adding new Cichlid fish?
Who is responsible if my dog attacks an off-leash dog on our walk (in Florida)?
Did I physically abuse my cat?
What is the bird from this video?
help!! there is something wrong with my fish!!?
Question about breeding rabbits and the colours produced?
3 robo hamsters one has marks all over them?
help! new born bunnies?!?!?!?
Keep horse under control at show?
How do i weigh my dog?
Can i keep a pet snail outdoors?
My dog is getting on my nerves, what can I do?
What do i need for a Glofish and how many fish can be in a 10 gallon tank?
Salt licks for guinea pigs?
My older (male)dog doesn't stop licking my 8 week (female)puppy?
My dog is having seizures what to do?
Why do people think my German Sheperd Punania has a wierd name?
I got this tank that I really like, but what fish should I get!?!?
Adopting otocinclus in 10 gallon planted tank?
What kind of dog is this?
Homemade glider treats?
Dog has infection in eye?
Why is my dog digging up rocks?
Homemade glider treats?
did i get my cat sick? or vice versa?
What breed mix is my dog?
My beagle keeps chewing motions!?
pros and cons of getting a dog?
Is my female guppy pregnant and if not do you think she will become pregnant?
Double reins and running martingales?
Whatvgets bigger? King boas or corn snakes? How often to feed each?
Fish Tank Temperature?
How common are Border Collies in the US?
What puppy/dog is this?
What's the best game fish for 1,200 gallons?
Can a loud noise traumatize a young gecko? I just want to make sure hell be fine?
Dog vomited yellow foam?
Dog scared of electric collar?
Can a dog that has been spayed produce milk?
need help on dog food ?
What does it mean if your snail has worms?
What Type of Fish (Cichlid) is this ?
Can Siberian Huskies succeed at agility?
How much should i be feeding my dog?
How do I make my Rat more active?
can someone help me figure out how many gallons my fish tank is..?
Pearl gourami building bubble nest!?
how can I stop the biting problem for my gsd puppy ? and does the white will go away from his legs ?
My miniature horse keeps biting.?
to all rat lovers-taming my rats?
Glofish and beta fish?
Can I change my horses show name?
Which cage is best for a pair of rats?
Requirements for fish breeding?
German shepherd dog food ?
Would this be harmful to my dog?
My friends house we caught a rat should we let it free or not?
Help! ? think my bunny ate a googly eye and some dried glue?!!!!?
Would I be too big for this pony?
advice on gerbils please?
My cat is peeing small squirts everywhere?
Hummingbird flying up in the air then straight down?
Is Introducing A New Syrian Hamster To Two Robo Hamsters A Good Idea?
My dog is 62 days pregnant and yesterday night she was panting heavily but had a normal temperature?
How many Kuhli loaches can I keep in a 10 gallon tank ?
How ling can bunnies stay alone?
Why is my dog so scared?
Why does my bearded dragon open his mouth.?
My mini dachshund swallowed a water bottle top.?
Is something wrong with my dog!?
i have a goldfish that i have had for a litt over a year and now his tail is gett black on the edge of he is 2?
I was told blue roan horses will change seasonally. Is this true?
Do neon tetras eat goldfish flakes ?!?
red spots behind the cage?
What fish can i put into a 5 gallon heated tank?
Which should I do first, spay or neuter?
I have two budgies, and I want to breed them?
Anyone have a teacup yorkie poo ?!?
Why is my pomeranian scared of being on her back?
How much do i feed my 8 month old overweight puppy?
My vet gave me Heartgard to give my 12 week old Shih Tzu?
just got a turtle but don't know what kind he is?
my 5 month old beagle smells fishy?
Why is my rabbit unsociable?
Are cambodians a recessive colour type in bettas?
My bearded dragon is having trouble shedding his head. What should I do?
how many pets do you have?
Persuade my parents to get another cat?
how to get a puppy comfortable on a leash?
what information is put on a dog's tag?
Dog about to go into labor. Some tips?
Cost of 10 gallon set up?
for the fungus in my tank and fish ..is it ok if i use salt table ? or is there a special salt to use ?
The reins always slip through my fingers?!?
for the fungus in my tank and fish ..is it ok if i use salt table ? or is there a special salt to use ?
how many red belly piranhas i a 20 gallon tank?
Is This Real Frontline Plus?
What's wrong with this cat?
My Columbian boa won't defecate, what should I do?
red iguana not eating?
Stock for my ten gallon?
My fish is ignoring it's pellets?
I have this ex-racehorse...?
Minimum tank size for an arowana?
Why is my hedgehog afraid of me?
changing puppy food...?
what is the red stuff on the back?
my 2 year old Japanese Spitz is not training well and i need a simple and fun way to train her?
What Doctor Who related name should I choose for my pets?
Where can I buy hatchet fish?
Male pembroke welsh corgi with a male golden retriever puppies and small birds?
Why does my dog keep licking his paw??
My German Shepherd Punania and my newly acquiered Bearded Dragon Barack Obama got along, but can this last?
is my dog sick or upset?
Why my cat keeps following me?
what rabbit breed do I have?
is my GSD blowing coat?
i want to bring my rabbit to the vet and i want to know whats the cheapest price for the vet in Riyadh?
Do you think Patches brought me to see him?
Do you think Patches brought me to see him?
What can you bath a dog to keep from scratching?
Best type of bird for a first time keeper?
newfounlands(temperature)?
Can my parents legally take away my hermit crabs?
Is it okay to only wash ONE of my guinea pigs?
Squirrels cute? Yay or Nay?
do garden skinks shed?
How many fish can I have in a 64l tank HELP!!?
What breed is my puppy?
My mom doesn't care that my hampster died?
My rabbit hit his face! help(10 points)?
my new kittens have round pupils is it normal?
Opinions on this cat name ?
Springer puppy pulling on the lead?
What is the breed of this cat?
Is there a way to legally not have a muzzle on you greyhound.?
What do I do If my baby Bearded Dragon won't eat and poops constantly?
commute a sick dog? anybody help.?
What should I do with a 40 gallon long tank?
How to prevent sore hocks in my rabbit?
Cat problem. Every few months he feels unwell and wee's which is a little red. Any veterinarians here?
Why the hell do people like cats?
Is a low energy level cat's food intake comparetively less than a highly energetic cat?
Platy Tropical Fish male or female?
Help with goldfish behaviour?
How to convince my step dad to get another cat?
what kind of dwarf hamster do I have?
I am 6' tall and weigh 190 pounds What size horse should I get for a trail ride ?
Is this a good cage for a Syrian/Teddy Bear hamster?
Does your cat run to greet you at the door, like a dog?
How much time normally goes by between deciding to put a pet to sleep and actually doing it?
Is your dog a purebred or a mix?
Do you ever sing/dance with your pets?
What kind of things can I do to give my cat the happiest life possible?
My neighbors two pitbulls jumped into my backyard and attack my dog! what should i do?
Bad breeder? Opinions?
Is this to much dor a fish tank?
What can cause a Dachshund have bald spots?
my boyfriend wants to take away my bearded dragons calcium?
Why did my cat slap me?
Why does my cat hiss at my new cat with her ears forward in a neutral position?
Is this diet sufficient for my cat?
What brand of dog food is best?
Dog yelps when we touch her neck?
Are there any big rats for pets?
What do you do when a dog will not stop nipping at your heels?
Upgrading to bigger Fish+Turtle tank?
Round worm help please they're huge!!!?
What is a type of fish easy for a ten year old to start with without an aquarium ?
How often should I clean my fish tank?
Dog is almost 62 days pregnant and is panting heavily checked her temperature but its 100.8?
If a guinea pig is three years old and gets pregnate will it die?
How do I know if my guinea pig is pregnant?
Is my dog sick? Please help, I'm worried! :(?
What's a good forum about keeping chickens?
My long distance boyfriends dog is dying.How can I help him?
Why do people choose to keep dogs of their own accord?
What breeds of cats and types of coats?
My dog farts constantly and has the worst gas?
How to let go in the canter?
Abandoned dog, vchip?
Question about parakeets/budgies? Please help?
Pregnant hamster nested in upper compartment. Will babies fall down the tube?
What do i do with my dog?
Whats my cat most likely doing out at night?
Pet rabbit.. How to wash & get rid of fleas.?
i have four cockatiels i know one is a female will she lay eggs without a male?
Do rabbits prefer a crock or water bottle?
daytime basking bulb at night?
what would a monkey mixed with an elephant be called?
I want to take riding lessons?
Why do people keep rats, mice, hamsters, guinea pigs, and gerbils as pets?
How can I retrain my pitbull to be nice?
Does anyone know where I can adopt a Teacup Yorkie in Ontario, Canada?
Badly matted chinchilla fur?
how many red belly pianaha in a 15 gallon long tank?
What are characteristics of a Maltese?
My Boston Terriers face is swollen?
What animals are okay to kill and why?
Wanting another dog for our family?
Is it normal for my baby bunny to pee a little pinkish red?
Why Does My RTS Have a White Tip?
How can I get my cat to eat more?
I Want a guinea pig i did research i feel like im missing some thing..can you list the basic stuff i need tono?
How to get a male cat to stop peeing on clothes?
Are my dogs receiving enough protein in their diet?
my dog has a bloated tummy?
Saltwater Aquarium lovers!! What do I do with my liverock and inverts?
What kind of dog is this?
My dog is constantly following me?
Hedgehog - Heating lamp?
How many Zebra Danios should I use?
Why my fish isn't growing.?
Which pet would you prefer ,Bird or dog?
Any ideas for rabbit names?
recovering from an abscess?
What is a good centerpiece fish for 5 neon tetras?
My dog is 61 days pregnant and i checked her temperature from her vagina and its 98.7, will she be in labor?
Getting my cat back from the shelter?
Good goldfish names? thanks?
Will my female cat take to a female kitten?
Is it possible for my dog to...?
Good goldfish names? thanks?
My dog is 61 days pregnant and i checked her temperature from her vagina and its 98.7, will she be in labor?
How to straighten a dog's hair?
how can i train my dog?
What Aquarium LED to purchase?
What to do with a nasty rooster?
What to do with a nasty rooster?
How to convince my mother to get me a sphynx cat?
Is it ok for my female cat to be territorial?
I really want the cutest puppy in the world?
Worms In Tortoises Terrarium!?
My chinchillas are fighting but its complicated?
Am I ready for a horse?
Could my dog get sick if she ate a tiny amount of tuna fish after a stray cat that was eating the tuna fish?
Can live feeder minnows give a tiger oscar neurological damage?
My cat died, how do I cope?
How long will it take for my bunny to warm up to me?
Teaching dog to get beer from fridge, having trouble getting him to pick up a beer in his mouth. Advice?
Do you think co-owning is a good idea if you are interested in one day becoming a breeder?
Hamsters got out of its cage , help !?
Can dogs distinguish what is left and what is right??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
are dog ultrasounds accurate?
Aussie Names for Blue Healers?
is my rat getting sick? should i take them to the vet?
Guinea pig birthday - ideas?
best lizard for advanced keepers?
Leopard gecko problem?
Should I get another ferret?
What kind of fish is this?
My 8 month old female cat is missing for 4 days.. I cant find her nowhere dead nor alive will she come back?
Do I need to clean leafs that are floating or broken of in my aquarium?
Why is my hamster coughing? And what's the best thing i should do to cure him? Help! ?
Questions about my dogs tumor?
How can I get my dog to wear dog shoes?
What's your opinion about someone dog who takes a crap and the owner doesn't pick it up?
Witch should i get for my new snake?
Minimum tank size for 2 Musk Turtles?
What type of fish should i get?
Do I need API aquarium salt?
Foal with dried in manure on her coat...?
HOW CAN I GET MY PUPPY BACK?
What would you do if a cat climbed into the engine of your car because it was warm.?
pleas help! do bearded dragons need phosphorus? best answer 10 points!?
Should i kill a fish before i fillet it?
How long does it take for a male pearl gourami to build a bubble nest?
How to stop my hamster from nipping me?
HELPP!! what do you think my black german shepherd pup is mixed with? Border Collie? She was a rescue.?
Some fish questions?!?
How to avoid splayed legs in baby parakeets?
What do I do or feed my dog !!!?
Some fish questions?!?
can you help figure out what my pup is mixed with?
What do you think of the Great Pyrenees?
Anybody have hamster names?
why does my dog bark at my family sometimes when they try to give her a command?
True or false: Some Pit Bulls and other breeds ARE monsters?
what dog breed is this???
My bunny isnt moving alot?
True or false some say Pit Bulls are Monsters?
how to pick a cat name?
Is there a species of betta of which males can live together?
would a dalmatian be useful on a farm?
Are there any Aquarium Heaters that don't need to cool down? 300 Watt.?
I don't know what to do?!?
How to bond 2 sugar gliders?
My Zebrafish (Zebra Danio) is doing barrel rolls. What should I do?
Your thoughts on pomeranians?
How can i make my dog not scared of everything.?
Is Dog with a blog right for kids?
My cat can't seem to meow..?
How to clean my cat's tail?
Animal Hoarding .... (friend) when to say \ enough is enough\?
Is my fish tank considered fully stocked, or could I add more fish?
why do my fish keep dieng?
How to care for these baby spiders?
How do I get rid of algae in my reef tank?
Why did my cat do this?
How can I help my Rescue Puggle get over her fears and idiosyncrasies?
German shepherd puppies?
How to calm a needy dog?
My goldfish is hyperventilating by his/her gills, what can I do?
What should we do with black dogs?
Ball Python Won't Finish His Shed?
Does anybody know the dog whisperer? Lol.. really.?
How to get my dog to eat dog food?
What size of Heater would I need?
My cat ran outside, he's an indoor cat... how can I get him back in?
How long does it take to recover from the loss of a pet?
Why does my housebroken dog poop at my moms house but nowhere else?
How to get my Grandma to get me a guinea pig?
Help! Hermit Crab or Gerbil?
Does it bother you when your horse rolls...?
Cat attacked, head injury?
is my 8week old GSD underweight he was 7lbs?
I just got a hamster and I don't know how to tame him?
Kitten going outside for the first time?
My cat hates her one month old kitten:( and she has 5 kittens I don't know what to do please help ASAP?
Most Annoying dog on planet *update*?
How can i take a old plastic fish tank thats been setting a while clean!?
I added a second pup to my family?
why doesnt my puppy love me ?
Dog foods that are in the uk with no corn?
why dont ppl clean up after their dogs?
how to keep a cat from climbing on kitchen counters?
3 guinea pig questions...im desperate =/?
Training a puppy? ....?
What do Amano shrimp eat and how many can you have per gallon of water?
which breed of guinea pig?
How much does rabbit spaying cost?
What's up with my cat?
Should i help my Tarantula?
Why does everybody keep saying cats are horrible and dumb when dogs can be just as horrible and dumb?
Is there something seriously wrong with my dog??
My pet rock has too much sexual tension - What should I do with her?
I got a dog and i was wondering what race is he.Can somebody pls tell me here is some pics in the details?
What's wrong with my kitten?
Question about breeding rabbits and colours?
my puppy wont relieve himself when i take him on walks?
Rabbit not eating much?
Is Kaytee pine bedding okay for chinchillas?
3 class exotic pet licence?
Preemie puppy beginning to look like shes bloating...help!?
my budgie has layed 2 eggs and she hasn't layed one for 3 days is this normal and will she lay another one?
Leopard gecko housing?
Leopard gecko or frog?
Good Second pet snake?
My cat is acting weird?
Is a bigger aquarium heater fine?
Why does my puppy always have to be near me?
What to feed my puppy ?
How can I make my Anoles terrarium more fun for them?
What do i need for a horse?
what is the best food for loseing dog wieght?
What the hell is wrong with my cat?
How did my bird die suddenly? :(?
Can two angelfish live in a 20 gallon long tank.?
why did my cat use her paw to eat?
Worming a pregnant cat - reading Q&A ppl say no - vet wormed and vacinated her. Is this ok?
is it okay to give my baby red eared slider tortoise a nice warm bath?
Need help with my dog?
Fear aggressive puppy?
Puppy Personality Issues?
I think my chicken has a head injury PLEASE HELP ASAP?
Goldfish Questions? !! Help!!?
Do all pits have a blue/black tounge ?
Can I feed my budgie trill?
What pet should I get?
How long does Pavlovian Response last for?
Plz tell last night street dog bite on finger of my 2year son?
I think my cat is a human?
Hamtaro The Kid's Show!?
What's the minimum number of fish that constitutes a shoal/school?
My dog had her puppies on me?
is my dog too skinny?
My dog attacked a possum vet is closed should i be worried?
Can a shit zu get pregnant from a hudge dog!?!?
My 3 Chihuhuas have seperation anxiety while I am at work. I come home for lunch?
my dog was given advil?
Where can I find leopard geckos for a cheap price?
How am I to know dog is close to or in labor?
will I get sick if I didnt wash hands after touching turtle?
Why is it so expensive to get your dogs spayed?
My dog is 60 days pregnant and has had a clear sticky discharge her temperature is 100.5.?
How can i include my guinea pig more in my daily life? PLEASE HELP!!!?
The best algae eater/sucker for a 10 and a 35 gallon tank that won't outgrow it?
Can you actually make a living off of...?
plzz help crickets feeding to bearded dragons!?
What kind of breed is my cat?
Canoeing with German Shepherd Puppy?
How can I say thank you?
Is dog walking and pet care a legitimate job?
is he a Siamese or A pointed domestic?
Ugh!!! My 1y/o lab is STILL peeing in the house. Help!!!?
Whats wrong with my cats paw?
An I able to make time for a new puppy with my busy schedule?
why does my bunny have orange/red urine?
My parakeet isn't very fond of me handling him?
king charles cavaliers?
Lumps on Weimaraners face?
How Do I Stop My Ferret From Biting Me?
My cat will not eat wet food.?
My dog ate about 5 chocolate afghans!!! HELP!?
How do you make your dog like baths?
Will my table hold my 17 gallon tank?
My Fluval Heater - (300 Watt) won't keep the water Temp. at 77 degrees F.?
I adopted a male cat that is neutered. He recently started humping me?
My budgie layed an egg on tuesday how long does it usually take to produce another?
I almost killed my bearded dragon!?
Why Does My Kitten Make A Strange Noise When She's Happy/Getting Attention?
My rat is a biter, what should I do.?
My English Bull Dogs nose is crusty, anything work for you ?
Becoming a Foster Parent for Dogs?
My dog just bit me??
Info. on Fluval Aquarium Heaters.?
Is it normal for female guinea pigs to not get along?
I need Chicken help...?
English saddle for rail classes?
what to feed my juvenile beardie?
Would it be dishonorable?
I forgot: What animal goes \bark bark, ruff ruff, meow meow bark\?
What's an evaluation lesson?
my dog is scared of my new puppy ?
Does mange cause a dog pain?
My cat has gas problems?!?
Were can i get a mini pig cheap?
Is it okay to feed my bearded dragon...?
My cat kinda hates me.....?
What's the name/breed of dog that has no fur, but, has a lot around the head?
Chinc