Do democrats justify away the rights of the unborn in modern times the way they?
Why do liberals say they arent greedy when they want to take other peoples money for themselves?
TRUE or FALSE: Most Republicans are \Old White Guys\?
I get that people like to smoke pot but why should taxpayers pay for it?
Do you miss George W Bush?
Have troops been brought back since Obama took office?
Do you think we will have a democrat in office for the next election?
How many here would agree that the corporate lobbyist have more power than the voting public?
if you are convicted of child abuse but later found not guilty, is your name off the list as well?
Using a song in my project/copyright question?
why are there still people against affordable health care?
Of what real value is a \minimum value standard\ when it comes to health insurance and Obamacare?
Which group of Democrats who abuse children: Politicians, Priests and Teachers..is \worse\?
Are you conservative, liberal or somewhere in the middle ?
Question for cons - is it worse to be gay, a minority, or liberal?
Do you think the government will really tax retirement account withdraws?
would they be happy with their own country?
Joining Army Reserves?
Have Republicans forgotten Reagan campaigned on Hope and Help not mean spirited cuts?
Can a tourist carry a gun/weapon in America?
Wasn't Dr. George Tiller playing with fire by performing abortions in a conservative state?
Can you be called up for jury service at college (UK)?
Who will America choose in 2014 those who offer hope and help or those who talk only mean spirited cuts?
What secrets do you think the government is holding out on us?
Pres. Obama approves of marijuana?
Neighbour is walking around in heels to annoy me?
Do liberals know that ObamaCare is in danger of failing altogether at getting the uninsured on insurance?
Why did Bush destroy the healthcare.gov website and why is he intent on destroying ObamaCare all together?
What is more important?
What's more important - that Bush may have abused drugs or that he fought 2 wars without a war tax?
Who could face a stiffer prison sentence: Chris Christie or McDonnell in Virginia?
How can conservatives advocate people not sign up for Obamacare and also say they r for personal responbility?
What was the economic effect of the Emergency Medical Treatment and Active Labor Act?
If I can't prove where a possession came from?
Do you have to speak to a cop or show your id if your just walking around not breaking any laws?
How much does photo have to be different for it not to be considered as stolen?
Is California's minimum wage 10 dollars an hour?
The new elections leave us in a quandary who is our man?
Who will win GENERAL ELECTIONS 2014 & why?
Obtaining citizenship through military?
Within 10 years is saying \Merry Christmas\ going to be a hate crime?
Shipping a Package from Texas to South Korea Military Base?
Who is your favorite political psychopath or sociopath?
Can we unite the world by mutual good will ?
hey i keep hearing stuff from youtube like obama will get 3rd time and he will declare martial law to stay?
I got stopped and searched yesterday. Did I do the right things?
Want to cancel money order , please help?
Should I report a possible scammer to the police?
Are there any runaway teens that have ran from 17 and turned their selves at 18?
If you believe that the problem of gun violence in the US has more to do with the failure?
What caused the co-founder of GOP Proud to leave the Republican Party?
If one single scientist found irrefutable evidence that climate change did not exist or was not caused by?
Would Scientists lie about Climate Change to make sure the money from research grants keeps comming in?
Who should be next prime minister?
What is the longest you've ever heard of a married couple being separated before completing the divorce?
Can I eat bacon outside of the muslim prayer room at my community college and offer to open the door?
Is it true that the KKK was started by Democrats?
Can you bring your own knife into the Australian Army?
Do you have to get straight A's to become a Navy SEAL?
Should I get my MBA before or after I become a Navy SEAL?
Are you ready for Hillary Clinton for President or what?
How long do you have to live in Pennsylvania before you can become a citizen?
Do GOP apologists know the difference between fact and opinion?
What is your opinion about removing the 'Under God' part of the Pledge of Allegiance?
Visa and study permit?
What are some disabilities that would eliminate a person from being eligible for the Armed Forces?
What are the Best jobs in the military that are most useful in the civilian world?
Is it true that Black African slaves were sold to Europeans by other Black Africans?
Which is the best australian state to live in?
Guy follows me and takes pics of my license plate?
What is the single greatest accomplishment of European-Americans?
I been a us resident for 20 years, but got in trouble 30 years ago?
Why do the compassionate liberals give less to charities than the GOP?
I been a us resident for 20 years, but got in trouble 30 years ago?
help firefighter, got some questions!?
Do smart people hit the road when their country denies them both living wages and a welfare check?
If the NRA has its way will Florida become a shoot first and ask questions later state? The NRA is spending?
TRUE or FALSE: If a cop pulls a black person for NO REASON, The Cop is racist ?
Is it just me or do you think that many of the tea party people would be happy with anarchy?
Why do Democrats take women for idiots ?
I need help to stop wishing everyone I hate dead any ideas?
Are Ann Coulter and Martin Sheen political soul mates?
Why do conservatives pretend to know a lot about economics when the stuff they say is just embarrassing ?
Can I join the US Air Force with bladder exstrophy?
I purchased an assault rifle on the Newtown anniversary in order to defend myself from loons,is that a problem?
Will a Marine get in trouble if he seeks Anger Management?
How long have the governors of West Virginia been Democrats, while the coal mining companies ran the state?
How old to work with guns?
In today's high tech world why do you still make excuses for hard work & poverty?
Have you heard about Senator Paul’s Extravagant Vacation?
Can we expect a deformed inferior future in unregulated places- like West Vorginia?
Global warming question?
What is the bigger failure, The Edsel, Pluto Nash or Obamacare?
Is the Obama Administration is lying?
What is proof that you were in a certain place at a certain time ?
As for as investigations are concerned, what is considered proof that you were in a specific place ?
Why don't I get the same income as NFL players?
How do I get my job back?
How to create a social state?
How to understand politics?
Who coined liberalism in its political sense?
Would you pay to see an MMA event between chris christie and rob ford?
Why American Laws Didn't Punish Child Molesters? Like a Castration or Death Penalty?
What makes the old bald guy with the beard such an expert on what prostitutes look like?
\Voter ID, which is going to allow Governor Romney to win the state of Pennsylvania: done,\?
Why do most of the females on Fox \News\ look like prostitutes?
Mom scared of me picking USMC infantry?
What if conservatives started shooting liberals, what would liberals reaction be?
Will Republicans reunite behind Chris Christi now that hes one of them?
If you can fight in the military and marry at 18, why cant we drink at 18?
How do you feel about the Constitution? Should we scrap it because it is over 200 years old?
Politics, Why does John Boehner seem drunk all the time?
Would you suggest that a single 27 year old male who makes $30k per year and lives on his own?
A straight white-male voting democrat is like _________(fill in the blank)?
can a us citizen enter the uk if he has been previously found guilty of armed robbery and kinapping?
Do i have to answer the door to police?
Can I be a cop if I have a juvenile record?
57% of Mexican immigrants are on government assistance, how is \dieversity\ such a strength again?
Why do conservatives worship rich people and hate working class Americans?
Why do right-wingers require so much indoctrination?
Are you surprised that Mississippi was ranked 50th in education?
Is England really better than Scotland?
Why does today seem like Monday, again?
Why does today seem like Saturday?
Boyfriend joining army question?
What do you think of this Republican who loves Obamacare?
Why are conservatives so angry all the time? I was behind one in line at Wendys and he was yelling at the girl?
Can she press charges?
Why are most young people Not signing up for Obamacare to cut cost for me?
What countries out there are we afraid of and don't dare threaten, Are we still afraid of the Vietnam?
Army vision waiver question?
What makes you think you have a f-cking CLUE what someone's \fair share\ is?
After losing a November election like Mitt Romney did do politicians have a hard time come Christmas?
Will Joe Biden and Hillary Clinton run against each other in 2016?
Do I have the right to my passport?
Can John ever be the President of USA?
Can you guess which state Attorney General said the following:?
Do I have a chance contesting this misdemeanor?
if my friend is cought with weed what will happen to me?
Can we scare Young Americans with jail time if they refuse to sign up with Obamacare?
A presidential primary can be:?
Can I sell Mark Twain's books?
What do you think of gun registration turning into gun confiscation in New York?
IF, thats a big if, Im not saying that i will, but if i ran away from home, what could the police do?
Do you think the U.S. will have another war within in 20 years?
How do u ask a question on yahoo?
People hate the idea of Gov controlling them, so why are they fine with Tobacco companies...?
How thankful are you that you are not a Republican?
Why didn't Pres. Obama include?
Please help me regarding a civil case against someone?
Was anyone out there a hippie in their youth?
Rep or Lib, why would any rich person stay in NYC when the new mayor hates you so much?
libs would you rather the government have more control or the rich 1% having control where they're able?
If ownership of my rented home changes hands can the new landlord change the lease?
Why would a thief think that just because you win 125 k you have it in your pockets?
Does the First Amendment cover speech which encourages violence and calls for the death of the President?
Is cannibalism legal?
In the interest of fairness and equality shouldn't Obama be more white in his 2nd term?
was the south actually safer with less crime when the ku klux klan was in their heyday (1915-1940)?
Liberals, why did Detroit's police chief say armed citizenry led to drop in gun crime than gun control?
Would the entire Washington smell like dirty as$ and dirty hair and body lice infestation?
A Bosnian Muslim I work with supports Al Qaeda over the U.S and hates America. Guess who he voted for?
Am I going to jail please help?
Should free speech be illegal (UK)?
Am I a US citizen if i was born in a different country?
Vicky Pryce advising Vince Cable on the economy . Haven't the Lib Dems got enough problems?
Why are Republicans staging a \Die In\ in front of the White House?
How was the original executive branch too powerful?
What if you got a text message on your phone saying, We know you are currently engaging in political dissent?
Could our next Super Hero be Captain Kush?
Raise the minimum wage to $10.10 or watch the economy crash again?
Can I still be in the US Army if you were born in Spain?
how can Leftists claim conservatives are for anarchy?
Would you donate to a PAC called \The Slaves of Christ\?
Who here is smoking weed in solidarity with Obamas pro pot stance?
At the Olympics why dont the winners of the last race start at the next finish line, you know like Capitalists?
Are you going to watch The Sarah Palin catches big fish show?
after almost 6 full years of Obama why are people STILL ranting about Bush?
Is the Tea Party part of the 99%?
how do i get an infantry m.o.s in active duty? 2parts?
What role does \Bush Math\ play in current day politics?
Are Americans proud that their country's income equality is among the worst in the world?
Do you agree that \Republicans are 'playing with fire' on abortion\?
If Glenn Beck is admitting he was overly divisive, does that mean the world is coming to an end?
Do you agree or disagree with the following article?
Now that even Glenn Beck agrees with liberal democrats, is there hope for the REST of the GOP?
What do I do or what can I do? to come to America and stay?
how long would it take?
Is this defamation when I made this?
Why do some people think that the ancient \Egyptians\ were white or Arab?
Economic income equality in Obama's lifetime?
Why did former Virginia Republican Governor Bob McDonnell and his wife, Maureen just get indicted?
Did Obama's son who looks like Trayvon get shot?
Does anybody know that its 90 degrees in California?
What heppens if you flee the scene of an accident?
How to get a U.S Passport?
How far was the failure of the USA to capture Vietnamese hearts and minds responsible for the loss of Vietnam?
Who invades individual privacy more--(1) the federal government, or (2) Google and Yahoo!?
What SERE training level do crew chiefs go through?
can an american file residency papers for a 25 year old non-immigrant?
Why would Muslims have perpetrated 9/11?
My friend used to drink a lot, like get pass out drunk everyday and night for years straight and he quit drink?
Who do you think is responsible for more deaths? Barack Obama? or Kermit Gosnell?
Hi, Can I claim my siblings as Dependents??
What if someone wants to work but they are old, ugly, have no skills , walk crooked, and talk with a stutter?
can i be taken to a foster home by force?
is this the SR-71 Blackbird?
Why would Bob McDonnell (R) give up a good government job to be a pillow biter in Prison?
Anyone political help me out?
Ann Coulter claims that Ed Shulz and Rachel Maddow refuse to debate smart conservatives...?
Why is Sean Hannity backing out on leaving New York after he promised us he would?
Is it safe to tell a canvasser your parent's name and give them your signature?
If you were in the Army, in combat, and Barack Obama jumped in the foxhole with you...how would you feel?
Why is it bad if government is spying on us?
Why is it very easy to aquire a gun in the United States Of America?
Army Delta or Navy Seals?
So immediately following the shelter in place at the University of Oklahoma?
can you go to school and have a 7 hour a day job in the marines resveres?
Is Capitalism so fantastically successful that just 85 families now control more wealth than 1/2 the world?
What will hurt the most: Sean Hannity leaving New York, or Rapper Kanye West leaving America?
What would be the response from liberals if Governor Perry were to tell liberals that \you have no place?
6 months for a felony charge. Time serve in county or state prison??
what should I do my family's really sad I might join the military?
Why my national guard recruiter do this?
why did many of the Constitution's framers fear political parties?
Do most conservatives know the top marginal tax rate under Obama is lower than it was under Reagan?
Law of Contract, urgent help needed!?
In this country are you better off being rich and guilty than poor and innocent?
\Slow Down\ message on Speed Radar in CA. Will i get ticket ?
Should all conservatives take the advice of NY Governor Cuomo and not only move out of NY and take their money?
After seeing how some of todays's Republican Governors roll, with gifts and revenge, are Americans fed up?
I just recently realized the truth about left-wing politics. WHY AM I NOT POPULAR ANYMORE!?
Is that ex governor of Virginia, McDonald a potential GOP presidential candidate?
why are race relations worse now then say 20 years ago?
How come whenever it coems to the debt ceiling, Democrats support raising it and Republicans oppose doing so?
Conservatives do you still think that former Virginia Governor Bob McDonald will be the next President?
If I leave the US, will I be okay financially if?
How come America cares more about illegal aliens than it does it's own citizens and soldiers?
Does this remind you of Governor Christie?
Do you agree with this Y/A user that making welfare trash raise their kids right would solve school shootings?
When was the last time the GOP in Congress had an approval rating above 15%?
I'm about 5'7 or 5'8 and I weigh 200lbs.. Can I join the military?
Do you think Obamacare will work?
Why doesnt america allow black women to be sexy?
Do you pray for the victims of the six school shootings this month?
What is the politcal reason that a poor state like Mississippui ranks second in donations in the country?
So in the United States police officers can beat you to death on video and walk away free men?
My old roommates are trying to keep my fridge?
I accidentally told my coworker my salary?
Do you know of any Democrats who would not toss out elections as long as a democrat is in power?
Why would any American support the 9/11 dancers, rocket-launching Palestinians?
Why are Repulbicans shooting themselves in the foot again about funding extending the unemplyment again?
Why don't people talk about the Russell 2000 or the Russell small cap completeness indexes that much?
will I get a uniform for jrotc?
if you're in the army could you attend SEAL training?
Can a soldier be sent home from deployment?
Will jobs ever return to the US or it this it, no more jobs?
Why is it always the conservative job to clean up liberal mistakes?
If I want to apply for US Citizenship, what do I need to do?
Would you say Nancy Lanza was, in part, responsible for the Newtown, CT shooting?
What do you think about the halted execution of Edgar Tamayo Arias?
Why are Russians so violent?
honestly who would you rather have running the country right now a lib or con?
Why is is it bad that an insurance company cannot drop you now?
What has obama done? I have no idea?
Why is Fox news so pro Obama now?
Which side do you sell your soul to and get nothing significant in return-Democratic or Republican?
If the police come out to check on something does it go on record?
is a car accident property damage in statute of limitations?
How will the Marijuana issue be affected if a Republican is elected as President and Republicans?
Why do Republicans say we always blame Bush and do you find it problematic that they don't?
What would your Presidential platform look like?
Should I call the police if I hear my neighbors arguing loudly causing their baby to cry? can I stay anonymous?
How come police officers do not get punished nearly as much as the gernal public?
can i sue the police for arresting me without my consent?
One reason AGAINST gay marriage?
Target to stop health insurance for part time workers, thanks Obamacare, what say you?
Can someone explain socialism to me?
Gov. Cuomo, why does he hate freedom and those with an opposing view?
in massachusetts, with a JOL, how do the cops know your passenger isnt a sibling?
how is the booking process in a children's prison?
I was sent home on summons for a shoplifting charge. The total amount was $300 & this is my first offense.?
Have the governors of New York and Texas gone mad?
Why did NYC mayor use the storm to mess with the wealthier parts of the city?
Is global warming going to destroy the Earth?
Why do climate change deniers always bringing up Al Gore's name as a rebuttal?
Why do uninformed right-wingers keep trying to insist Dr. King was a Republican?
So what an inspiring statement by New Yorks Governor a couple of days ago....?
concerning the detainees at GTMO ..why is it never reported the ICRC is there to prevent detainee abuse?
Why doesn't the Government introduce the one child policy?
Does Anthony have a legal right to feel safe?
What do we want the poverty rate to be?
What caused the 2008 financial meltdown?
What's the difference between Honorable discharge and General Under honorable Conditions?
My australian visa grant got refused, what do i do?
\If people understood the banking system they would revolt.\ Henry Ford?
Is it possible to get a hunting/fishing license in Montana with a Medical Marijuana card?
Do you recognize the American rule of law when you see it?
Anti-gun extremist. What do you think would have been the fate of this Woman had Mr. Moore not been armed?
Is Obama just mistaken, or is he lying?
How can Palestinans be an Arab nation if there is no sound \P\ in Arabic?
which execution method do you think is the grisliest?
info on data protection act?
IS IT ILLEGAL IN THE STATE OF ALABAMA FOR A 16 YEAR OLD TO DATE A 21 YEAR OLD?
Can Socialism function when it is not supported by Capitalism?
WHY does more than 16% of the population live in poverty in the United States?
I shoplifted $300 worth of items. I know it's stupid but what will happen to me?
92 million Americans are out of work?
Why do alarmist whine about the \millions\ spent on \climate denial\?
Is an Italian Laurea(Master's degree) in engineering mechanics recognized in USA?
Of these four, which will Democrats say is the best thing Republican Senates deliver?
how much would it cost to move to Brazil?
How come most or all of the KKK were democrats?
What does it say about the Republicans when their standard corruption defense is, the Democrats do it too?
Why are GWBs Daughters and their families still under SS protection, what has THAT cost?
Should killing someone really need to have a mandatory jail sentence?
Why do conservatives believe climatologists are more biased than oil companies?
Do the Police have a legal duty to protect you?
Anti-gun extremist. How could you have protected yourself from the L.A. riots when the Police ran away?
If you had the power to totally ban something, anything, what would you ban?
Whats most important for leading a successful Navy career!?
breatheryzer and police?
Why doesn't yahoo have an insult forum so people can talk Politics without them?
Where do I find a description of medieval warfare from a infantry soldier's point of view?
Do you believe it is wrong for mayoral candidates to accept campaign donations from developers/city vendors?
Why are so many Republican politicians getting caught in Pay for Play scandals?
Anti-gun crowd: How would have you stopped someone like Eric Harris from committing murder?
Air force boot camp and health insurance?
When the next Green Card lottery will start?
is it illegal for an adult(18+) student to sleep with their college professor?
Consulate Vs Consular agencies?
How many billions have been spent trying to convince people they can't change the climate?
Gun laws in Florida: Question about owning gun?
Can someone get in trouble for putting stuff on your property?
What are the Gun laws in Florida?
What countries are more responsible for taking action to combat climate change?
What do you think a rise in sea levels of 10 - 32 inches might look like for coastlines in the US?
When will Mike Hancock resign? Could there be a Portsmouth Byelection at the same time as the EU elections?
why doesn't the left trust Americans with guns or freedom?
If there was a War between the US and UK which side will the Canadians take?
Should the next US president be Mexican or Russian or Female or worse Female Russian?
Do Republicans have no quality control?
Why does the US allow widespread torture in our prison system?
My boss and another coworker make my stomach churn?
Why do i hear so much NEGATIVITY about Detroit Michigan ?
so why does the US think it is OK when Saudi Arabia, Kuwait and Bahrain persecutes homosexuals?
Why should we let corporations treat our atmosphere like an open sewer for toxic chemicals?
Why do Republicans,care so much about the unborn, but deprive the BORN of Healthcare, Foodstamps and Education?
How can people watch Fox & Friends?
Whats your thoughts on the SOCHI. Should the US attend these Games. Can Russia keep Civilians safe.?
How far away is the nearest firearm to you right now?
Why are the Nazi's (\NATIONAL SOCIALISTS\) considered to be on the Right?
Why is President Clinton not taken to task over the fact we still have troops in Kosovo?
Does Bill Clinton have Monice hidden somewhere?
How was it possible to enact the 22nd Amendment? What did FDR do that was so bad?
Are Muslims the next Nazis?
Are there any penalties for hiring Illegal Entrants?
Is it true that in america men don't fight each other for the right to mate with women?
Why is it okay to download music illegally, but downloading e-books illegally is fought and banned?
can i have a list of friends and enemies of the north korea?
Should the UK adopt the US cunstitution?
What will you do if old barbara bush, Janet Reno,condi rice and hillary Clinton all claim they are your wife?
More mess from the Obama Care.At this point do you think it really matters?
If janet Reno and hillary Clinton show up in your bedroom,what will you do?
Is it \RACIST\ to be Opposed to \MULTI-CULTURALISM\?
If you are really desperate,who would you bang,Janet Reno or Elena kagan?You have to choose or you will?
was Christie firmly in Obama's pocket prior to the election?
What would you do to hillary and condi if they decide to stay in your bathroom for a day?
if oj had run for president prior to the murders, would liberals have raved?
birth certificate and passport problem?
will there ever be a day where most of us will not need to work.?
Why do progressives proudly wave their swastikas?
I want to work in USA.What should i do?
Who Framed Roger Rabbit?
Do native Americans get free money and other things from the government?
Will I get free cooked food? (question about Indian railway police force)?
Can police arrest you for being alone to much?
what crime is stated for getting agressive in public?
If someone was missing and there was reason to believe a suspect had them held captive do police need warrant?
When to apply for police clearance certificate in India?
Is a government funded study on catfood an inappropriate use of tax payer money?
In YOUR OPINION, should a politican know the difference between \could & couldn't care less\?
How accurate is the YouTUBE documentary on BUD/S Navy Seal training?
Canada immigration How long can be take to fynalized?
What is plan of Arvind Kejriwal before Lok Sabha polls?
When they ask you to swear on the Bible in court, is there any way to tell them you're Atheist without...?
Agree or Disagree? There should be a law in the USA that any child who bullies others should be arrested?
Should women be 100% equal to men?
Is it true that the CiA/Mi5/Mi6 will use covert surveillance to monitor certain people in Britain and the USA?
What's the difference between pornography and prostitution?
Why do foolish Americans think Gun Registrations will ever end up into Gun Confiscations?
I want some hot Elena kagan babe,what can I do?
I need information please !?
If throwing both hillary and condi to your bedroom,what will you do?
Do you feel Obama has changed things?
Would this waiver work out?
Can police taser's stunt your growth?
Why do I want to be a SEAL so bad?
Do you see more American cities ending up like?
Would you rather have Margaret Thatcher as president over Barack Obama?
How about instead of voting, we just flip a coin?
If your an undercover cop and are asked to commit a crime?
what is the best political party for me? I love my country, proud to be British...?
I would like to take this moment to reminese on the stupidity of former ...?
Is this considered child abuse?
Is Putins Russia falling back to soviet times or even deep middle ages?
Did the Chinese believe they won the war against the Japanese?
why is Fox news so \....\?
EPA changes state boundaries?
How to avoid patdowns?
Can you join the US Marines if you have Flat Feet?
My boyfriend is on the fence about joining the military. What should I do?
My phone got taken for a few mins when I was sley riding, I'm in my twenties?
Can my sister and I get my Mom's money?
how can i get a army pen pal my age at least in his 20's?
What would you have to raise the minimum wage to in order to get those?
if poor people can't provide for their kids why won't they just please themselves to prevent it?
So, I've been summoned for jury duty.. how can I be selected to be a juror?
Air Force EOD tech school?
If joining the army infantry might as well try and get a Ranger contract right?
Should i be able to get an Air forcewaiver for three category 4 charges?
Final paycheck of a deceased loved one?
What does TACDEVRON stand for?
Green beret training only 2 weeks long?
Why do some believe the tpeople are still relevant.?
Why did my national guard recruiter do this?
Is Russia correct that homosexuality shouldn't be taught to children? Seems like common sense considering?
Do you think people with sagging pants is still a hot fashion in black community?
As a man, what would be more repulsive, having relations with a pig or another man?
Social studies homework?? Two reasons against gay marriage?
On which visas can a person pursue acting in America?
What is the cause for the rising trend of police officers murdering non agressive dogs?
As an athiest, why should I be forced to support the religious institution of marriage through taxes?
To file a police report on someone do I have to go to tbe city the abusive person lives?
How can a document written in 1787 address the needs and govern people living today?
Are Russian policies towards homosexuality ideal to homophobic U.S coservative?
What is meant by \inverted totalitarianism\ ?
If war was declared on one African union country would all of Africa fight on their side?
OK if we can make an exception in 2016, an allow Obama to run for a third term?
HEY PEOPLE OF EARTH . DO YOU WANT GLOBAL PEACE OR NOT?
What do the police do when they investigate a house?
Why do some people call Christie a rino?
Enlisting with an 18x contract after college.?
What would Reagan think of our current leader and his performance both foreign and domestic?
can you lose a 3-year Advanced Designee ROTC scholarship for not going to PT?
Why does conservative hero Ted Nugent say President Obama is a \Subhuman Mongrel\?
Has Y/A now completely implemented it's crappy new format?
I want to make a sex tape?
Will companies that are run by republicans start moving out of New York soon, They are welcome in our State?
can i have my own mailbox but still use my parents' adress?
Can you pass the Common Core Sex Quiz?
Which would you recommend for a woman: the Air Force or Navy?
I am being threatened IPO Copyright lawsuit by rival ebay seller?
Would you like world peace?
Did Obama single handily destroy America, or are we fine?
What happened to Marin Luther King’s dream?
Being a PT in the military?
gay rights versus religious freedom, where to draw the line?
Who governed during the Articles of Confederation? To what extent did they govern?
Is the world not safe for criminals anymore?
What are four aspects of the Enlightenment found in the Constitution?
how long can u be in.jail for stealing copper?
Does my employer legally have to send me a printed copy of my w-2?
On average, when should you receive a subpoena?
Will I get arrested or fined?
would you like world peace?
Why can't we get rid of capitalism?
Which is Christie's primary opposition, the left or the right?
Is obama just supporting marijuana so he gets support from the stoners like me?
What are our options in regards to kicking my brother out?
Video Surveillance Laws - Walmart?
How could 2 killed, 7 wounded in rash of shootings through New York City with its strict GUN CONTROL LAWS?
Does leftist NY governor Cuomo want unwelcomed conservatives to leave their property behind when they leave?
So Obama is a good president after all?
Last time I'm going to ask this but I really want to get third party answers on my situation?!?
Do conservatives still support a draft like they did in the 60s?
What is the economic , social , and political causes that led to the civil war?
How long before Boeing moves its entire operations to South Carolina?
US citizen to visit Canada?
When will the US-South Korea drills take place?
Any advice for someone applying for a B2 visa?
Can we finally admit the economy is improving?
Can we finally admit the economy is improving?
Do you remember being a d;ckhead to someone in high school and you wish you knew who they were so?
Isn't it true that all of the hatred for Sarah Palin?
Can I get to Ranger Regiment without an Option 40 contract?
Can you be refused service at a restaurant for wearing religious symbolism?
Wouldn't you agree that neither Government nor God have any right to tell you what to do in your bedroom?
Business Law Question?
Why was there so much friendly fire by Americans during WWII?
Is \socialist\ now a codeword for the N-word?
Why do bigots like Palin hate step families?
Has anybody figured out how to use YA's new format?
Pros and cons about gay marriage/gay rights?(3 on each side?)?
When kids ask their parents what they're doing, should they say \Making babies\, or lie to them?
What's up with conservatives who dismiss talk about US inequality because things are worse in Africa?
Did Christie undergo RINOsuction?
Joining the MARINE CORPS!?
Should their be equal rights for everyone at anytime, no questions asked?
What political ideology do you associate yourself with?
What are the top 5 social/political issues in America today?
Why do so many self-proclaimed \eugenicists\ secretly have a dysgenic agenda?
Was smoking cigarettes ever illegal in the USA?
In jail are the searches done in private?
How can any religion speak the truth when we don't know where we came from, where God came from or?
Obama's alliance is hispano oriental Kenyan jihadi how did he work them up?
Missing Air Force Reserve drill?
Do Republicans have a renewed hope in Christie for president?
How are Republicans feeling about Christie's poll numbers taking a dive since Bridge-Gate?
If we follow the yellow brick road will we find the true criminals in politics?
Who else is excited about our next president Jeb Bush?
Why don't Republicans have any power houses like the Clintons?
Who else wants to back to the old south way of life and culture?
What happened to the Gabby Gifford group to be the anti NRA-not enough Libs to donate?
In the USA on E.S.T.A. visa been here 2.5 months, how can I extend my stay from within US ( Philadelphia PA)?
Do conservatives actually understand why 47% pay no taxes?
Why is it so difficult to be president of modern United States?
Since the Nation of Islam doesn't believe in?
So what proof does a US citizen need to provide to show he lived in the US 5 years?
How are statistics \age adjusted\?
Do you think Barack Obama should criticize Mexicans that shoot white policemen?
Will the anti-gun crowd use the isolated event at Purdue University in IN as a cause against guns?
Wendy Davis seems to be a real golddigger?
Why do business owners not hire unemployed people? To get back at Obama?
FBI - CIA or US Marshall for a character of my book?
If the Etruscans built stone houses & lived rent free for millennia, why do we work for the banks?
what would be the \best\ way to rid the world of tyranny?
Do you have to be 18 to purchase a knife in the US?
Is California being punished for it's leftist ways?
what does the first amendment say about owning things?
What to do when someone hands you 1 kilo of cocaine?
Suicidal Iraq Vet.. need mental help?
Would you feel safe going to Russia to see the Olympic games? and?
Why is it when you ask a question about anybody else on the planet somehow Obamas name will come up?
How old were you, your siblings, and your friends moved out of their parents house?
What can we do to FORCE young Americans to sign up with Obamacare?
Likely USMC mos's for me?
I have gotten a misdemeanor?
If the Progressives are so strong in their belief of \tolerance\?
Why did George Bush let Cheney and Rumsfeld ruin his Presidency?
Why do Liberals dislike the possibility of fetal pain during abortions?
Need help with Army Webmail?
Are you supporting or opposed to gay marriage?
Can you do anything about this - or have I wasted money.?
Did you know that tort \reform\ just stops people from filing legitimate lawsuits?
Why do conservatives want to ban Muslim immigration?
Why was there no coverage on the news of the 5th anniversary of President Obama's inauguration?
Was Ronald Reagan the last good president the USA had?
what does 18 up + minor surcharge mean?
Should rape be treated worse than murder?
Il medicaid I need help?
Turns out Robert Byrd was only in the klan for 5 years, from 1941 to 1946, and basically quite after one year?
How much of the Treaty of Versailles is reversed today?
Are We Standing Knee Deep in the River and Dying of Thirst?
Does it seem to you that all the Democrats and Republicans do these days is fight with each other?
Will we ever have a gay president?
Where can I find proof of how many lost their health insurance because of the ACA and are still uninsured?
Searches when you go to jail?
Don't Republicans realize that the more they personally attack Wendy Daivs?
Why isnt marijuana legal in all 50 states yet, the fact is its safer then cigarettes and alchol?
Do you agree with Obama that his lousy poll numbers are due to racism?
Will JROTC give me more money in the military?
Am I Pro-Life or Pro-Choice?
Do you think some trading with North Koreans would help get information through and promote Peace?
How many people lost their health insurance because of the ACA?
If Paul Ryan run his/her 2016 Presidential campaign on just these 3 important issues would he/she win big?
Is the articles of confederation what the confederate states based their government on?
Why do liberals try to get GUILTY killers released from prison?
What's the usual contents of a police evidence case?
Is obama really all that bad, he wants marijuana to be legal?
Do you think ObamaCare will end up being seen by the American people as a successful program?
Is reckless conduct a lower charge then aggravated assault?
Is Straussians the modern version of Neocons = Geeks who took over the US government with a religion?
Any jail time for possession of schedule I drug, possession of paraphernalia 2nd offense?
Has anyone watched the military movie Lone Survivor?
If you could choose between 2 identical jobs, one unionized & the other not unionized, which would you choose?
Care Quality Commission inspecting hospitals are they biased?
If I say, \Obama on pot,\ does that mean:?
Why do some seem to only care about the Palestinian cause and not other causes?
Is the Air Force Recruiter giving me another chance?! *IMPORTANT*?
Why the house being rented is not located in public records?
Does anyone know of email addresses to senators in Florida and California?
Would America exist right now if our forefather choose to use the articles of confederation?
Why is government important and what is it's function?
Since all the libs are posting about Christies weight does that mean....?
Is this a viable solution to abortion?
What did Karl Marx mean when he wrote, \Religion is the Oprah of the masses?
So what we're saying is, fascism is right wing just because left wingers say so. Right?
Halliburton (Chaney's company) manager gets probation over golf spill. Where's the responsibility?
How long do you get to take a shower at Navy boot camp ?
Is this sexual assault?
Libs have you ever listened to the MIT atmospheric physicist Dr. Lindzen talk about \Global Warming\?
Should sober drivers that CAUSE a car crash get at least get the same punishment as?
Should sober drivers that CAUSE a car crash get at least get the same punishment as?
How many more gun deaths in america today?
Why United States Rich?
Will US Olympians be safe in Russia..would you send them?
Where is \Egypt\ located?
Is it true that if I go to america I will encounter people who do not believe in climate change?
Will liberals go from supporting abortion to forcing those they disagree with to have to have one?
you know what our boss just told us? butt holes!?
Without merely reciting the definition, what PROOF is there that fascism is right wing?
Is it true americans dont like the twilight saga?
how can anyone still believe the lie that Bush lied about WMDs in Iraq?
Is the hypocrisy worse than the atrocity?
If Hillary Clinton was president in 1941, what would her reaction of been to the attack on Pearl Harbor?
What is so extreme about protecting the unborn that causes the governor of NY to say they are not welcome?
Why is our right to privacy 100% dependent on people leaking data from the government every now and then?
What Marine Core mos to choose?
Why was the huge 500 person Bash that Barack put on in WH this past weekend kept so secretive?
Have the governors of New York and Texas gone mad?
Why are my neighbours so mad at me?
Are left wingers really getting desperate if they have to go back 20 years to dredge up something new?
What is more dangerous, diversity or a combat zone?
Can I get fired for not going to work in a blizzard!?!?
(Re-asked) What are Street Gangs and Mafias and what do they do and why?
Why are all the borders open to harmful and rapacious businesses-- yet closed to ordinary immigrants?
Should the U.N. impose a \No-Fly Zone\ on Israel for their ariel bombarded human rights violations?
Why did mayor zimmer completely change her stand on Christy ?
Should we follow the liberal agenda?
Should Obama put the smack down on Predatory For-Profit Universities like Phoenix and DeVry?
Is military intelligence an oxymoron?
How can a person stalk another one on the internet?
how exactly does corporate welfare help businesses?
What is the best weapon for a zombie massacre?
Passing a US citizenship to children born over seas.?
Should a College Education be free for all?
Why can't Claude be normal?
Should the state of Alaska tell liberals there is no place for them and tell them to leave the state?
Marijuana air force help?
Did Chris Chritie get it zoned for what he wanted?
How much can you get for a minor whiplash claim?
when the gov takes someones medication away from them?
Do you think abortion is America's greatest sin?
What happens if I can't pay a ticket?
Geneva conventions and protocols?
Do you think Obama views Hillary as a typical white woman?
i got pulled over for a dui in Maryland... The cop wrote the wrong tag number down... i go to court tomorrow?
Is it a pretty good bet that if you believe in Global Warming you also would have believed in...?
how can i get a visa for my child?
Is there an easy way to see your list of questions in the new format?
Can a police office take your fingerprint for a summary offense on a traffic stop?
Why has Yahoo answers started using the same new garbage format on the international sites?
What are your thoughts on banning twerking in the US before it spreads to more educated countries?
Air Force Recruiter giving me a second chance!?!? HELP?
What are my rights as a working mom when it comes to snow days?
How long will it take for a police officer to find a cars speeding limit on radar.?
Is this what you call liberal justice?
Martin Luther Kind day was celebrated on TV showing Prayers?
Who do you think is the worst president the US has ever had?
Do you ever think that both parties will ever come together to make America strong again?
Another factory closed in my town. What is the main cause of factory closings in the US?
Should I join another Squadron?
Opinions on Unemployment?
Do people vote with their wallets more than they vote on a ballot?
Isn't it strange that republicans are so obsessed with Benghazi?
Considering how Obama has been treated how would the conservative right treat?
Is the Tea Party conspiracy based on their lack of ability to control people?
Should the rest of Michigan be enslaved to Detroit?
Why is Allen West always trying to suck up to racist republicans?
If Martin had called the police and was instructed to turn and defend himself against a stalker like Zimmerman?
What is the legal limit of marijuana the cops can test you for?
Bunk beds at basic training?
Do you think an innerearclairvoyant assault resurrection lawsuit would?
What is government cheese?
How do polices deal with hostages situation?
entering the uk from asia how much money do they need to show to enter the uk?
Which statement comes closet to your definition of freedom:?
Why lawyer didn't submit DS -260 online ?
College excusal for military obligations?
What percentage of the 55 million aborted babies would have grown up to be a Democrat voter,how about illegal?
How long will it take to issue a australian visiting visa after compleating all the medical requirements?
Do you consider Ssi/ssdi welfare? Why? Why not?
After RFK was assassinated, what civil rights leader stood up and took his place?
Which group of leaders bettered the world more: a) Washington, Lincoln, Reagan -or- b) Marx, Stalin, Mao?
Why do gun laws change dramatically in diffrent states?
Instead of a society based on money / currency, how about base it on meeting needs?
Why do Liberals discuss issues and Conservatives discuss the black people?
Navy vs Air Force vs coast guard?
Why do the enlightened liberal Democrats attack the top 1% when earning over $41,000 is in top 3% worldwide?
Does your assessment of wealth distribution coincide w/ reality?
Do you consider anyone making over $7,000 per year to be rich, and taking advantage of the poor?
Why cant Republicans let go of the racism in politics?
Can you do jail time for simple asault?
If conservatives are better for America, why arent they holding all congressional seats and the White House?
What kind of license do you need to purchase a machine gun?
Would Hitler have won the war this way??(no nukes)?
Do many see their US citizenship as a meal-ticket for free welfare, housing and healthcare?
what happens if you get an illegal possession charge?
Which is worse, Obama calling Benghazi a terrorist attack the next day or Bush lying about WMDs in Iraq?
Could I get married before Navy boot camp?
what can i do about a ln illegal possession of prescription drug charge?
What is the most ridiculous argument that you have heard in support of SSM?
Would the cops do anything about this situation?
What happens if you get caught with prescription drugs in Texas?
Besides the rich, who has Obama helped with QE spending?
What to do if in parking lot and 2 cars are parked so close to yours that you cannot open the door to get in?
Why does the right make such a big deal about Benghazi when 9/11 killed more Americans...?
DOW at 70 year high, unemployment at 5 year low, taxes at 60 year lows, crime down, gun sales up, is having?
Would you agree that neglected White kids are far more of a threat to society than urban gangs?
When there's high crime in a city why do Conservatives see it as a color issue and not an American issue?
car accident - should i plead not guilty?
Dems only had 50% of Congress from 2007 until 2009, not a clear majority and no way to force...?
The dollar only strengthened internationally since Obama took office. Bush crashed it FIFTY PERCENT...it lost?
Is allowing the Government to force women to have their child considered Smaller or Bigger Government?
Do you think it is true that Chris Matthews said that he wants to have a threesome with Obama and Bill Clinton?
Do all of you asking for T.blair and G.Bush to be tried for war crimes support saddam?
There is ample evidence in Washington that raising the minimum wage does NOT kill jobs, so what kind of spin?
when will the Dollar be devalued by 90% ?
If someone was on felony probation and moved away 7 or 8 years ago, would there still be a warrant out on them?
did the Satanists sell America's gold to China as some kind of act of deliberate treason?
If Taiwanese people do not like to be called China then why are they called Republic of China?
Obama says Pot is not more harmful than Alcohol...how did he arrive at this conclusion?
Is it such a stretch to believe that if Obama?
Why do liberals still think Clinton left a real surplus?
Why does Obam consistently return?
Is it your belief, from all you have seen?
Is it true the US is still paying off its debt from the Civil War?
Benefit Street Channel 4?
Why is Obama saying, via Minutemen News,?
Is there any way I would come out of this without looking at some community service if not prison time?
how can i stop my girlfriend from letting her father file my son on his taxes?
Why are MSNBC and CNN reluctant to report Kenneth Bae's crime was handing out Bibles to North Koreans?
Was this search and seizure legal or illegal? Probation?
What is your opinion of Chris Christie?
Is this what it's come down to?
Is it illegal to have illegal information?
How much dies it cost to become a Federal Firearms Licensee?
Is it legal for a company to use corporal punishment as disciplinary action (With consent, see details)?
Washington and Colorado have made the recreational use of marijuna legal?
I found out I'm really 20 not 22, my life was a lie?
Should Kevin De Leon learn about what he is trying to ban first?
what is age of consent in ohio?
Is Maria Conchita Alonso proof that botox is bad for you and can affect your brain?
Fully automatic guns are legal to own in 39 states. When was the last time one was used in a mass shooting? An?
Why did obama bow to the saudi king?
If (When?) UKIP get in, should they \PRIVATISE\ the B.B.C?
Politics: How to become master of the world?
GM is neck-and-neck for second in Global sales, are Republicans still denying that the bailout was a good idea?
Help! The neighbor's son is pooping in my herb garden!?
I'm an Indian. Can I do business in New Zealand?
Is Big Oil funding climate denial the same as the NRA blocking gun violence data collection?
Which countries can you get married without a license?
Does this correctly reflect American Cheater Mentality?
Have you noticed that most mass shooters don't own the guns they use, this is for the anti-gun crowd?
Why's New York capital of USA?
Law of Contract urgent help!?
minor court for the first time for shoplifting?
Which would be more fun. Nuking Spain or Argentina?
Isn't it fun Slamming either side Dem or Republican?
What would the response of liberals be if someone called Sheila Jackson Lee \ventriloquist’s dummy\?
Wh is in favor of drug testing for those receiving welfare, unemployment, and Medicaid?
When will the various committees investigating Hillary Clinton and Obama's roles?
Do you think Makaella Kular mother killed him?
Since liberals say that Bush was so bad, then why do many in this country say that he was still better than?
Are the Yahoo management people \globalists\ ? By that I mean pro \new world order\.?
Politics: Am I right or left wing?
Why do Democrats bring up old news about Republicans?
Is calling a black senator that you disagree with a \ventriloquist’s dummy\ show the hate?
Is an email signature legally binding?
do police really enforce this?
What do you think of the barman who tried to arrest Blair?
Is Clegg now finished over the Rennard affair?
TRUE or FALSE: Government programs are fun ?
Why is it becoming popular to say both parties are the same, when only one party kept blacks down?
Why do some cities have signs that advertize the mayor's name?
Can someone please explain to me how it is slavery to work for minimum wage like liberals claim?
How did Democrats successfully brainwash the masses to think Saddam was a terrorist with WMD, but now?
What will Obama and Hillary come out with next on Chris Christie?
Does Christy offer the only real threat to Obama?
Christy is a disgrace, but why do liberals not like him when he is so much like Obama?
21 years ago i was jailed for 8 months for false accounting. would this stop me getting a job in a care home?
Is Christy already behaving like the President?
If conservatives are so rich and liberal so poor , why doesn't everyone become a conservative ?
If Miley Cyrus became the President (or Queen) how would she run the country?
why are so many police officers overweight?
Are CONS crying cause they have been CAUGHT red handed?
Has congress and most presidents lost touch with most of America?
Legitimacy of the European Union Being questioned?
Is \time for some traffic problems\ the central THEME of the CONS?
are CONS feeling a bit chunky now that so many CROOKED CON have been EXPOSED?
Do you think that the Obamacare ads have subliminal messages hidden within?
Is it illegal to send naked pictures of your self when you are 18 to a 17 year old?
Lets see \Araktsu\I should not believe the bible.But I should believe u a mere human?
Mikaeel Kular court case, i have few question about scottish law and court system?
Okay.....since all the posturing for 2016 seems to have un-officially gotten underway.......who is YOUR?
What happen to all the white people who lived in Haiti and Jamaica?
Is Christ Christie a thug, or just another overweight bully?
Reporting stolen firearms in Kentucky?
BBC bias question - indulging Stalin (Uncle Joe) and making light of Gulags?
Liberals and conservatives: What needs to be done to reform our education system?
Liberals, do you support Obama?
Isn't feel sorry for Obama a lot like feeling sorry for Bill Gates or Warren Buffett?Why/why not?
Why Delhi govt. don't have power against Delhi Police?
what type of lawyer would i contact for deceased parents bank account money?
are people in army section far smarter than people in martial art section?
Who will win 2014 lokshaba election?
When I was 13 I had a depressive episode, am now 19 and haven't had anything since can I join the army?
What are some ways to help people move away from drugs?
Why is it so much harder these days for kids to find jobs?
I have a question for Christians who vote Democrat?
Warrant to get stolen phone?
Do you or your parents pay for curfew violation?
Would the \easier to pass a Liberalistic bill in Congress\ make sense describing something difficult?
Did Gov. Cuomo show how accepting Liberals are with his quote of kicking out Right Wing Conservatives?
Do I need to get visa to go to Mexico for a week? I have my Canadian PR but my passport is Philippine passport?
Why are conservatives upset about Cuomo's comments when 25% of red states wanted to secede in 2012?
Can I join the U.S. Navy with past debts paid?
Do you believe that the Great Recession is over?
are libs so diverse that they want everyone out of their state that doesnt agree with what they believe?
Is my juvenile record sealed?
Hey everyone I am seventeen years old and I leave for USAF BMT in nine months and I really want to get?
Living in united states i feel like....?
Is this a good argument for religion and prayer in schools?
\It's funny how people in the military act like they deserve respect\?
What do U.S Navy sailors wear in snow/freezing environments?
Can I sue hilton hotel for calling police falsely claiming I stole something?
what do i need to rob a house?
why are lesbians such hypocrites?
How many unions feed more money into politics than do the Evil Koch Brothers?
is it okay to let someone go after they hit the back of your car ?
Isn't it strange how patriots are considered law breakers?
What is the future of the revolution created by Aam Aadmi Party?
Would it be better if the government lent mortgage money directly instead of a middle man?
Was this a justifed police stop?!? Legal help!!?
I just heard on the news that property insurance premiums is likely going up due to an?
Whats rule for criminal they cannot he charged again for the same sentence ever again ontario canada law?
US Navy or Air Force?
Is this statuatory Rape?
How many times did Bush blame an embassy attack on an anti-Islam video?
who was the leader who united the muslims?
Is this another fine example of the typical \responsible\ American gun owner?
Im a veteran who has a general discharge (under honorable conditions) and I dont know where I can find employm?
what was the national law making body under the articles and what were some of the powers it held?
Did you know 98 People were killed in 13 separate \Benghazi's\ under Bush?
What do you think of the Freedom Riders?
Employer told my parents I am HIV+, do I have a case even if the ones they told are my emergency contacts?
How easy is it to get fired from a small fast food restaurant?
what will I do as 12charlie when not deployed?
Finding .net development job in denmark for immigrants?
Would it be ok for every republican business Owner/CEO to Not hire or fire liberals because of?
Why are people so irate as soon as you say Fox News?
Are liberals still in denial or just grieving?
How can we stop, tax breaks that hurt the many while benefitting a few?
Applying for F1 visa with bad grades?
Why are cops such pigs?
Why are all the borders open to harmful and rapacious businesses-- yet closed to ordinary immigrants?
why do some people try to hide the fact that Martin Luther King is a plagiarizer and cheater?
Why do Southerners keep saying their rebellion was not about slavery?
why does everyone think christie is going to run in 2016?
Can you still have a record of some sort if you've never been charged or convicted?
Got my first ticket for underage drinking?
Why do people say colleges are cheaper than the sticker price?
Can the Tea Partiers and Liberals at least agree on legalizing marijuana?
National Guard - also being righteous?
Why is Obama's approval rating so low?
If you've never been charged with a crime or convicted, can you still have some type of record?
Are the people who cling to their Bibles and guns?
I'm British and my British Passport expired a month ago, can I still get a job in the UK if it is expired?
New Christie Scandal - Hoboken-gate?
Why are people so against gay rights?
If an invader breaks into your house will you either (A) call 911 and hide under bed (B) shoot them to death?
Joining NSA or CIA after Marine Corps questions!?
How do groups who, when it boils down to it, they think gay people are a threat to national security?
Besides the \I Have A Dream\ speech, what was Martin Luther King's best speech?
What does the second amendment mean to you?
If Mexican are not racist why can no one name a famous black Mexican Celebrity or Athlete?
Studying in the military?
Which industries or corporations do you find most repulsive?
Is it true Martin Luther King was a socialist ?
Can you legally kill someone for breaking into house in Texas with some what if situations?
is there more to our country?
Is it necessary to renew my driver's license when i turn 21?
Between Bridge-gate and now Hoboken-gate is Chris Christie pretty much finished as a Presidentail candiate?
Why does everything in the modern US revolve around making Blacks feel better?
What is your favorite quote from Martin Luther King?
Why is the city of Hoboken so small, only 2 sq mi.?
This girl commited suicide at my school, what are now the long term affects?
I have stationary from the Headquarters T. L. Suyphen Post No. 41, Department of Wisconsin 188- is this real?
Independents, which political party is more hilarious: The Democratic or Republican party?
How would America be different today if Martin Luther King had lived and continued his work?
Is it true the White House and the US Capitol were built by slaves?
Was crisChirstie behind the Power Grid going down in Ohio, That brought down Manhattan, too?
Why did Phil Robertson say 'I never saw the mistreatment of any black person' re: the South?
Why do liberals want immigration reform, when most latinos are hard core christians?
Would MLK join the party of George Wallace, Orval Faubus, and Robert Byrd, when?
China ,Russia ,Japan ,india,Which nation more evil and ruthless?
Do white people deserve their own history month? why? why not?
Would a new Teacher enjoy their job more in the urban, inner-city or the well-heeled suburbs?
If a teacher finds a student to be disruptive in class, should she ignore it if that student is Black?
How much settlement money for car accident?
Do i have to give up a police officer career?
If, according to the conservative right, all it takes to be successful in the US is hard work, then why?
How do those nomad hippie type people live? Have you ever done anything like that?
Is the comfort of socialism that liberals seek will soon be mandatory?
what happens if you dont refund someone's money on eBay?
Does \small government\ mean less people in prison?
What do they call the fear of vagrant LGBT cousins of Chimpanzees?
Study: Nearly half of black men arrested by age 23...your thoughts?
house arrest info?????
Do you recognize the American rule of law when you see it?
Is this how to get honest politicians?
Why do Americans embrace communism so easily?
Any Rangers or Scouts out there?
Why are black women 70% of the time single ?
Can a white person disagree with Obama's policy and not be called a racist?
What under should I wear to meps!?
Why was the Sea-hawk corner allowed to go on camera while in the middle of a Roid Rage?
Is it fair that the world's economy is rigged so that 85 richest people on the planet?
is it illegal to do this?
has anyone been to this USCIS office?
How do you think Obama has been doing on Iran?
Let's all SKIP the best reproductive years to be financially SOLVENT-- What can go wrong?
Is this considered harassment from my neighbor?
Can a therapist/psychologist inform the police if you tell them about a murder?
Since very immigrant is also a consumer doesn't immigration add jobs?
How are we middle class?
What would MLK think about the current state of blacks-blame whitey or self responsibility?
What would be a good way to recruit the youth of America for revolutionary socialism?
what evidence do police need to convince a judge to issue a search warrent?
Do you support the governments goal of shutting down coal burning power plants in West Virginia and elsewhere?
Why are borders open to harmful and rapacious businesses-- yet closed to ordinary immigrants?
Getting a job in the US when youre not legally allowed to?
How do I become a police officer?
Why do fascists criminalize and control immigration?
Why can't Obama be more like Uruguays great president, Jose Mujica?
Can someone help me find out what kind of plane this is?
why was canada right to not fight in the vietnam war?
what gun would be better to work on my rifle skills?
What were Obama’s Top 10 Constitutional Violations Of 2013…?
New to Navy Life; I need help!?
Is it illegal to insult a person by name on twitter?
So after 5 years all Obama still has is Bush's fault and Racism?
If you are a mother who's seeking help for alcoholism should you fear CPS?
Is Uruguays president the worlds noblest leader? lives in a 1 bedroom home,90% salary cut, drives a VW beetle?
Who was the best \First Lady\ of the US, and why?
What would happen to the Democrat Party if all union membership was voluntary?
How did an ex-Soviet KGB agent and former enemy of the USA?
What Are The 10 Most Outrageous Examples of Government Waste For 2013?
Michelle Obama's Star-Studded Gala Birthday?
Why are streets named after Martin Luther King usually the most dangerous?
Would MLK be very upset with today's African American youth?
With a highest amount of Black unemployment (39%) since 1977 are blacks becoming disillusioned about Barack?
Why did a Democrat kill Martin Luther King Jr.?
Why do are \liberal\ frenz claim that the budget deficit has fallen every year under Obama?
Question about Martin Luther King Jr....................?
Why is it so hard for our left friends to get the concept of word definition like terrorist or marriage?
Why can't we have white pride and white rights marches and white history month?
So how come the NSA never saw this one coming?
Would MLK be proud of the knockout game and trayvon?
How soon will the National Guard start to round up Conservatives in New York State?
Do soldiers in airborne units see more action?
Help With Health Care Options?
Is Putin projecting when he talks about gays?
What is so bad about requiring ID to vote?
Examples of laws that do not apply equally to citizens?
If china declare war against Japan and india ,will Russia and US join the war,who will win the war?
What’s a little more unconstitutionality?
Are physicals confidential for minors in California?
Should hate crime legislation be applied to bullying?
Can the state of New Jersey handle a major investigation into how they manage the state?
Why won't these young whippersnapper sign up with Obamacare.?
Can you get done for public intoxication. (Cannabis)?
Just how much impact does Martin Luther King day have on this Nation.?
How often do people win arguments with nature?
what drives public attitudes about the united nations in the united states?
Ambassador Stevens left the secured embassy in Tripoli with a skeleton security detail to spend a few days?
What do you think of the GOP's new found support of a path to citizenship for illegal immigrants?
Why did Russian President Putin link gays to pedophiles?
Why does the goverment think that it can sit back and watch the Civil War it started?
Is bigotry dead in America?
How to train to be a Navy Seal while in college?
Small description of Franco-Prussian war and Austro-Prussian war?
Isn't it hypocritical for Jesse Jackson to be Counseling on Adultery While Committing Adultery?
A good way to honor Dr. King this week, to push for more voting restrictions, agree?
Is election day years of big elections as exciting to you as Christmas?
have you heard about the dorner case?
Do presidents in the USA always issue a Christmas proclamation?
If people could be punished for thinking about a crime how many of us would go to jail?
Can I be in the army?
my babys dad is 20 living with a 15 year old girl and wants custody of my daughter and advice?
How much is the minimum wage in the United States?
How do drug operations work?
Do Cons think marijuana is more dangerous than alcohol or?
DO WE HAVE US TROOPS STAYING IN odogbo cantonment RIGHT NOW?
Now that Pres. Obama's approval rating is around 37%,?
Which has a bigger disruptive effect on the free market, government or the interests of large corporations?
Is This Discrimination At Workplace?
Is This Discrimination At Workplace?
How come people are fighting in Syria?
are men and women treated diffrently in court?
Where is the \war on Christmas\ when it's a holiday for everyone...?
do you believe obama, or think he lies?
Why are liberals terrified of Ayn Rand/Atlas Shrugged?
Is it legal for me to do this in Texas?
Is it really necessary to focus on the few negatives about Dr. King on this day of remembrance?
Why is the UN currently in a state of financial crisis?
Which political party is better on civil liberties issues and why?
Why do right wing people need so many guns and ammo?
Was George W. Bush the Constantine of the 20th century?
What would happen if a cop frisked me in some inappropriate areas?
Is this why we MUST go to vouchers for public education?
Why does YA NOT delete your question, but refuse to actually display it?
Is South Africa still a racist country?
will a juvinile misdemeanor show up in a fingerprint scan ?
Were Straussians involved in the media manipulations of the George Zimmerman case = dividing Americans with?
does the british army still do BMI?
Where did the myth that Hitler was elected come from?
What will the government do when reversible male birth control (Vasalgel) becomes available in 2016?
Is there any data that shows who gets the most welfare in America?
What is wrong with my hand cuffs?
Is Common Core blatant indoctrination in the public schools?
Is the Confederate flag racist?
What should I do to prepare for becoming a Navy Seal?
Why cant the United States just blow up North Korea?
Agree or Disagree? The USA should make a law that workers will only get their salary on their day off?
Why is B Obama ashamed to talk of his stepdad + half sister + brother in China = Asians + Jewish?
Why have we not heard of an arrest?
fake police warrant scam?
Is the US govt in bankruptcy + debt + human rights abuse + wars ..... because of over-educated govt advisers?
EU now plans a \plastics day\ are they barking mad?
Will the Republicans best hope for 2016 watch Hillary get sworn in from his jail cell?
Paying my traffic ticket online? (NE) Which amount do I pay? Fine or total?
AM I CLASSED AS A ORDINARILY RESIDENT IN THE UK?
Who was the first republican President to become a hero to the Gay Log Cabin republicans in California?
Robert Bird quit the KKK in 1941. Why are Republicans still using him as their only example of liberals...?
If Martin Luther King Jr realized that his fight for Civil Rights will benefit only Jews + Women + Christian?
If Martin Luther King Jr. saw these statistics would he rethink his efforts for Racial Equality?
I need to know about a judicial hearing not a federal hearing?
Any videos that can help me learn about the government and economics?
The dollar has only gone up in value the last 5 years in international markets, not down. Supermarket prices?
I am missing money on my paycheck- what can I do?
Question about organized crime...?
Denied UK Visa on African Passport, but got US passport now, is there going to be problem traveling with US P?
MLK was not a Republican, his father was this was debunked. MLK didnt like either party because both...?
What was Hitler's early jobs and His life as a soldier?
should soldiers coming back from action be allowed to drink even under 21?
Can I withhold an employees paycheck?
GI school benefits transferable to spouse?
When did it become acceptable to assault people who you disagree with?
Have there ever been any real/notable cases of mobsters in law enforcement?
What is the message to our society concerning the George Z. vs The State of FL. trial?
Is this knife legal in BC Canada?
Politics: What steps has the GOP taken to secure the Mexican vote?
Why were these two questions block?
With 11% of the ACA signups being previously uninsured when will the administration throw in the towel ..?
Any Perks For A Quartermaster/Transportation Officer Being Part Of An Infantry or Combat Related Battalion?
Quick question for Christian Democrats, knowing that the Democrat Party booed God at their convention and have?
If I have less than 50 employees, what are the maternity and paternity leave rules for California?
Has any govenor of any state said anything as bigoted and narrow minded and intolerant as Cuomo, Gov of NY?
Why do conservatives insist that they are patriots?
MLK Jr fought for civil rights.... all Americans benefited from his sacrifice ..... why r conservatives + ( )?
How do I find out what CAP unit I am?
Can my boyfriend visit canada from then apply for permanent residency in canada ?
Does Chris Christie think that the Hurricane Sandy money is his own to dole out to whom he wishes?
Why do Republicans keep lying about Martin Luther King being Republican?
Why do government in UK stereotype people who carry knifes or guns i don't carry any of these?
Why is it more convenient + simple to convert from LIBERALISM to CONSERVATISM in terms of morals + values?
What are Scots, Welsh and Northern Irish people's view on the creation of a English parliment?
Do you agree with Rand Paul that private businesses should be free to discriminate based on race?
Why is it that people who are \pro life\ have no problem killing mother Earth?
Of all GOP candidates, does Rand Paul have the best plan for getting illegal Mexicans out of our country?
Green card holders now have to have health insurance?
Got a fine from McDonald's carpark?
im 15 can the cops make me take piercings out?
Why don't people like David Cameron?
felons living together?
Finding .net development job in denmark for immigrants?
How many years of schooling to be a lawyer in Michigan?
How can leave here and go to europa or america in a year or two?
Isn't it a mistake to think that MLK was conservative just because he was Republican?
What are some items that people steal?
HELP!! MOM IS ACCUSING ME OF TERRORISM!!! NEED A FBI AGENT TO ANSWER!!?
How to become Army Nurse?
What is a dangerous job that can get you killed?
What are some examples of The Daily Show mocking liberal policies?
Can we follow MLK's advice and judge by the content of the character?
Will Obama trash the NSA the way he trashed healthcare?
Why is Liberal Ohio being sued for an 'agonizing' execution? Do people know what an execution is?
air force is NOT ANSWERING THEIR PHONE?!!?
How much land on the east and west coast of America has been lost due to global warming in the last 25 years?
Got caught for 56 in a 35?
Difference between presidential and parliamentary governments? Advantages?
Do the Royal Marines have to keep their hair shaved?
Best course of action to terminate parental rights in WA state?
do copyright apply here?
Obama said that marijuana is no more dangerous than alcohol?
What branch of military offers the best programs for civil engineering?
Air Force Academy requirements?
Don't take offence any views on this should women get 25 years in jail for having a murderous abortion?
WRT labour's plan to strip benefits from people lacking skills...?
What Can I do About this?
Do you think conservatives could manage to read the CIA report on Benghazi they demanded....?
How can you teach a dog to attack?
Is the Superbowl a form of corporate welfare?
Can Rennard drag the Lib Damned into worse disrepute?
Can you imagine how little work we'd do -- w/out capitalism driving the need for jobs?
Why don't we call mass shootings, New Town, Aurora, Phoenix, etc. terrorist attacks?
Agree or Disagree? There should be a law in the USA that employees should only get paid for their day off?
I'm applying for a rifle purchasing license in new jersey and i was curious about the background check?
I'm applying for a rifle purchasing license in new jersey and i was curious about the background check?
Can I get a second US passport?
Have conservatives become spoiled with their tax write-offs?
Which is more accurate?
are cloned items from China legal for someone to sell in Canada/U.S.?
Would Barry calling the Benghazi incident a terrorist attack bring back the 4 dead Americans?
Reverend Martin Luther King Jr. in his speech to the sanitation workers talked about Dives and hell?
Based on this information what is your prediction to the year when the GOP will disappear or adapt?
How to convince my mum to let me join the Royal Military Police(British Army)?
The percent of discouraged workers is only 0.5%, not nearly enough to account for 6.7% unemployment as...?
Who are the 4 that died in Benghazi because of Obama's lies?
There is a severe 2 year drought going on, with emergencies declared in 10 states. That coupled with record...?
How to apply for Political Asylum from outside of canada?
Why all these questions about Hilary Clinton running for president all of a sudden?
Army Ranger Marine Navy ???
In honor of Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. what is your dream for America heading into the future?
Could it be that they are just crazy?
Is there discrimination of black women in the traditional beauty contests in the US, and?
Does the NSA know Obama`s secrets too?
What does it matter if Hillary Clinton lies?
Can a person write a book on \How to work the system\?
Why do liberals label the Christie debacle a \real scandal\, but all that Obama has done is nothing?
How long after wet reckless (DUI) probation must one wait in order to start enlistment process?
Does anyone know Congressman John Mica's view on SSID?
Is Evan Sayet correct when he says that liberalism is diametrically opposed to the truth?
what MOS should i do?
Isn't Wendy Davis too hot to be a Liberal?
Do you think MLK would be proud of the music some blacks make?
Cousin not getting paid, is there anything I can do?
Israelis do you like your government and also Jews from other countries as well what do you think?
Does the marines treat lower rank members like crap?
Is it true Obama said his 39% approval is because white America hates him because he is black?
Gov Cuomo in Meltdown? Says no place for Conservatives in NY!?
Politics: Would it be racist if I went out to Walmart and bought a black Christmas tree for today MLK day?
Did Eric Holder kill Paul Walker?
Is there possible brainwashing in the military, This question a lady asked about her son induced me to ask?
Air Force Academy requirements?
The only way to keep in check with radical religion?
Why I love Australia even never had been there?
If it weren’t so hurtful to so many, would the ObamaCare rollout make a great comedy show?
Why would i be delayed 3 days on a hand gun purchase?
What do soldiers do in battle to strategize? How do they scheme things?
Conservatives, what are your thoughts on state-run media outlets like CNN and MSNBC?
Why do people tell me I'm wrong when I say Obama's been president for 8 years?
Why did cities name all the poor, crime-ridden streets Martin Luther King Junior Blvd?
2 death penalty questions pleaasseee help?
Military folks..Has any Syrian Gas or Chemical weapons been destroyed yet?
Why do people preface discussions about gays saying they're not gay?
Hindsight: Did Germans had reason to distrust government they themselves democratically elected in 1933?
Have you ever just stepped back from everything and looked at this world from a different perspective?
There were massive Islam video protests thoughout the Middle East the day of Benghazi. Will that be discussed?
I have two traffic violations .Can I plead guilty for one and not guilty for the other?
Do white people fear that when black nations like South Africa attain nukes we'll attack and enslave?
Would Martin Luther King Jr have supported or opposed Affirmative action?
What do Commissioned Officers so in the National guard or Army reserve?
Is it normal to be confused when watching analysts on bloomberg tv? what the heck are they babbling about?
Are train Horns Illegal to have on any other vehicle besides a train in Tennessee?
What is Costa Rica's point of view on having foreign military bases in sovereign states?
My license was suspended- how do I get it back?
Caught shoplifting at Urban Outfitters?
can ordinary people become leaders?
land lord wont fix the buildings internet. Can i resuse to pay rent until it is fixed?
Why can't all 50 states see my felony?
What are the laws in Missouri about 16 year olds moving in with other family members?
is it fun to get free money from the government?
can black people relate to barak and michelle?
Are you (a) liberal, OR (b) conservative, AND.....?
Will the Reagan Republicans and Goldwater Republicans ever reconcile?
Can I deny orders to my next duty station? With only 17 months left? Marine Corps wise?
Is it ok that my friend called me ignorant cause I said Obama is a Muslim and not a good president?
Can someone please tell me what religion Obama is?
can anyone help with tricare?
How much of the Sandy Relief Funds go directly into Chris Christie's personal bank account?
How long does it take to train for the royal marines?
How to move to a new state?
What to do when I'm being sued on a debt that is over 6 years old?
Select the property of equality that verifies the step shown?
SR- A case that must be tried in a federal court is one involving...answer?
How do Fox viewers feel knowing that they are less informed than people who watch no news at all?
I got a reprimand in 2008 (I was 15 then, almost 21 now), will this appear if I get a CRB check?
Is there many Queens in Westminster?
Cops Why don't you understand if you use violence/force on peaceful people then you are the Criminal?
Why did Putin ban children with diapers at Sochi?
How are firefighters told about a fire?
Who is Barack Obama more similar to? Martin Luther King, Jr.? or Joseph Stalin?
Should I apply to West Point?
Politics: Is there intraparty democracy in the existing major political parties?
Do you see the Irony of this award to MLK?
Politics: Shouldn't India take revenge on America for asserting India's diplomat?
Negligent Driving: PLEASE HELP?
Why don't Indian cut all its ties with America?
Why are the 85 richest people as wealthy as the poorest half of the world?
Libs how many more millions are you going to allow Obama to kill in the middle east?
Should India stop being an allay of US-the monster?
Why did Chris Christie treat hurricane relief money as his own personal slush fund?
Isn't this an awesome reunion of soldier and son?
Why does America force its products and culture into India and its citizens?
replace legal documents?
Of these four, which best supports firing Democrats?
Is the Tea Party a mainstream or fringe group?
How environmentally friendly are electric cars?
Disgust! why do UK sex offender prisoners have such luxuries like incell phones, keys to their doors and more?
What Are All of the Things In A Background Check?
Why does Rand Paul refuse to pose with a confederate flag like his dad does?
I am in a high school in the U.S on a student visa. I've been here for 5yrs. Can I apply for citizenship?
Politics: Is Obama a progressive President of USA?
Did MLK urge us to be colorblind in securing rights or to reverse racial privilege?
Is 82 years old too late to start a military career?
Welfare is taking my child support, but I am no longer receiving welfare assistance. What should I do?
Why didn't the lone survivor movie have any black navy seals or black action stars it?
Plead Guilty or Not Guilty?
Are so called \conservatives\ really champions of corporate fascism?
Why does 99% of YA! not have a clue how the world works politically and financially?
Is it legal to burn a confederate flag?
I need help some guy keep flirting with me and I told him were just Friends and he want leave me alone?
DUI and no money for lawyer?
Do you WISH that you had a Marijuana Store, the profits, the crops, the clients and best of all?
How come Tea Party leader Ted Nugent admitted to being a pedophile?
If you're in a wheelchair do you get money from the government?
why are white people obsessed with Martin Luther King?
Since Obama has only been in office for 5 years, Should we still blame Bush for Gitmo, NSA poor jobs creation?
Why would a liberal think it is ok?
If hot equals cold for global warming. Is snow receding or gaining, what is the prediction?
Should the Winter Olympics in Sochi be cancelled?
How can I get an African job in USA?
Can you go into the Air Force after USNA?
Birth certificate amendment in the Philippines?
who'se the guy who was an ex carpenter who gave lectures about the government and their lies ?
What is the argument against legalization of marijuana?
Do liberals think that the Amish are wrong for NOT accepting government entitlements?
If a man lynched your grandfather, would you vote for him if he repented?
If immigration leads to our government politicians becoming non-white, what will they do to whites?
What would happen if we made this law?
If a non-biased person from, say,Peru,studied the merits of libs and cons,who they decide had a mental illness?
Do they honestly eat dog in the Phillipines.?
In order, what MPs are in power?
is it illegal for a convicted felon to own and possess a bulletproof vest in the state of Florida?
Do you think gender issues really matter in western politics or are they just fringe issues?
Which man do you think historians will consider to be a better president? George Washington? or Barack Obama?
what video websites that don't care about copyright?
Do politicans still appear on Sunday Talk Shows if it is Christmas Day on a Sunday?
if Obama says that pot is no more dangerous than alcohol, what about the movie reefer madness?
Is Iran Setting Up Obama?
So after 5 years all Obama still has is Bush's fault and Racism?
When Weed is legal Nation wide where do you think the enormous Tax Dollars collected will go?
how long does it take after death to finalise someoneswill if no contests?
Am I breaking copyright? (YouTube)?
If you start at the Bottom, how many or how few make it to the top, Jack Welch started at GE as assistant to?
Pakistan and India who is more fanatic,is their fanatacism keeping them from each other?
Why do cons think they earn money?
Tor F The Libs say there are 6 workers available for every job opening, the Cons say that is because 5 of them?
Can you put that you where a Navy Seal on your resume?
Do governments need to regulate the amount of kids being born In poor neighborhood ?
Have you heard about Fukushima?
How often do level 7 users get suspended?
Sexual harrassment? Getting annoyed!?
can i pay passport fee using sbh internet banking as it is associate of SBI only?
Have you ever listend to the radio show called Coast to Coast AM? What do you think about it?
Can I spiff to active duty Army if National Guard doesn't have the job I want?
Would Scottish Independence affect me living in Scotland?
Do you have a legal obligation to read unregistered/uncertified U.S. mail?
What's the best thing about being in the marine corp?
Do you think a president should have served in the military before he can be elected?
Is it legal if I'd translate somebody's independently \published\ ebook and then sell it too?
Politics: How to end a war?
When would you get mail from someone who is in Army Basic Training at Ft. Benning?
Do you think they are paid to do this?
Can I get in any legal trouble for sending someone else's picture online?
Do you stretch before PT in army basic training?
How can I get a visa invitation letter from a friend in south africa and what does she need to do?
Is it possible for. A woman to be president?
How long does it take in total to become a Navy Seal?
I got a letter from my social welfare office?
How do you write a will?
Why doesn't Obama look directly into the camera when he speaks on television?
Should I do gliding with cadets?
Is Islam a religion or a political theory?
Conscription for People with Disabilities?
Contract Clause: Opt out 48h limit?
Hypothetically is it legal for a police officer to use whatever physical force necessary to arrest you?
Did chris christy cause a traffic jam when he was in the drive through at Mcdonald's ?
Why do some people hate abortion?
Can i get in medical feild while being a medical marijuana patient?
How long is a Navy Seal enlistment contract?
is this still classifies as pornography ?
Do only crazy people use the term \Zionist\??
How long can one be in the reserves? Can he serve 20 years if he wanted too?
What Rights do I have based on Information that is Disclosed?
What is the reason there are so few new small businesses in the US with so many out of work?
Politics Is Cuomo right about NY?
Have republicans been in power of the Senate with their overuse of filibusters over the last 5 years?
I'm a17 year old, modern orthodox jew, who wants to join the marines, but keep shabbat is it possible?
I'm a17 year old, modern orthodox jew, who wants to join the marines, but keep shabbat is it possible?
Can someone answer my question?
If you were to rank every single person in the country by who you'd want for president...?
Is this a true statement of what republicans are doing to America?
Since Liberals keep saying, 'No one is coming for your guns' how do they explain this?
How difficult has it become to obtain?
How many of the people signed up for Obamacare are getting the subsidy?
Rejected from the Marines for ADD. Can I join the Army.?
Do you think that the United States should boycott the Syrian peace talks in Geneva?
Why is marriage something people vote on?
How and why was obamacare passed if more citizens opposed it than were for it?
Is it OK as a liberal to admit the lgbtqca labelling system has gotten a little out of hand?
How likely is it that more gun control will be enacted in the US sometime in the future?
If a minor replies to a post on Craigslist Casual Encounters?
smoking medical maryjane inside?
can someone tell me the difference?
Should I be getting prevailing wage?
In Texas can I legally shoot my neighbors dog if I catch him/her eating my livestock?
Has a Mafia ever been into a war with a street gang as a result of protection racketeering?
Why do Iibs reject that one should be FREE to decide what to do w/ the product of one's own labor?
Morales/Values Survey!?
How to control the Republicans' bad behavior manual book?
Do you think that this WWII Holocaust survivor can’t possibly know better than Gun Control advocates?
Did you know that in Arkansas, tomorrow is Martin Luther King day and ALSO some peopl?
Should it be legal for the Usa to have products made in other countries that...?
A neighbore it watching inside my property most the time .?
Do you find it ironic that Iibs quote ill-begotten Bible passages to justify taking stuff from ppl?
I need help with my asvab what sources should I use?
What flaw exists in the character of Dems that compels them to take from others?
Conservatives: Since Obamacare is officially the Law it must be obeyed,correct?
how much would it cost to creat a military grade Oscar myare Weiner mobile ?
Do you think we need to reform the way people are treated in prison?
Question about Pope Francis...............?
Why do Iibs pretend that anyone receiving an obamacare subsidy isn't chiseling off someone else?
Does Pope Francis anger \conservatives\ by telling the truth about capitalism?
Package for military bf stationed in japan?
The CIA report says over 100 Benghazi attackers were killed during the attack, is that ratio better than....?
What measures can be put in place to stop illegal immigrants?
Is it legal for me to have my own private freeway?
Balfour deceleration and world war 1 ( ww1 )?
Have any one seen a grey?
If Christie stopped withholding funds to his mayors, and instead started withholding trips to the buffet...?
Politics fans, do yall hate lebron james because of the decision?
Did you know Ambassador Stevens died of smoke inhalation? He had no other wounds according to the Hospital...?
Why do local cops hate State Troopers?
Why is immigration so freaking difficult?
Why do local cops hate State Troopers?
For the next few years, Which sounds like a better investment and why?: the s & p 500 or railroad stocks?
Why do people follow so closely on the freeway?
someone tell me there opinion?
Carrying concealed at the workplace... But at the airport?
Pakistan and India who is more fanatic,is there fanatacism keeping them from becoming great nations?
Did you ever wonder if we build a wall to keep Mexicans out, in the future that wall can be used to keep us in?
Will automatic weapons ever be legal again?
Is Richard Sherman the fiesty Presidential candidate the Democrats have been hoping for for 2016?
Why do liberals support non-constitutional reefer rights, but not the constitutional right to bear arms?
What would happen if I did this to a cop?
What do you think of the declassified Gen Ham report showing Benghazi was NOT caused by a Movie?
Are liberals only tolerant of those who agree with them?
i want to be a police officer, what should i start doing?
What accounts for the mass success of obamacare?
How can we tell in advance when socialism is a mask for fascism?
Did Obama start ObamaCare to help raise $ to pay the $7 Trillion debt he incurred after he became?
Was Clarence Thomas the first big threat to the libs because he was able to be successful without them?
Does India need US to become a developed nation?
Whats a good effective way to study for the ASVAB test?
can I hire a lawyer for red light camera ticket in chicago?
Even if you disagree with MLK's views, do you feel he set a good example for how to protest?
I want to bring my Boken to a plane (Japanese practice)is it illegal to bring it on board with me?
Speeding ticket exceeding 100?
List of government leader titles (queen, president, etc.)? HELP?
Did Obama send Susan Rice out with the Story of a Movie causing Benghazi?
What are the conservative vs. liberal views on the illuminati?
What is a chemtrail and the chemtrail conspiracy theory?
Why do Americans say that the US is free when?
Questions on Gibraltar?
Is the entire progressive movement a farce?
Why do cons like America so much ?
Army Basic Training story, real or fake?
What changed, if anything, in the American political culture between 2004 and 2012?
Are you going to greet people and answer the phone tomorrow saying \Happy Martin Luther King Day\?
Liberals, is it racist if I get pulled over by a black police officer because I'm white?
What would you do if you were drafted to fight some pretend war?
Should Employment be a requirement for voting?
what would happen if this happened.?
What % of obamacare enrollees were actually put on medicaid?
I need help before I make the biggest mistake in my life?
Whats the best way to stop Politicians from the practice of Vote buying?
Can I sue the same person twice regarding one incident?
Who's more conservative: Aryan Nations or the Minutemen?
does it surprise anyone libtraitors are blaming Stevens to protect hillary whf difference does it make clinton?
why does obama lie claiming 8 million renewed medicare policies are new healthcare enrollments?
Extortion question. Please help. Thank you so much?
Can my neighbors retaliate?
Is this a liberal trying to rewrite history?
What are the eligibility for joining US Army?
How many phone calls do you get at basic training?
If the ACA is racist then why do Liberals support it?
Have I Done Something Illegal?
Now that obamacare is in the toilet, when is it going to get flushed?
Size of Canada's Military in the 70s?
Where do the state government job employee get posted?
Who is a CEO? What do they do? How to become one?
If Iibs dislike Bush so much why are they seeking to run one as Dem nominee in 2016?
I slipped up and need help around a drug test :(?
What will Iibs do to resurrect their choice RINO Christie to run in 2016 after using him to cover for Ocare?
Should drivers with poor driving history be required to take a biannual refresher?
is there a website i can go to and see when someone gets out of juvenile hall?
Will Obama-care be Shovel Ready by end of March?
NTC (National Training Center) Rotation-What is It Like?
im u.s citizen now..and im planning to petition my wife.shes in the phillipines.?
Should I be a burglar?
How can I get my deceased dads Vietnam POW record?
What is libertarianism?
What does it mean when someone says \when he gets drunk, he becomes a different person\?
Should hanging and firing squads be brought back as methods of execution and should they be public?
Question regarding traffic violation ticket.?
Do North Korean civilians know the Soviet Union dissolved?
i fired his sorry butt.. does he still have a right??
so I need info about the army reserves.please?
Would you be arrested if you help a police officer disarm a suspect?
How to go to a University in America/Live there?
How long can u get for selling weed?
I looked at a picture of a child naked? please help?
When people say 'reverse racism', is that basically a way to try and justify their own racism?
Any other Democrats who regret voting for Obama?!?
Catalonia and Independence?
What do you consider the biggest lies that Liberals tell young Americans?
What type of assistance will be realistic for me ? having a baby alone.?
Politics: Does it sometimes irritate you that you are paying for someones welfare and they use it for booze?
legal advice on 50% 50 custody?
When will Barack Obama's birthday be a holiday?
Since the gop controls the House, why haven't they ever started proceedings to impeach Obama?
What do you think of the new security measures at my High School, aren't we full of paranoia in America?
Does prostitution exist in the animal kingdom like in exchange for food, seed, larvae, etc..knowingly?
How is it possible to \buy a lesser conviction?\?
Why is New york advertising tax free zones to start up businesses if?
Is Harry Reid blocking attempts to impeach Obama?
Can I terminate my lease when separating from the military (Navy) under the servicemembers civil relief act?
tea party, do u know what the flynn effect is?
How was French exploration of Canada different from England exploration?
Are German soldiers from World War II able to get a military burial in a post war Germany?
workplace and poop breaks!?
Are Republicans more religious in their Christmas-Holiday cards each year?
Do you need a license for a long gun in america?
What is your opinion on affirmative action?
I looked at child porn? PLEASE HELP?
Scotland how we doin?
becoming a shift manager for Wendy's with a felony?
What does the Customs, Immigration and Prison Officers do?
If you are pro-life why are you against Universal Health Care?
Bob and Brandy own a pistol registered in Bob's name.?
In light of the President's comments on his study of the Bible, can we trust the versions that exist today?
Are oligopoly stocks any more likely to outperform the s & p 500 than stocks in competitive industries?
Why are republicans even getting behind Christie?
Do socialists get offended when people call Obama a socialist?
Pros and cons of the use of either power politics or liberalism?
How do religious conservatives delude themselves into thinking their beliefs are consistent with Jesus?
Why do poor people own cars, flat screen TVs, Xboxes and cellular phones?
would it be considered child abuse to force your child to attend a majority-black school?
Anything politically trending that I can stir this section up?
Why do republicans keep dropping the ball when they have the game in the bag?
Are military codenames really used?
Can i join the RAF with an indefinite leave to remain?
Have you ever heard of a crazier leftwing idea than \guaranteed minimum income\?
Why is the media obsessed with Gov. Chris Christie?
Was fluoridation really a communist plot to weaken America? I learned this as a student at John Birch H.S.?
Marine have to wear Army uniform if on Army base?
Of the 20,000 denominations of Christians, there are some who claim theirs is the only one that is right so?
What would the Founding Fathers feel about Obama...pride, disgust, indifference, etc?
how to get a sure spot in the armys airborn. airborn/army recruiter please help me out.?
Did the Trayvon Martin story teach urban youths that playing the Knockout Game could have consequences?
Will this dash cam video help my defense?
Do Mississippians have pride in Mississippi like Texans have in Texas?
Is child pornography really out there?
i got suspended and they didnt tell me why?
Our highest tax rate was 80% during the golden 50s. our highest tax rate of 80% and no market crashes from?
Why am I so fat and ugly?
If three gay Republicans are running openly, how many gay Republicans are hiding their sexual preference?
Who do you think will be the first full hispanic president of the US?
Question about national guard deployment and national emergencies?
If it was Liberals who promoted slavery in antebellum days, why are Cons so protective of that?
Found a diamond that I had replaced with a warranty, is it legal to sell it?
Can I get him in trouble now?
Are the GOp's minions so mean spirited because their party is dying such an embarrassing death?
Do Democrats not know that their party has a greater history of racism than Republicans?
(CA) If you get cited with marijuana on probation with a medical card, what law states only violate probation?
Fellow Americans: if we are really upset about how are government is doing things, why dont we just protest?
Why do liberals constantly pull the race car?
Can I have a better life outside the US?
when will the USS Gerald R. Ford enter service?
Why are more and more White people killing Blacks claiming they were standing their ground ?
Is it going to be a Marijuana Superbowl?
Have we passed the point of no return for a 3rd world war?
What would happen if we outlawed tobacco, alcohol, and kept pot illegal to help people live healthy?
Was President Obama endorsing marijuana legalization today or just saying he doesn't think it is?
Is President Obama right in his comments today about marijuana?
Will con \stay at home voters\ do the same thing again in \16\?
Can I sue my school for abuse?
Politics: Do you think that law enforcement should get MRAP heavy duty military trucks?
When a Country goes to War does going to War always effect a country's Economy in a Positive Way?
Why is the doper President encouraging kids to smoke pot?
Watching porn on PC. Legal or not?
Do you agree with Obama that the problem people in America who need to be punished are those that work full?
Do Cons think Bush's warrantless wire tap program is the same as the NSA data mining program?
How are potential immigrants evaluated before entering Canada?
Should \garden citys\ be built in the countryside?
Why do Cons keep repeating the lie Obama ran against the NSA data mining program?
Are you going to take a stand to uphold net neutrality?
Does a will have to be witnessed in order to be valid?
What legal actions do I have in this situation?
The NSA has been collecting everybody's phone records since 2006 so how did Obama expand it?
Should a sitting president of the US be trying to divide us by race by playing the race card?
Who are some of the most important people in parliament?
What are the human rights of canada and the canadian chart of rights and freedoms?
If marijuana is legalized what happens to those imprisoned already for possession of the drug?
What do you think about the Nigerian anti-gay law with I4 years imprisonment if found guilty?
Is the \Tale of Two Cities\ mentality to be blamed for this. Why are people so hard on their lawyers?
Im irish and im wondering how old do you have to be to fly to canada alone?:)?
How can I, a US citizen, stay for more than 90 days in the UK with my spouse?
Cameron to stop benefits for immigrants who can't speak English is he right?
Do you recognize the American rule of law when you see it?
As a lifelong resident of Florida with a steady job in the entertainment industry why are Cubans?
Can you get hung if caught smoking a joint in Texas?
Do you agree or disagree with Obama?
HELP NEED OPINONS!! DONT ASK WHY I ASKED YOU GUYS , I JUST WANT OPINIONS FROM EVERYONE! THANKS IN ADVANCE!?
\Libertarians\: How do you feel about the government issuing patents and copyrights?
How would a dolphin go about running for public office in the United States?
Can i join the canadian forces?
What is the official name for allowing a foreign army to cross your country's airspace?
Politics: What benefits am I entitled to if I become a illegal?
Guys I need help ASAP!!!!!!!!?
Am I screwed for a job application?
Is South Korea in war with the USA?
Why has George Bush Sr. gotten away with countless child abuse claims?
drop out or be homeschooled?
True or False; Corporate tax burdens are shouldered by the rich?
Should we halve or do away with the corporate tax?
if you're in a wheelchair do you get money from the government?
Burglary and conspiracy to commit other crimes?
Is liberal tax theory socialistic?
Who should Hillary choose for Vice President?
With NFL games being played at night how is drunken driving prevented?
is there a possibility of the bail conditions being removed on 2nd court date?
Would Martin O'Malley make a good president?
Will Maryland Governor Martin O'Malley become Vice Presidential Nominee in 2016?
Did Obama really promise us more \Transparency\ with the NSA?
Are beached whales the result of submarines turning up their sonar too loud?
Can anyone explain why every world leader scoffs at John Kerry and know he is not competent?
Why does Islam paint Christian world with the same brush, but others must discriminate when we say terrorists?
Obama's administration says there's been No hacks in the ACA?
Is anyone else bothered by the fact that the Obama administration has \misled\ us yet again?
Is a train fine a criminal offence?!?
How long will interest rates need to stay low due to the debt?
Why do liberals hate Ronald Reagan so much?
Obscenity and the criminal law?
Who do you think is smarter Ronald Reagan, John McCain, Mitt Romney Barack Obama, or Bush?
Obama says he has a phone and a pen and Congress is no longer needed, How will this affect our future?
How can I get a US Visa?
Why do liberals think that all conservatives cater only to the rich?
Why doesn't the mayor of Hoboken, NJ want to develop the land? Why is she blaming Christie for this?
why is it you can't watch some videos but you CAN download them!?
Random trivia question - what is Barack Obama's middle name?
Shoplifting - then and now?
Should food stamps be restructured to be more like WIC?
Should I send my letter to the governor's mansion, or to his PO box?
Of these four, which is the best reason to vote Democrat?
Liberals and Conservatives: Do you really know anything about the other?
Why are there more male politicians then women politicians?
is tv just a trick to get me to watch commercials?
Do you agree with Fox's brilliant political commentator Ann Coulter that if marijuana were legalized...?
Army or Air Force? Differences between the two?
Do you ever report people, and for what do you report them? What circumstances?
Politically speaking is this how you pitch a tent?
I have an interview for the British Army on Thursday (continued in additional details)?
Do you realize you don't need a legitimate reason to impeach the President?
Have you seen Obama's latest comment on Marijuana?
What happens if you get caught with Marijuana with your recommendation (MJ Card) not with you in California?
US Army ranger or US Marine?
How do you have a debate about federal spending with people who think the President has more power over?
Looking for a good Service Weapon?
With Chris Christie's political future ruined, who will be the GOP frontrunner for 2016?
Beastiality equals criminal obscenity charges?
Do you think mankind can survive without a government?
US court system - small town courthouses?
How many death row inmates kill themselves?
Is Wikipedia All Legal?
prior service for army natiinal gaurd?
What are some good books about US politics that you have personally read?
Why was the Middle East a much safer place when Saddam Hussein was leader of Iraq?
How many GOP Presidents have we had since 1973, and how many times has Roe V. Wade been overturned?
Do you think Barack Obama is doing what George W. Bush wishes he could do?
Politics: What are the pets Obama has?
Air force gas chamber?
Is 'Saturday Night Live' not supposed to be laugh out loud funny?
Why doesn't the liberal media just back off and let people have their own opinions about gays?
What are you supposed to do if a homeless person refuses to leave your property?
If i admitted to my wife smoking weed how long would i need to wait before applying to another police dept?
why do some human beings want to abort there babies?
What is Christianity teaching us about dealing with the economical collapse?
Why does a hearse cost £500 to hire for half a day?
Would you rather have Nixon president right now?
Poll: are you liberal or conservative?
who is your favorite human rights activist?
Do you think we are the most civilized country in the world?
How can Obama say that pot is not as bad as booz?
Is this illegal to do this?
In the US military, can a any rank carry any gun?
Conservatives. Can my cat start a business?
What does Russian President Vladimir Putin need to do to prove Russia isn't anti-gay?
Army joining process?
American troops murdering innocent people?!?
How to work as an accountant in America?
did Dick Cheney make a deal with a balrog or something?
Are you proud to be an American?
With divisions and fractures occurring within the Christie belt, investigations and debate increasing?
Mother in law issues?
What does \you have a very Irish face\ mean? Is that a good thing? this chick last night told me?
Who is worse? Rich Republicans or Democrats?
BJP MP from Uttarakhand seeks official status for Tamil. What is your comment?
Why should illegal immigrants get affirmative action benefits?
Does this make any sense? What if your community did this?
Why should US citizens have to pay money to go to Illegal Migrants?
Who do pro-lifers care more about a non-viable fetus than a viable living endangered species?
Is Snowden a traitor or a hero?For me a hero cause he protected American civil liberties from LOBBYSTS?
Self defense, pulling an knife.?
Why Americans accept Wealth Inequality while most of them are POOR?75.4% of all wealth is owned by the riches?
Do you think Barack gained any credibility with his NSA speech with all the evidence to contrary by Snowden?
Will my son have dual Brazilian/American citizenship?
Why do people describe Bush as a Cowboy and Obama as a Thug ?
right wingers, what do you REALLY mean when you say you want your country back?
What if Chris Christie had been caught in a Weiner scandal?
weapons?! why should they be banned?
Why IN ALL DEVELOPED NATIONS richest 10% of the people own MOST of all wealth?
I am a little worried about joining cadets?
Priot AF Enlisted to Westpoint?
Can Chris Christie stand on his own weight?
Why was the Boston bombing suspect charged as an enemy combatant under the NDAA?
Wealth Inequality in America? Why? Do Americans protest?75.4% of all wealth is owned by the richest 10%?
Have you heard that on California beaches no one is allowed to collect shells and bring them home with them?
Why USA(= LOBBIES) hates ARABS and STEAL them RESOURCES to become RICH?
Could he have been charged with anything for almost accidentally killing someone?
Is it possible to get any foreign passport in 5 years or less?
Obama being president is proof that liberals are getting dumber everyday.?
how can I do better at the asvab test?
What are the purposed laws to protect the Sasquatch in Canada and the U.S.A?
Did Israel had to make cuts to government gas masks?
Conservatives why do you want to do away with the United States Post Office when it is in the Constitution?
If Gov. Chris Christie lost 119 lbs. and changed his name to Lucas Christie would you like him even more?
Why do left wingers keep forgetting they spent 8 years comparing Bush to Hitler, and now they're shocked?
Why do political parties promise things then blame the other side when they fail?
Has anyone ever successfully changed a liberal's \mind\?
Does it seem like the left wing is becoming more hateful lately? Why is that?
In Michigan, if a tenant moves, owing rent?
Is this an administrative error or some secretary making a mistake?
Ambassador Stevens left the secured embassy in Tripoli to spend a couple of days at an unsecured consulate?
How can we tell in advance when socialism is a mask for fascism?
Is Christie dead, will he run again for NJ Governor?
for how long army widow will get the full family pension?
Shall we pretend the Cons are correct about global warming for a moment?
Can the CIS be compared in any way the the EU ?
I heard that ACA, Obama care, is offering free birthcontrol items. Is it true?
Why do people say that Louisiana people are stupid?
signing rights over if both parents agree?
why do liberals refuse to talk about Obama's lie of 8 million new recipients of healthcare insurance?
Malaysia is a second world country or not?
What are the pros/cons of the Air Force vs the Army?
What do I need to get off of home confinement early?
If a person is straight, then how is it possible to not be attracted to an ENTIRE race?
how do i win a fight over grandparents rights in az?
Should there be any segments or industries in the US economy that should only be operated as non-profit?
Who's the best American President?
Is the assessment that Health is a Right but Health Care is at best an entitlement?
Stealing/writing fake prescriptions?
How are we not a police state?
does china has a copycat spaceship?
Army active duty with ged?
Would martial law work in the us?
Are the global warming conspiracy theorists ready for round two?
we want to marry I live in US she live in Africa can she come here and marry me and live here?
Do you think the benefit system is too harsh/lenient?
Why are Americans against Freedom of religion?
If there are such things as good cops why dont they take the bad cops slam them to the ground and arrest them?
Is it true that you cannot sue a government entity in the state of Texas?
Has the media already elected Hillary Clinton as our next president?
there is more deaths / violence daily in Chicago than Baghdad, why doesnt the media cover the truth?
Army 12Y (Geospatial Engineers) with Airborn?
Why are some calling for the Executives of Freedom Industries be sentenced to death by firing squad? Justified?
Will other American Governors follow Cuomo's lead and come out and say what types?
What will happen to Conservatives in NY State, jail time, firing squads, or lynchings?
What city is worse, Chicago or Kabul?
Emancipation at seventeen?
It has occurred to me that the national Guard should serve Israel as our armed forces boys - method?
Do Chris Christie and Kim Jong Un carry alot of political weight?
what is the command for halting cadets at ease?
The Headline says \Dennis Rodman checks into Re-hab\. Do you think Kim Jong Phat thinks he is?
Cannon affecting asthma stop me from getting into the military?
Would This Be Blackmail Or Not?
Do modern theories about psychology suggest that love and hate are closely intertwined?
Have the progressives been duped for a few promise of entitlement?
Do white-male liberals suffer from a mental illness or perhaps Stockholm Syndrome?
is it academically honest for obama to count renewed medicare recipients as new enrollments in aca?
How do I get a job in Area 51?
how long in jail for warrant?
It would be absurd to draw any conclusions from this data. RIGHT?
How is everyone coping with the Obamacare disaster?
Why are UK Family Courts so biased towards women ?
Is it ever ok to break the law?
Is it ever ok to break the law?
Will the guy from \the bachelor\ be destroyed by Libs for openly opposing gays?
What did you get Michelle for her 50th Birthday Party ?
What would be the sentence?
If my irish passport renewal form got sent off today, how long will it take?
If a gift is purchased in my name, is it legally mine?
Can you shoot a home invader in Australia?
Why do US citizens vote US President?
Seems NY now has a brilliant governor?
Gun owners, what is more likely, getting seriously depressed, losing your job, bankruptcy, illness,?
Why isn't spike Lee in prison for trying to put out a hit on Zimmerman through twitter?
Why do Republicans appear so mean spirited when it should be a time for peace and love thy neighbor?
Libs isn't the bush administration looking not as \evil\ as you believed now?
Recent study shows 30% of N.C. B.Ball and F. Ball College students read at elementary school levels, is this?
Would China turn no. 1 economy in the world pushing US to no. 2 or 3?
Is this harassment or understandable?
Why do bjp supporters not like arvind kejriwal ?
If a company settles a case?
How do courts go about letting you know you are due for a hearing?
Are people losing EQ points?
Is Ted Cruz really an undercover Democrat in Tea Party clothing?
Who coined the phrase \guns don't kill people, dangerous minorities do\? ...offensive?
Do you think Martin Luther King's Nobel Peace Price should be revoked and given to Barack Obama?
Can a bus driver be fired for insulting a passenger?
What other equipment apart from shemagh is a magical force multiplier?
Are T5 Fat Burners legal to use before entrance of the British Army?
Can you get away with cheating at tech school?
I need some reasons on why people should and shouldn't go to war.?
How do you think I would be caught?
I'm not trying to be provocative but why are a lot of Mexican guys overweight?
How long is all training in the Navy, for an enlisted Sailor reservist? (including boot camp and A/C school?)?
Is it true that people with low I.Q's have higher levels of testosterone?
What made Hitler such a great leader ?
who is the grand father of india....?
when the allies met one another on a battle field what would happen? how would 1 side know the other is good?
What are the basic factors that prompts people to join Political parties?
Isn't feminism destroying America and westernized nations?
Is America still a great country and exceptional?
What is mass immigration?
In a Federal government how does monetary system work?
Vietnamese army whos first line were prisoners and would decapitate themselves?
i would like to go back to the purple yahoo i found the q&a more stimulating ?
I KEEP ASKING MYSELF, WHO DID I MISS?
Question about Creationism..............?
Which is the biggest fraud, Obamacare, the Federal Reserve, or Social Security?
What will happen to the Channel Tunnel if Britain leaves the EU?
How are infinite freedoms working out for the Somalian people?
do you think china plays dirty trick on innocent USA?
What would happen to the Democrat Party if all union membership was voluntary?
Should we make the legal age to buy sex toys (18+) lower and the legal age to have sex (16+) higher?
If i get an under the table driver's license, will the cops check it thoroughly and look up my picture?
will the liberal media follow me onto conservative soil ?but i suppose they will show their true colors ?
Since Obama initiated the least *new* spending in decades, why is he at fault for the debt?
Spanish riots - HS2 Rail Link UK ?
Will police enclose my name and identity to the abuser..?
Bank accounts !!!!!!!!?
Will MEPs disqualify me for having phimosis/paraphimosis?
Will it be hard to reenlist in the Navy with my circumstances?
Why do Liberals think its crime for a black person to be a Conservative!?
Why do white people feel the need to call muslims terrorists when...?
If you have a person's name and full Social Security number what's a good website to locate them with?
Is Navy Boot Camp fun?
Is there some sort of leadership & power vacuum in this country now like there's never been before?
I want to get into the military but I have a problem...?
Do you think Hillary Clinton is being sexist...?
In the wake of capitalism's disastrous record over the past forty years, do you believe?
Traffic stop: allowed to ask?
Should the US start reforms of Statehood for its Unincorporated organized territories?
Would a Medical Pro Bono system between the IRS & US Doctors have been a better alternative to Obamacare?
What job can I get after a uk army pilot?
Do I call the cops for a bad trade on craigslist?
Do you have a liberal on the ropes when they have to bring up Bush?
Why isn't President Obama using executive orders to tax the porn industry?
How do you think President Obama is doing now?
Why isn't Nick Clegg a great world leader?
Is it legal to fire an employee without even telling them?
Does court do drug tests?
Is the french military underestimated?
Is there anywhere in the Middle East (especially Dubai and Qatar) that is accepting of transgender people?
Questions about joining the Navy?
Since the ACA will undoubtedly increase demand for health insurance, how will it not increase the equilibrium?
Why are left wingers now creating the myth that Obama has not lied any more than other politicians?
Am I allowed to work in the US?
What happens To juvenile/adolescent $ex offenders?
How to live in America from Australia?
Why do Liberals think Employers will not drop Health Insurance under Obamacare because of costs?
Would it be better to disarm all the countries and revoke the government's license to kill?
What do republicans care about more?
Where can I call the aliens to kidnap the Republicans?
Why do Democrats trust centralized power so much?
What speaks louder to the republicans?
Do liberals understand that other Americans have a constitutional right to disagree with them on gun control?
It has occurred to me that the national Guard should serve Israel as our armed forces boys - best way?
Is there a book that proves Republicans have moved further right?
If Michael Moore ran for President and Bill Maher as VP, How Many Liberals would vote for him?
Will Iran comply with the nuclear deal? And what will happen if they're found to be in violation?
Examples of moral absence in government?
Do Arctic FEMA death camps really exist?
Should I reenlist marine reserves or army natiguard?
What sort of effect does a lit cigarette have on night vision equipment?
What do police do with confiscated marijuana. Is it ever smoked by police officers?
Why is there only one race that is capable of crashing real estate prices just by inhabiting the area?
Suspicious guy watching my house?
How can a free trade agreement where workers earn 30 cents an hour be good for jobs in USA??? anyone know?
Will the ACA work? If not, when will the USA join the free world and adopt universal health care?
Am i legally obligated to show a receipt when i exit wal-mart?
Politics: What's the penalty for rejecting Obamacare?
Would you grant an entitlement for a house cleaning?
Did Yahoo discontinue the new format because it favored conservatives by?
Why do liberals always resort to accusations of racism?
Would Jesus stand for limits on his gun magazines?
Will I die right away if I join the marines?
What did Chris Rock mean when he said in stand up, \I love Black People but I hate NGGRS\?
What are some punishment to give NCO for being 1hour late all the time who works 14-15 hours a day?
Could Republicans actually start a revolution with all their guns and whatnot?
Do you have to go to boot camp in order to become a navy medic?
What European countries lets you have a citizenship?
in your opinion what should be legalized?
Is Cuomo, the governor of NY anti Christian? He just said that Christians need to get out of NY?
Would you be in trouble for this?
My mentally disabled father purchased two phones during his manic state. Can I return them? Please help!?
Dosen't this just about sum up the Obama economy?
Why do Police Officers act like everyone should respect them?
What are my chances of getting an NROTC scholarship? How can i increase my chances?
Is it true that the Average Liberal Woman is more Attractive & Classy than the Average Conservative woman?
Do you think Ben Carson or Allen West will be the hail Mary VP choice for 2016 for Republicans...?
Why do progressives pretend to be American?
Reason why it would be a mistake to bring a war to US soil?
How excited do you think Republicans would be about a Ben Carson/Allen West ticket for 2016...?
It seems to be completely up for grabs. Who do you like and why?
why did Ted Kennedy and LBJ decide it would be great to let in tens of millions of third world immigrants?
If Christians followed Jesus, wouldn't they try to spread the wealth equally to every person in the world?
why do liberals promote promiscuity for teenagers and abortion?
Politics: Who are the real racists? Liberals or Conservatives?
The weight of lying is but a feather compared to the boulder of social triumph that is acceptance?
This Target thing - shows how much better private enterprise is than government protecting private info?
Why would people completely forget how & why talk radio became conservative in the 1990's?
Why do cons talk about communism like its bad?
Once we take it back in 2016, should we bring back McCarthyism and blacklist progressives?
I am still curious to know what police officers think about the acquittal of Manuel Ramos and Jay Cicinelli?
Coast guard CGSI program and other options?
Why does Hollywood blacklist communists and honor Woody Allen?
Would modern liberals have been blacklisted in the 1950's?
Army National Guard Vs Active?
Why doesn't healthful, timely reproduction fit in with being a self supporting worker-parent?
How can you get a birth certificate, for the first time, at age seventeen?
if America became embroiled in a race war would you fight with your own race?
Who would you like to see President / VP in 2017?
When is 0bamaCare going to start becoming affordable to those who work?
How long to connect the dots before Gov. Christie is impeached?
My boyfriend and I both 18 were involved in a crime scene. He ran a 65 year old woman while she ran across the?
Mitch McConnel just threatened impeachment on Fox News, saying we need a new president before oil companies...?
Are there more disadvantages than advantages in free trade agreements?
There has been a 2 year severe drought, and gas prices from wars and mideast revolutions, supermarket prices..?
question about Marijuana use in Colorado?
Conservatives want more Benghazi hearings? Will they call in the CIA and staff to AGAIN be told there was no..?
The dollar has only increased in value against foreign currencies the last 5 years. The 2 year drought is...?
Do people not like Smoking Joe in this section?
Do I have to go back into the National Guard after ROTC?
did we ever find out how much a woodchuck can chuck?
Can one become 100% military service connected and receive social security at the same time?
Cook county, Il, I'm going to court, most likely prison, can I go into court with a book?
Is this proof that George Bush was behind 911?
Politics: Is there really a difference between a black person and a \N\ word?
If liberals are the \real\ racists, why do liberal candidates get 80% of the minority vote?
Democrats picked up 5 seats in the 1998 midterm elections, the first time ever an incumbent (Clinton) did that?
Is It Illegal To Research UFOs?
Would you prefer to be unequally rich, or equally poor?
I just read today about a guy cleaning his gun that went off, through two walls, and struck his daughter....?
Except for getting Bin Laden, doubling the DOW, unemployment at 6.7%, halving the deficit...?
Who would win in a fight, Hillary Clinton or Sarah Palin?
Can sarin gas be used in the form or smoke balls or grenades?
Is bill mahr your typical far left loon?
Can my mom sue her primary Dr. for sexual harrasment?
WHo is more crazy Bill Mahr or Edward Snowden?
Wondering how child support and family maitness works?
How come the rules must always change to accommodate Blacks, but Black behavior is never required to change?
Do you believe Chris Christie for even one minute?
I need legal help please?
Republicans got hammered in midterms following the failed impeachment of Clinton. Thats how they lost Congress?
Should schools repeal rules against being disruptive, because they disproportionately punish blacks?
Thinking of joining the navy, what should I expect?
I need help figuring out what to do with my stuff after BMT?
Did the GOP choose two milquetoast POTUS candidates in a row to set up the Obama regime?
Why is the Police Academy like Military traning?
Did you also not vote for Mitt Romney because there was little difference between him and Obama?
Would Milton Freidman's \negative income tax\ proposal be deemed too \left wing\ today?
If black students get expelled from school at higher rates who's fault is that?
Can a police officer get ticketed by another police officer?
Do you think policemen and pedophiles should be allowed to vote in governmental elections?
What a treasure of documentaries on Lincoln are on Youtube have you ever seen these videos ?
Can I travel within the US with a Mexican passport?
If someone comes after you physically is it legally okay to fight them?
Why haven't the Democrats pushed harder on redistricting & Gerrymander reform ?
Explain to me how conservative thought at its core is racist?
Can Republicans ever hope to win the Presidency again without supporting gay marriage?
It has occurred to me that the national Guard should serve Israel as our armed forces boys - best way?
Is Canada Really being protected by the US?
Why doesn't the US government want to research the pros and cons of cannabis?
Is it greed to want to keep what you work for or by wanting a free ride by those that work?
Neither is not an answer; if there were general elections TODAY; Who would you vote for; Bush Jr. or Obama?
Do you need a ROTC scholarship to be in ROTC?
Chris Christie: \Mistakes were made.\ \I am not a bully.\ Weird echos from the past?
Politics: Its Saturday, where the hot Liberals girls at?
How is the Navy Boot Camp 2013 experience? for FEMALES?
So if Kim Jong Un keeps threatening South Korea the USA could still protect our country, North and South Ameri?
Who would rather listen to in a political debate? Obama, Kim Kardashian, Judge Judy, Nancy Grace or Hillary C?
I have a question about the air force reserve?
Why didn't the president attend church services on Christmas this year?
Do we need to write the extreme hardship, if we have more than 15 years from commit crime - 212(a)(2)(A)(I) (c?
Will the definition of \natural born\ be clarified if Ted Cruz runs?
Why do Liberal women get so envious of conservative women? Is it because they have expensive diamond rings?
Will the real President, ples identify himself?
i wrote some hot checks and wondering what will happen?
is this enough evidence for AOS interview?
If Liberals can't keep the environment in W. Virgina spill free why complain about Global Warming to Cons?
Why didn't Teddy Cruz throw some green eggs and ham at the $1.1 trillion omnibus spending bill?
Can I speak for my mother in traffic court?
If North Korea decides to strike the USA How many nuclear bombs would they need?
Do conservatives want small government?
Why do liberal women hate women who are not like themselves?
what are the odds the fist black potus wouldn't have any American slave ancestry?
Liiberals: Why are you against a diversity of thought?
Would it be unconstitutional to ban black people from the country?
Why do people hate Obama so much?
Do i have to show the other parent a doctor's note?
A couple of questions about military?
Whats the minimum you can serve as an officer in the British army?
Who is more likely to support, defend and obey the United States Constitution? A liberal? or a conservative?
Can you get denied buying a gun if you're a foreigner.?
How much trouble would I be in if I did this to the cops?
would Obama become a hero for the ages if he just did a motorcade down Kennedy's route?
18 year old female who wants to go into the military, Advice PLEASE?
Whose the best president of the 20th century ?
Why do liberals on YA never answer questions but they attack your source or they attack you?
Laws to offering to write separation agreements?
Republicans: If gun control isn't the answer, then what is? Obviously we have to do something!?
Should snack foods be banned in Florida?
My ex was allowed to file bankrupt instead of paying me after court ruling.?
Do Democrats realize how their party has changed since J.F.K?
If Nazi Germany was a socialist state, as many right wing conservatives like to believe, then why?
I am a pagan, does that mean that I am a communist/terrorist?
Is GOD punishing California for it's leftist ways?
Will the NSA let congress change their rules, cut their power, or will NSA expose congress's dirty laundry?
Why ban CDC from researching gun violence?
What are the pros and cons of joining the military?
What do you imagine Trayvon Martin would be doing now if still alive?
How are the Declation of Independence and the Constitution similar?
Does the NSA know where all the skeletons are buried on every elected national official?
why does the US prescribe 10X more Ritalin per capita, to children, than anywhere else?
What's the likelihood that a caring, unselfish, Charity giving liberal like me would sign a prenup?
Didn't liberals say Canada has great healthcare system?
Would you sue your brother if he defrauded you and took part of your inheritance?
if you were in a foxhole, would you rather have gw bush, obama, romney, or hillary clinton watching your back?
Why didn't Hillary Clinton serve in the military?
Why don't Republicans support Small Government on abortion and gay marriage?
Why do people attack the top 1%, when the bottom 1% never gave me a job?
What rating in the NAVY definitely get OC sprayed?
Why do liberals hate us so much?
Isn't it pretty clear that America is doomed?
Do you think Samuel Adams was a terrorist??
why are firefighters called firefighters when they don't fight fires they just put them out with water?
Most left-winged party in the USA?
are you women looking forward to being drafted into war if WW3 ever breaks out?
How much money was saved from dropping the Atomic Bombs on Hiroshima and Nagasaki?
Does anyone knows how long the work hours are for navy aviation machinist mates?
What's the sentence for convicted rape in US (or Canada)?
What's wrong with the TPP?
Why is turning 18 years old supposed to mean that you are \legal\?
With 1.7 million students homeless in the untied states are we doing enough to remedy this?
When are you legally obligated to go to boot camp ?
how many children did Jimmy Savile kill while he was being protected by MI5?
Do you think the women of Texas will be showing up in unprecedented numbers to vote for Wendy Davis?
Why was NAFTA devised during Bush l, and passed during Clinton's watch?
Shouldn't the age you can be on you're parents health care insurance be raised?
Is word \FIX\ the WH code for Destroy? Any examples if you agree?
iranians are persian ?
Why should I have to pay back my student loans?
Navy, marines, or army for me?
Navy, marines, or army for me?
Is there a hint of racism inherent in Democratic policy?
if Republicans win 2016 does that mean Obamacare can be repealed? do you need 51% of congress+president?
How is India recognized and instantly remembered by others people and parts of the world ?
why does Obama get that the american people do not care about privacy?
army horrible discharge hat or cap?
Why is Hillary Clinton interested in running for president in 2016?
What is the reason the National Rifle Association is against reasonable gun control?
why dont anti-choice people move to Iran?
Liberals, if Fox News isn't creditably how is \Republicans are Racist.com\ creditably?
When a employer tells u he needs a copy of your state iD an social security number does that mean your hired?
Can we really trust a party that puts men like this in positions of responsibility?
Voting and Polls how do they..?
Why are liberals hostile toward capitalism?
What age is considered adult for dating? 18 or 21?
Can a 17 year old date a 30 year old?
Should the Congress pass a law that limits debate to a certain number of days only?
In about 2020-2040 when blacks or colored people become the US majority will they treat whites fairly?
Why was a 911 dispatcher not fired for hanging up on a distraught person?
What % of congress is needed to write a bill that supersedes or overrides Obamacare. is it 2/3 majority?
When will I receive my first letter from marine recruit?
A question for those who oppose welfare?
Is it right for an uncorrupted, well-managed place controlled by a corrupted, rule-less, incompetent regime?
TRUE or FALSE: Obama is worse than Bush ?
Do you believe war is always wrong? Do you believe the reason we fight most wars? Are any wars necessary?
Police officers: Are you ok with bending the rules if you truly believe it will put the right men behind bars?
is this military section receiving more questions for a reason?
Is their a possibility I could join the military?
What is stronger, discipline or self discipline?
Getting my car shipped to hawaii?
Hypothetically, will our health insurance premiums go back down when the Republicans repeal Obamacare?
When does adult entry start for the british army ... 17 or 17.5?
Why do SOME Liberals think that Conservatives don't like Obama because he's black?
how long will it take msnbc to fabricate a tape, memo.... to directly connect Christie to traffic jam?
Is liberal/progressivism creeping into our armed forces?
should I join marine force recon and then later on join the navy seals. I'm 19?
Mom forcibly kicked me out of the house.?
Why are Republicans in favor of redistribution of wealth in giving it all to the top 1%?
If liberals are so tolerant, why do they always call conservatives \retards\ or some other variation?
Obstruction of justice. Jail or fine? What to expect?
Are Republicans throwing Chris Christie under the bus and claiming he's a Democrat?
Why do conservatives always use arguments based on false premises?
What is a Mr C Christie going to do, now that his career in Politics is over?
What is the difference between the three branches of the Nuclear Field for the Navy?
Did I do the right thing as a security guard?
Why would a nice guy like Chris Christie hold Sandy Recovery Funds for ransom to get more endorsements?
Are Republican lawmakers sweating about what Christie might say?
How much do British Army Reserve soldiers get?
If I get a Visa to work as a maths teacher in the U.S. can I stay?
Why do so many American parents choose to raise murderers?
If Health Care is a right then what is the point of ObamaCare?
Should All Electronic Data be protected by the Fourth Amendment?
did rockstar steal my money?
If we could understand baby talk would a baby in the womb tell us that the bogey liberal tried to get them?
Should talking or texting while driving carry the exact same penalties as drunk driving?
what is social security in.?
Is it normal for Facebook to stress me out?
Can I Get A Criminal Record For The Following !!!!?
What are the effects of Child pornography, and is it the same a Nudists.?
Waiting on a waiver for my height n weight for army, how long does it take and will it get approved?
T or F: When the politician is Republican, left wingers blame the politician. When the politician is Democrat?
who else tried to stop the Communist takeover of Europe apart from Hitler?
KASHMIRE GET FREED HELP?
If liberals could blame the GOP for the ACA, would they denounce it?
If Conservatives support Freedom Liberty why are they against Marijuana legalization?
Why don't you have respect for little kids in politics?
Deja vu: Obama promises to end warrantless wiretaps. Again. Should we trust him this time?
Can you take the EMT-B course in Iowa?
Do you think me and little Bobby could be friends?
how can Leftists compare \Bridge-gate\ to Obamas abuses?
Does the existence of the 13,000 year old space station indicate Neanderthal went to space, too?
I'm brazilian/spanish and I want to live in Australia?
will it be easier for the aliens to invade if everyone has cancer caused by?
Don't you wish conservatives were as diligent about investigating 911 as they are about Benghazi?
Can I be a police/correctional officer over 40?
question about joining US army?
Who is better politician Barack Obama or Edward Snowden?
Could stricter regulations have prevented the WV chemical spill?
not a question just an observation?
Can I legally operate a low-power radio station with no government license?
Is it better to change my name before i apply for college or after?
If my school didnt teach about Nelson Mandela enough as MLK does that mean we are not Multicultural enough?
what is \rock the vote\?
Before Obama was the president, when was the last record high period of the DJIA? How soon did it crash?
How many times must forced vaginal ultrasounds be defeated before conservatives get the point?
Should my second name be exactly as my father's first name for passport application ?
if you listened to others and did it there way and the results were no life for years and years would you keep?
Why do republicans love guns/weapons so much?
Do you have to qualify for ranger PT to get Option 40?
Did you have reasons to boycott Hollywood even before the latest Woody Allen debacle?
Should I accept a cash offer for a car accident, or go through my insurance company?
Can anyone give me a solution to this problem?
Conservatives fought returning banking regulations tooth and nail, like having reserves on hand, not playing..?
Tourist visa for Thailand.?
is our relationship wrong?
what is the reddest most conservative Republican state that hates the liberal media and others ?
Conservatives and Glenn Beck have been claiming a double dip recession was coming with market collapses that..?
Are there any mental asylums currently running in the USA?
What to do with my extra money?
We are now in the 2nd year of the worst drought in 100 years. Will Fox News figure out that raises Supermarket?
Why do people say \you just cant fight city Hall, And is it true that we cant even if we tried?
Suppose U had the power to force the Supreme Court to rule any way U wanted, would U ever use that power?
Besides the DOW doubling, the deficit cut in half, and unemployment at 6.7%, is Obama the worse President...?
as healthcare costs have risen over the past couple decades, health insurance costs have increased as well.?
Does 10 counts of something mean?
Will I get a letter from job seekers cancelling and automatic cancelation?
What exactly is our bloated military budget defending?
Will we keep going year after year politicizing and dividing the country, Or when do we stop and unite?
do any yahoo users on here have a clue as to why i would hate the liberal media or federal govt.?
Am I legally authorized to work in the U.S.?
What is Obama approval ratting among the military, have not seen any data on this lately?
Is God more serious about the First Commandment or the Second Amendment?
If the North Korean Navy decided to drive its ships near the US, would there be any conflict?
Leftists, do you still believe the narrative that Obama is a \Washington outsider\?
Is this really the quality of UKIP politicians ?
Was it dems or repugs who created the NSA and their Gestapo like spin-offs?
Did the president ease and set aside your fears regarding NSA yesterday?
Has Billy O'Reilly ever railed against marijuana legalization while enjoying a fine scotch?
What hair length is the best for a woman going to recruit training?
can i put the copyright symbol?
Commercial Food Policy?
Is it time to cease trade with Japan, until they stop this method of captivity?
Do you prefer dangerous liberty or \safe\ tyranny?
someone help me please?
Do you wail about big government intruding on your life while you wail about marijuana legalization?
How do you feel about the teachers in California suing their Union for requiring dues given that a person?
why are (some) Americans obsessed with Putin?
why should i have to be penalized because i will not go with the flow of this era in the world ?
Which party of big government will Americans vote for in 2014?
Do you think national government-run health care will perform as well as national government-run education???
When the administration stop the persecution of our insurance companies?
child support for local nationals if you're in the US Navy?
withhold final paycheck?
What am I getting into by joining the military?
does the constitution guarantee the right to pass gas. what if congress passed a bill outlawing this, would?
What has happened to the Obama Medical Plan.?
My Grandma used to vote Republican but she died in 1986 and now she votes Democrat?
As Billy O'Reilly visited his cardiologist to make sure his ticker is still OK after his marijuana rants?
Will Rand Paul run for President? Will he get the nomination? Will he be President?
Is Brent Bozell of the so-called Media Research Center just another annoying social tyrant?
Why is it that murderer Esmie Tseng can find a job when she violently murdered someone yet people who have..?
Why is Switzerland neutral&what does that mean?
How many aging leftists who demand loyalty to Obama and the state railed against the man in the 60s?
Is waiting before joining the military a bad idea?
Am I allowed to ask what kind of law enforcement jobs are available in the military?
Should employers have the right to dismiss people through the probationary period?
What's so great about individual freedom?
Shouldn't Conservatives embrace the black since a black man died for their freedom?
Cuba Played A Pivotal Role In The Fight Against Apartheid In South Africa, Does That Make Cuba Good Or Bad?
Do you think class envy was started witn Neanderthals vs Humans?
Why is Senator Tom Coburn resigning?
Do you get to change your name to a French name after becoming a citizen of France?
Should ENGLISH be made the official language of the United States?
what if I agree to unpaid orientation for Nissan MS?
If every Illegal could be rounded up and deported would there be enough JOBS?
how can anyone, do at least four years college, and still be so ignorant about the real world?
What did you really think about George W. Bush and his Presidency?
Fiscal losses in 2008-9 were easily equal to 1929. Can Republicans admit who was in charge when there was not?
Why is the Right always on the Wrong side of history?
What are the chances of this being busted?
Could Sean Hannity report the time of day without blaming Obama and liberals for it, and using it to attack...?
Parenting Plan violation, but not signed yet?
Of these four, which best justifies firing Senate Democrats?
is Books Legal? And do you hate Books?
Another Voter ID law struck down. Are any left, will more states still try?
is same sex marriage illegal in michigan?
Why do Blacks in Government try to impose their social norms, values, and culture on other people in the USA?
License to own, carry, and use a sword in public?
why is the government gonna start martial law?
Trillion dollar spending bill once again full of pork spending, when will the people demand a stop before this?
If I suspect a car dealer has done a fraudulent inspection, can I take it to another shop for a safety check?
Why didnt Britain have lots of Immigrants before 1940?
Who else would gladly take Bush back now?
Why do Republicans act so much like Islam, Is there a connection?
What should i study up on before joining the Royal Engineers as a Equipment Mechanic?
Is Hillary Clinton really getting ready to run for president and if she does will she be elected?
Is it legal to built a gun?
How do Cons feel about John Locke,the major inspiration for US constitution, saying the following.?
What factor will influence Joe Biden's VP choice most?
Should Congressmen/women be running for election every 4 years instead of every two years?
Is Hail and Destroy a good slogan to confront liberals moving into Texas?
Regarding Jehovah's Witnesses: What do you think are the legal implications ...?
Should I write this prisoner?
Who else is excited about the expose movie about the NRA coming soon?
Now that the middle class got screwed with the implementation of the Health Care Act. Why are people surprised?
Depression, anxiety, Navy- what should I do?? PLEASE help!!!?
Is there any specific reason Republicans think everyone else is dishonest?
Does John Kerry really believe that poverty causes jihad terrorism?
Is Obama one of the smartest men on the planet, Is that why hes so hated?
It it ok not to step in the brake if your in full stop in a flat lane?
Why are Yahoo answers blocking all Questions?
No best answer still yet.?
If Geoffrey Dhammer was so darned hungry why didnt he go to MC Donalds like most normal people?
Do lefties celebrate the situation in Zimbabwe?
Have you heard the latest Obama lie?
Have you seen the website \shadowstats?\?
Is anyone else as surprised as me that Freedom Ind. moved its assets out of the USA and filed for bankruptcy?
Is Obamacare on life support?
I want to live in Australia?
Why are military officers in combat so worried about getting outflanked?
Can the Constitution be changed to ban guns?
why aren't there any women on Navy Seal Team 6?
Can I still testify after 4-5 years?
Did Freedom Industries use WMD's in their war on the poor?
Why is a Missouri Republican trying to bring back Death by Firing Squad when this is typically a technique of?
should I have let them steal ?
will they help me out in life.?
i call police two times but they did not come for help?
Can i file case for not getting property share after grand father death?
Am I screwed for a job application?
Do I need a TV license?
Can someone put this paragraph on parole in other words?
How many countries have some form of universal health insurance? Which of those find it so bad that the people?
Will everyone join in writing the Ohio Supreme court and express their outrage about the?
Is it legal to tap a conversation in Tamil Nadu?
Have you considered that at least half of the Nation's debt belongs to George W Bush?
What would happen if Japan give's the Senkaku/Diaoyu islands to Taiwan and Apologizes for their war crimes?
Did Sarah Palin leave Wasilla Alaska in bondage with $20million in debt?
How do liberals manage to convince so many people that they can solve their problems by blaming others?
What can the British do to put an end to the present flood of mass immigration?
Are White Americans afraid of rise of people of other races in US?
In these tough post-Bush times I am thankful to have a Food Stamp President?
Should Bernie Sanders run the Progressive Ticket in 2016?
What do you think of this latest Tea Party Campaign video?
Sales of goods act, broken laptop after one year of use.?
What can go wrong if a government is spending, borrowing or printing more money in order prevent a default.?
Since leaving office, has any politician asked Dick Cheney to campaign for them?
Where will the Australian infantry get deployed since were pulled out of Afghanistan?
Should there be an option to have a Single-Payer College Education?
There's a rapist on the loose here, under what circumstances do I have the right to shoot him?
who else opposed the Communist takeover of Europe apart from Hitler?
What kind of degree do police officers need?
How often do Seabees see combat?
Can someone help me understand the UK fiancee/ spouse visa requirements?
If New Zealand was mostly inhabited by black Africans would it be a very poor and lawless country?
Cop wrote wrong speed limit on ticket... Can I get it thrown out?
Is there a logical fallacy regarding democrat \the rich hoarding money\ belief?
If Uganda was mostly inhabited by white Europeans would it be a much more developed country?
Is there a logical fallacy behind democrat \abortion\ policy?
Is there a logical fallacy behind the democrat \corporate welfare\ beliefs?
Is there a logical fallacy behind democrat \separation of church and state\ beliefs?
Is there a question about politics which won't be deleted?
Can a military officer arrest a mp if he committed a crime?
What type of political and economic structure would work for global government?
Who is the next Prime Minister of India? Will US welcome him?
Democrats: What is your objection to this?
Employee Caught Stealing at Walmart?
Do I need to apply for visa after it been six months?
Can someone please calmly explain this to me?
Uttering Threats in text?
For Military families, can a servicemember PCS without his family even if his 2 dependents are on his orders?
Shouldn't both democrats and republicans grant this lady Citizenship? Since she's gorgeous?
Is this Walker fulfilling his promise to the children of WI?
Who is going to be your Valentine?
Should politicians be relegated to a single term per office?
best president of the first half of the 20th century?
does court do drug tests?
You really think the government runs the country?
Is it legal to carry around a tomahawk?
Why are White people fleeing the Democratic Party in droves since 2008 ?
I got an in private browsing notice from the governent warning me of an arrest?
Why not run for office, women?
Why are Black Americans more isolated, and resistant to integration than black people in England and France?
When will LIEberals understand the brutal oppression endured by Christians in America?
Got caught stealing at work?
Can you retrieve stolen items from an inmate who had the items on him when he was arrested?
How to file a lawsuit when?
why are conservatives afraid of gays?
Why are liberals afraid of guns?
Do you believe that the US economy will get better or worse?
Why do liberals fail to understand the meaning or importance of the second amendment?
Is there a law in the USA where the president can overturn the Constitution and liberty of citizens?
Why do liberals only like democracy when it works in their favor?
Can i sue someone for posting an ad on craigslist casual encounter with my number and pics?
Why are Latin American countries with high percentage of pure Europeans more developed than mixed-race ones?
does this video show how useless the UN is when dealing with dictators?
What does it mean when recreational marijuana is legal in Colorado but not the US?
If China has adopted a free market system, why do they keep calling themselves Communist?
I'm facing ten years in prison?
Do you believe that martial law will be implemented in the near future in the USA?
experience on airborne infantry?
can a minor collect ss benefits from a parent in prison?
Is joining the (US) Navy a good idea?
Washington minimum wage actually low?
joining the army but having difficulties on to join or not?
Which side are you on?
Hoover a conservative president raised tax on the wealthy to 63%?
How to overcome fears of heights?
Dems, when you aren't advocating higher taxes, what do you do to keep it real?
If we elected Chris Christie as president in 2016, would he deal with all the corruption and fat cats in DC?
Should I report this to the cops?
Should we have mandatory psyche evaluations for our children prior to entering school and randomly after K-12.?
Should I defend my intelligence in this debate with a libertarian?
Why do people allow themselves to become puppets?
what is the SOCOM Medic trading course?
Why is it OK for a married woman to use a mans money but not a single woman?
How come Iibs teach kids everyone's a winner in sports competition but allow winners & losers in?
Having a family while in the army?
Does the marine corp have an HR department?
Why so much hate for bush?
Do conservatives deny that the ultimate goal of right-to-work laws are to?
Is it possible to outrun the cops nowadays?
What historical or fictional character does Obama most remind you of?Why?
What are the punishments for breaking a high school contract?
can some body on here please give me access so can find other people who may give me a place to stay ?
How do you get a restraining order extended?
Is it worth dedicating 20 years to the military?
What qualities make Obama such a respected statesman sought out by world leaders for advice?
President Obama is on the news saying that the NSA shouldn't be spying on our phone records?
Is this degree useful in the Navy?
Marine 0311 vs Army 11b?
What accomplishments while in office will Hillary run on in 2016?
Is anyone in the Obama regime capable of telling the truth ?
Can my dad sue his job?
Will the United States ever have another white male President?
Is Digital Spy Safe...?
Will the United States ever have a Jewish president?
Should taxpayer money be used for a convicted killers surgery?
Why are child \abuse\ laws so much different now than how they were back then?
Do you think if conservatives gut our intelligence capabilities complaining about data gathering, and another?
How do criminals operate when deciding which house to target for a burglary?
Is it treason to reject the federal government?
How stupid is the US Government to allow the Fed to exist?
Why do we always seem to get the dumbest answers in the Religion and Politics forums?
'If you like the government spying on you you can keep it', is this basically what Obama said today?
Will TN Extradite on a class (A) misdemeanor for theft under 500?
Lin Teugn files a complaint with the EEOC for national origin discrimination. His jurisdiction has a 706 agenc?
Isnt the Whole Data Collection saying you might be guilty someday so we are keeping everything now?
. Melinda wants to file a sexual harassment claim against her employer, but feels she cannot do so because he?
Is it illegal to send sexually explicit messages to someone who does not want to receive them?
Child abuse in the state of texas?
My friend is in legal trouble and I feel that it is my fault, what can I do?
Why is Texas using tax money to teach kids Christian fiction in public charter schools?
true or false? ObamaCare allows Obama to withdraw $$ from our bank accounts without our permission?
When will the U.S. Military people?
Going into the military with pre-diabetes?
Would I Get Arrested For This?
if u were one of the police officers what would u have done?
What strategy do you think that Argentina should use to recover the Falklands or at least get on well with?
Did Obama fix the whole NSA spying thing today is it over?
So a prisoner wants a sex change at the tax payers expense?
What are my chances of becoming a police officer?
How could something as stupid as a wet and wreckless keep someone outta the military?
will the NSA be sued?
Anyone can answer, but I am most interested in what conservatives think. If Jeb Bush runs for President would?
Liberals: How can I shoot back without a rifle?
Why do our fellow Republicans act like the Keystone cops?
can you take ged classes and join the army at the same time ?
Will we all eventually be victims of sinkholes, And since they're man made is that murder Will the rich be?
Why do conservatives and conservative protestants get divorced more?
Which political commentator you prefer the most? MSNBC's Lawrence O Donnell or Fox New's Bill O Reilly?
Conservatives: what's so freedom-loving about these principles?
Why do some people say or think that it is bad to watch tv?
Can we fix our medical system without fixing the illegal immigrant-status issue?
Is it patriotically irresponsible to vote straight-ticket?
Should the right to bear arms in a concealed fashion be limited to pirvate property?
why does Iran exist, why haven't we wiped it off the map already?
Military Enlistment Denied/Bipolar Misdiagnosis/No appeal/ Can I go to the Supreme Court?
If Obamacare is so wonderful?
Stephen Harper's moral leadership, isn't he the most moral and righteous PM of Canada in decades?
How can the US secure the boarder permanently?
If I was a royal engineer in the uk army would I fight?
Do you boil your water and add a drop of bleach in it?
Have you noticed? The more a Con talks about \hard work,\ the less of it he does?
Why are these conservatives threatening to \cause a revolution\ to \take the country back\?
Can I become a cop with history of schizophrenia?
HOW CAN I MIGRATE MY FAMILY?
can I complain the police and have they broke law.?
Isn't there a danger of a bad majority rule in Parliament because it has no?
If you have been a Sociologist in Criminal Justice for 16 years, Can you become a Forensic Nurse?
Was I Wrong to HIT My Landlord?
Are Communist sympathizes, people who can't cut it in life & think people should sacrifice...?
Can you fight for grandparents right?
What happens if the MOS I want is not available when I go to enlist in the military?
How safe is it to hav a prison pen pal?
If a severely drunk person rapes another person...?
My boss at work makes me worship her feet?
MEPS and High Blood Pressure?
How will the colleges increase access to entry as Barack wants?
I am prior service Navy and getting ready to join the USMC. I just retook my ASVAB and received and AFQT of 77?
I'm currently deployed and got fired from my civilian job. What can I do?
Is this a Violation of the Protection/No Contact order or is he in the clear? My old order expired?
Who do you think is doing more harm to Americans? Russian president Vladimir Putin? or Barack Obama?
Does children's division have the right?
Would George HW Bush have been a good president had he chose someone other than Dan Quayle to run with him?
Have we eliminated Christie and Ryan as possible GOP nominees; How about Rubio and Paul?
Working with tourist visa?
Parents cant stop me from leaving right?
Why doesn't U.S. help Japan solve the ongoing Fukushima disaster if it is so serious as media say?
Can Paul Ryan win the GOP nomi,ation by saying Congress has authority to cut Social Security benefits?
Is tech school hotter for those in the reserves? Like Air Force reserve?
what does the ASVAB consist of?
What do I have to do to become a navy seal?
Why did the cop take everyone's information?
Do any of you support the NSA spying on our citizens without a warrant?
Who do you think is tougher, the rapper 50 cent, or Bernadette Devlin? Have you heard of her even?
Are you for or against \the system\?
Do anti-choicers assume that aborted fetus are fully developed babies?
Is it in the best interest of some teachers to dumb down a class?
Is a sap (leather billy club) illegal in the state of Texas?
will the governments change for the better when the next generation of politicians come in?
What is your opinion of Paul Ryan?
Is a U.S. 20$ bill from 1934 worth?
Lawyer client confidentially?
Abortion vs. Welfare?
Why do we continue to waste money on welfare?
Do you see protectionist policies becoming more popular in any political party?
Who are you voting for in 2016 for president?
Is there a bigger impediment to building wealth than the income tax?
Can a post office charge money to recieve a package?
Why is the solution for every problem in America acccording to Republicans is give the rich more money?
What punishment is fitting for the capitalists who poisoned the water in West Virginia?
Does Obamacare require that we buy health insurance or only require that we get a tax penalty if we don't?
Deja vu: Obama promises to end warrantless wiretaps. Again. Should we trust him this time?
Is the Political Compass skewed to the left?
What are the accusations against Christ Christie?
Why are libs so afraid to leave the Minimum Wage where it is?
While Chris Christie's career be able to climb back out of the toilet ?
Can I drink legally in Texas?
Did the USA lose the Vietnam War or did they win since Vietnam is now a more democratic country?
Was the USA a winner in the Iraq War?
Political stances in America during the late 1960s?
can America take any more \recovery\ like this?
so my friend thats in prison?
Why are there so many sick people in America?
would you agree with corporal punishment like caning or public humiliation?
why do minority Americans seem to hate white Americans, should we keep letting the into the country by the?
Why do liberals insist on getting involved in unwinnable wars like the War on Poverty?
Looking for an old Military Surplus Sat Phone?
Is West Virginia a blue, progressive, red, or conservative state?
Doctor patient confidentially?
do the people who accused Bush of being a dictator realize this?
Politics: Is it possible to be a good person and be in the military?
Should I cover for my co-worker?
Are tow companies legally allowed to pocket the difference when they store and tow your vehicle?
where do u get iphone5s cases?
Military sharpshooter?
Care to test your politics? How accurate is this test for you?
Shouldn't Capital Punishment be delivered via firing squads like the old days?
I got high on MSNBC and voted for Obama. Should I go to confession?
asking for a lawyer?
Do you think Barack Obama should allow Americans to buy gasoline?
If all the staffers of Cheezee Christie were Mooslims + Asians + Blacks.... what will be some of the jokes?
Do you think it's strange to be a pro life liberal....................?
Can you apply for a H2B Visa if you are already in the United States?
Conservatives why do you hate President Obama when he is a good man?
Why are there no Mooslims + Asians + Blacks involved in the Christie staffer bridge scandals?
illegal aliens at my workplace?
What jobs in the British army would give me the opportunity to get a degree (or equivalent)?
how to get someone out of jail?
What is the most important natural resource in the USA?
What is \other relevant information\ in a DBS enhanced check?
Obama claims Our Economy is recovering when Forbes reported over 5 Million More Unemployed now?
Why should the USA ever want another Repub President when the last one allowed the worst terrorist attack...?
Is Barack Obama a dictator?
Another day and how many innocent people were killed by guns owned by NRA members?
If Climate Change (Global Warming) was a Huge Profitable thing...how fast would Republicans become Belivers?
Canadian law book? How to get one?.?
ITV Poll reveals 50% of people have lost all trust in the Police?
Can you even imagine the freedom?
Has Milliband well and truly lost his marbles over the banks?
is it funny that I'm turning Republicans into frogs?
Do all elected government officials have planted MOLES .... Monica & Bill Clinton + J McCain & Vicki Iseman?
If criminals should not have guns then why does the government have so many?
How much of the slow decline in unemployment is due to baby boomers retiring, outsourcing, and automation?
Will they replace my order?
Since Obama has been filling our judicial, financial and federal system with liberals are we in danger?
Were the Christie workers planted & if Christie didn't follow protocol they were there to destroy his?
What are the words to describe my views on the death penalty?
Why is it that the most harm smoking weed does comes from getting caught by law enforcment/employers?
How do you disappear without anyone you know ever finding you?
Should Obama award Snowden a medal for telling him what his NSA is doing?
Should South Africa be partitioned?
Can I view arrest records at the courthouse?
If I found a large amount of money in a wall of my home, is it mine?
Will infrequent migraines disqualify me from the military?
i heard there are a few different running test in airborne how many miles are the runs in airborne school?
A Question about this year's Duck Dynasty low ratings........?
Was President Obama's father really in WW2?
If you ask for permission, is it still copyright?
Do you think Barack Obama should accuse the Tea Party people of being terrorists?
Steve McQueen wasn't a liberal?
If we did what the socialists and communists wanted and spread the wealth equally?
Why do Democrats claim to be for the working man?
How do I do a free warrant search?
If you break the word \government\ down to its pieces, what does it mean?
When will we have a lady for president?
AIr Force? Is it difficult to get in?
Do conservatives and \libertarians\ hate public parks since they are communistic?
Can you be too short for MOS 88m For the army?
Is it hard to find a job if I want to move to the UK ?
Why does the military kill innocent people and children?
Have individual's liberties always been the enemy of the government?
Do liberals hate the working man?
Question about army careers?
Can i add a derivative child to my petition after my interview is scheduled?
What would happen if I did this to a telephone solicitor? Could I get into trouble with the law?
will we ever have a lady for president?
OK, when putting down a convicted criminal why do we have to use a 3 drug cocktail when?
Is it that you can't sue the government or is it that you can't sue a liberal government?
Psycho neighbor? Advice?
How to deal with political militants in my region?
Can the Rifle and grenade bar both go on the same badge?
Aren't you glad that workfare has been declared unconstitutional?
Why does the US government give subsidies oil companies?
I am married to a military veteran am i qualified for a parole in place ?
Is the Canadian single payer health coverage not all it's cracked up to be?
what is a AKO account? what is it for? is it required?
How much can you earn in the Royal Marines as a Commando?
Am i able to collect disability from social security if I come down with the following list of ailments...?
You can get more of what you want with a kind word and a gun than just with a kind word alone?
Why can't Cons understand a President may be responsible for everything that happens under their watch but?
how do People escape jail (Prison)?
Can deferred action individuals join the military?
Are sleeping pills just wrong?
Why would a suicide case remain open?
Eviction Notice??!! Dismissal??!!?
On what date specifically did Obama lie about Benghazi and what were his exact words?
Does this prove that it IS a choice?
Which U.S. president ranks as the greatest of all time? Any reason why?...?
Should I be getting paid for a training trip out of state?
Can i legally contact the owner of a privately run business?
What country legalized all drugs?
Really quick tax question, please help!?
What paperwork do I need to file at court to stop someone from making me go to court OVER and OVER (8 times)?
16 mph over speeding how much fine?
Why do Republicans think that their politcians are for the working man?
Why are liberals afraid to debate conservatives?
What is the penalty for falsifying immigration documents?
Global warming deniers, why is California having an emergency drought year?
Did you have a good or bad experience in the military?
what is wrong with needing a photo id to vote?
did you ever stop to look at the basic arithmetic of the monetary system?
In reviewing the speach by Barack today do you agree little is changing at NSA?
Neighbour problem. My neighbour wants me to pay for their fence.?
Does Hillary Clinton have a brain tumor?
Are you allowed to do this?
should weed be nationally legal?
Is it right that our country should be ruled by dirty old men....?
is it a federal offense to take signage off of someones mailbox?
Iwaited in prbation office for two hours for a drug test. I got up and left, can they take out an arrest warr?
How will proof that Obama was lying about Benghazi - affect the future of Hillary and Rice?
Do the police know if I watch porn?
If the IRS \scandal\ was so bad, why has the FBI reported that it wasn't a scandal after all?
Would you vote for Jesse Ventura or Alex Jones for president in 2016?
Air Force tech school length?
I thought it was legal in all 50 states to film police. So whats up with this?
Do you know why many workers in red states vote against their own economic self-interest?
How to becomes citizen of Norway and Spain?
Why do liberals hate evolution?
Can I join the marines if I've been arrested twice?
Is there class warfare in America, and if so which side are you on ?
Is it possible that the rise of right-wing media has worked against the GOP in elections?
Can my manager randomly change/cross out my work hours without informing me?
If you are defending yourself in a criminal 2255, do you have the right to any and all documents asertained?
how is life in the Truman Show that is Yahoo Politics?
100 billion in taxes were paid in 16 days in Brazil.?
What income should be reported when it comes to calculating child support?
In California can you legally terminate an employee and mail out the check the same day?
Getting a Visa in another country?
Now that the lethal injection will be abolish will we resort to dark age beheadings?
Is it an inside job ?
What pays more in the civilian world, CTT or IT experience?
Does this slip of the tongue tell all about the manufactured propaganda culture of fear in America?
Im 17 and I moved out of my home!Am I entitled to claim money?
FBI vs. Attorney General's Office?
in the state of MI. can u get unemployment for being fired because of possible drug screen for marijuana?
What is the difference between these two copyright licenses?
do you view the NSA as the good guys or bad guys?
Do I have to pay for a copyright for every photo I take.?
What Special schools are opened to woman in the Army?
Isn't it important to pass amnesty so we can further screw the lives of poverty stricken blacks?
Why do people continue to take politically incorrect jobs?
What are some possible outcomes to my boyfriends case?
I really want to be in the military one day and I've been offered to join the cadets only I'm 16!?
How does 38 million fans on Facebook prove how Obama is such a likable President?
Isn't it important Boehner fight for amnesty to give free Obamacare to 20 million more people?
I tooked the asvab test at the military processing center?
In a federal system, states or provinces are independent in which internal affairs?
I want to make a difference in Africa?
Can't make 6am shift due to transportation?
Question about Navy EOD training...?
Do Americans know that 158 Canadians died in Afghanistan while aiding you?
Since Fox News' Roger Ailes controls the RNC?
The house has passed some reporting legislation about the ACA?
Are people who suspect the government still being told \tin foil sale\ given the Snowden revelations?
How many people think this is a threat to our security?
Is this description of the difference between Conservatives and Liberals accurate?
Do liberals really think that illegal aliens are the same as previous legal immigrants?
Why does our goverment spy on our friends and allies?
Our money says, \Trust in God,\ can we still trust God?
how much time is it gonna take to make the interview at the embassy?
Who is more delusional: People who believe there is a small cabal controlling most major events or those not?
What's life as a cocaine dealer like?
Wasn't Paul Revere spying on his repressive GOVERNMENT? NOT eavesdropping on his neighbors dinner plans?
Should we let modern governments retain the right to make war?
name the 5 terms political scientists use to describe the power established in article 1 of the constitution?
Does the existence of the 13,000 year old space station indicate Neanderthal went to space, too?
Will Obama's Common Core teach that Paul Revere was Americas first NSA member?
I lost my phone in train and loddged fir at Baliya railway police,transfer the case from that police station?
What is the time limit to answer or reply an application by a govt.officer or govt. department in india?
Is The New York Lawyers Association (bar) considered to be secondary persuasive authority?
Is it high time to ban all states & countries from killing people?
Military downsizing, does it affect my sign up process.?
Voter ID law struck down in Pa. How will the GOP respond?
Would you go to jail for killing in self-defense?
if high science is indistinguishable from magic to a primitive culture, does this also mean that...?
How long will this take?
How does UKIP know if a membership applicant was previously a BNP member?
Too weak for the Army?
What type of leader would Abraham Lincoln be in today's society?
Does it matter if pigs are cannibals?
How does ED Millibean think that he will force foreign banks to be run by the Labour Party?
How is Obama supposed to know if he is lying or not, he isnt the one writing what goes on his teleprompter?
Would it be OK with cons if Roger Ailes picked our next president?
Does this put a progressive lib in context?
Do you think the government should shut down all the intelligence agencies?
What does the ASVAB specifically do?
Why is everybody down on Blasio?
when asking for a DD214?
Is this Obama's position?
What caused the U.S to enter WW1?
What do Communist Think?
after someone is convicted of a horrible crime through DNA, should the immediately have their organs farmed.?
The anointed pants suit prune votes for both Iraq and Afghan wars. Are left wingers the biggest hypocrites or?
Why did Einstein usher in a new dark ages of fake, fraudulent physics?
Communist/Atheist Today?
Are Obama bumper stickers and yard signs?
why do americans allow corporate welfare theft. I thought theft was illegal in the USA?why should big company?
Minorities. Will Obama be the last one before we have several latino president?
What do you think of conservatives on this site?
should identical twins be required to wear nametags 24/7 or tattoo their name on their wrist or something?
Why was Clinton considered anti-Federal?
Should people on death row be farmed out for their organs?
What is the Pendleton Act?
Is it perfectly clear that Obama says \ Let me be perfectly clear \ before he starts to lie....?
Have you ever wondered if hospital steal your love ones organs?
If Cons hate Socialism so much then why do they go out of their way to create the conditions?
What am I? Am I liberal too? What is green and indep party? THANK YOU!?
why do clemintines hate me?
Police states United states of America is going to bankcrupt ?
Does the new biography of Roger Ailes tell us how and why Fox is trying to destroy the U.S.?
Are \ordinary Americans\ happy that the NSA doesnt give to hoots about you?
What is the one characteristic that people in YA politics share the most?
Should Scott Roeder be freed?
Has the Muslim Video Maker not been Tried yet because Obama & Holder know a Trial would Acquit him?
did we ever have a president that hated the usa?
When will be girlfriend be able to live with me?
what benefit does U.S want from China to abandon Japan ?
can i become a deputy sheriff even if im a registered sex offender?
have we reached our quota on mexicans?
Is leaving college to join the military a bad mistake?
can you be sacked for not following company proceedure which reaults in auspicion of theft?
How much for ssi social serurity every month?
Which is more likely: America returning to its roots as a free nation, or another nation becoming free?
POLL are american women among the world's least feminine women...?
If somebody burns down your home, does insurance pay to replace, if not what happens, who pays?
What is African-American Communism?
Why doesn't the Public have more \Pull\, in who is Majority Leader?
Is this a great disappoinment to the GOP: Obama's approval back up to 50%?
Should the Muslim Video Maker sue Obama & Holder for False Imprisonment without the benefit of a Trial?
Fiancee Visa Concerns?
How do I tell my parents that Im ready to have a baby?
Broken immigration. Isnt the broken part the part where Republicans refuse to supporting jailing or fining?
Canadians: Who are you for in the next general elections; Trudeau or Harper?
18 years old v's 20/21 years old in UK culture.?
Are you watching Obama speak on the NSA right now?
What are the Republican Bill required new Health-care sign-up weekly numbers that must be reached by law now?
Do I really need a doctors more every time I'm sick now?
Do you think you could be a candidate on the national level?
If Bush desires to go to Heaven to be with our Lord, what deathbed confessions will he make?
What is politics? How is today's politics?
What are your opinions on the word ''Niggardly''?
Daily rest break - what am I really entitled to?
Can a postman deliver passport at a fake address?
Ditching parents in foreign country to go back to U.S.A. Fearing my life! :(?
Benghazi was a travesty!?
is it legal to change your name to someone you may knows name?
Will Conservatives still bankroll Chris Christie's Campaign if they did know about Bridgegate?
Can i enter uk again with that visa??
Why do Reps blame Obama, Clinton, and every Dem for BENGHAZI and never blame the Terrorists for it?
If I go walking around town with a bag of money tied around my neck?
Are they in for a shock come November and in 2016?
..Do All AirForce Tacp Come Out As 1C4x1?
What do you think of the upcoming visit to Israel by Prime Minister Harper, he's called Israel's B.F.?
Why is today's politics more about identity than about ideology?
Should HUSSEIN 0bama have been impeached 5 years ago?
How is it that Tyler Perry's all black shows are not racist, but all white shows are?
Do I have the right to poison your water?
Is this governor really a nerd or turd?
Advice on becoming a DEA agent ?
Help! Is this teacher abusing her power? What can be held against her?
why on the news they keep saying?
Why do you think the Duck Dynasty season premier (Jan. 15) was down 3.5 million in the viewing ...?
What laws contradict this one?
Why are the dems who are running for re-election this November, putting as much...?
Why do Silver stackers bother liberals? Is it because it's currency they are not able to control?
Do you think the EU is stupid idea because people in europe can't get along?
Liberals on this site who complain about minimum wages?
Is White race becoming minority race in America?
how much money can you get from a lawsuit?
Why do dems continue to make social issues their campaign priorities, instead of?
Are prostate exams legal in the Muslim world?
Are the Republicans really worried about a Hillary presidential run in 2016?
Can I Join This Forum?
FILL IN THE BLANK: A group of young _____ teens stole a total of 37 flat screen TV's last night?
Should an HOA hold an annual meeting without putting out an agenda?
what are the benefits of conflict?
What should I do about embarrassing false accusations while staying at a hotel on business?
How old do you have to be to drop out of school with a parent signature in Texas?
Republicans use home invasion as an excuse to 'arm themselves' but invasions do not happen randomly?
Are women's rights being sabotaged from within rather than by men?
18, ready to be lawyer...not mother :/?
What happens if you commit an act that is not illegal where you commit it but it is a crime of your country?
How is India recognized by others in the world ?
how do I file for social security for widow benefits?
Choosing your USMC MOS field?
Why are Libs acting like the 4 Unsolved Benghazi Murders have a \ statue of limitations \ ......?
Just as Obama and Hillary opposed the surge in Iraq in fear of political reprisal, same goes for Benghazi?
Are these stats accurate - report finds that Illegal Immigration Costs Texas Taxpayers $12 Billion/year?
Making calls over the internet w/ Tracfone Politico?
Why does Kim Jong Un always wear a Mao Suit?
Is this representative of the 39% of Americans who still support obama?
How much of a notice do Mississippi court systems have to give before court?
do people in jail/prison actually get raped?
why are Americans treating their politicians like more like Gods and not like criminals?
what's the difference between jail and prison?
Gun owners, what is more likely, getting seriously depressed, losing your job, bankruptcy, illness,?
What politician or elected official would I contact for job help?
are tinted license plates illegal in OK?
I started a new job and cashed the cheque that ended up being fraud. What do I do?
My boyfriend is joining the army and im confused!?
working full time with no benefits? lawsuit?
Small amount of drugs while pulled over?
Since Al Qaeda is on the run,Did they run right back in to Iraq?
Is this the perfect exmaple of liberal anti-gunners?
Will Condi Rice run in 2016 no one is talking about her?
i have 6,000 in an IRA . i get 1335 $ a month from social security . can i get food stamps in Pennsylvania?
When will Obama and Clinton make a Statement on the new Benghazi Report? My guess is they won't touch it!?
How damaging do you expect attacks on Hillary Clinton as Secretary of State will be on her political future?
my Uk Visa got cancelled by Uk Agency? will that affect me in the future.?
Applying for provisional Driving Licence?
Since Corporations are now allowed to make Political Ads,Do you think they will support Democrats?
how do I prove someone is lying about military service?
Harrasment laws in New york?
Will derogatory nicknames help conservatives win in 2014 or 2016?
Can the GOP run ads superimposing Hillary's image into really bad historical events?
What Reforms do INDIA need?
my boss smokes at work in the office?
Do you agree with this Senior UK Defense Adviser's conclusions regarding Obama's foreign policy?
Is Sarepta (SRPT) still risky? Or does this new data send a strong message that Sarepta is for real?
Will Hillary's new Campaign slogan be\I wasn't there to answer the phone at 3AM\ ?
why cant people see how destructive and life sucking Walmart is to small-medium sized towns and communities?
how does adjustment apply to teenagers?
Do I need a visa for the UK?
Manager will not show me holiday rotor?
Of these four, which do Republicans most regret delivering?
What is the Benghazi scandal and what evidence is there that supports the claim of a scandal?
Why is this considered rape?
Should we expect any ground breacking announcements regarding NSA from Barack today?
Gun enthusiasts and Gun protesters...?
how to write a notarized letter stating someone is deceased with out a will in Ontario canada?
What is the statute of limitations on smoking marijuana?
Do people realize you see more bare breasts than you see guns in public in Texas?
Why don't Cons realize how childish they sound when they say they blame Obama because some Liberals blamed?
What countries can Croatians get a work visa for?
If you get accepted into the nrotc program will it void a reserve contract?
Is there a correlation between states with the most lax gun laws and gun violence?
Is this the main problem we have with our dear Republican representatives?
Why don't Obama's children look like him? Is there a secret man in Michelle's life?
Can your company fire you for not signing a contract?
How come Obama bragged that Al Qaeda was decimated yet they control two major cities in Iraq?
How come Obama bragged he would bring those Muslims who murdered FOUR Americans in Benghazi to justice?
Don't Liberals understand when Guns are Outlawed, like in Chicago, ONLY Outlaws have Guns.....?
How ignorant do you have to be to think the President of the U.S. or the Secretary of State determines the?
My brother got a job in Afganistan as a network engineer to work in US Army camp. Is it safe place to work?
How come there is still NO security in the ObamaCare website and nothing has been done to do about it?
Looks like Aspen snow skiing opened one week early and will be one week longer. Are global warming people mad?
How to recieve mail at new Army duty station?
Is the Air Force difficult to join?!?
what can my friend do?
What kind of case would i have if the police physically harm some one that had been running because of a waran?
if admitted to a mental hospital as a minor can i buy a gun when im 18 without being denied?
How come the liberals are upset over Christie yet are not upset that Obama and Hillary did nothing on Benghazi?
Can Croatians get a working holiday visa for New Zealand?
Facebook meme page? will the police actually get involved?
is it legal to pepper spray a 13 year old?
Is this smile the biggest you have ever seen on anybodys face?
Fellow Conservatives, what do you think of this fine black man?
Should I be worried about the 40% of Wall Street traders that said if they accidentally received insider info?
Arizona is off to a horrible start regarding gun violence . Will AZ Gov Jan Brewer ever address this issues?
Wait a minute,if 0bama really were a Hawaiian how come hes better at basketball than surfing?
I am having B1B2 tourist visa and want to stay in USA and work there suggest me work as i m only graduate?
Is Julianne Moore the most beautiful 53 years old you have ever seen?
When prohibition ended ..... what happened to jailed violaters of the law?
Isn't it great that they are now expanding the definition of Racism to include religion?
Is this why we need to control immigration from the EU?
obama 'fights' for equal pay for women, except in his own white house... more do as i say not as i do?
I called the cop on my brother and they did nothing?
Prison/jail!!!!!!!!!!!?
I ciped my tooth on a stone i found in a bag of qourn.legal advise needed?
Who sounds more \inspiring\ in those videos: Stalin or Hitler?
Why did the Nazis believe that the Nordics were the master race when the top Nazis didn't look Nordic?
how can a manager not know how to operate a computer?
Is it legal for me to carry my knife?
86 year old woman defends herself with a gun. Is this an example of a gun owner that Libs hate?
Copyright Reform: Corporate Entity status for the Nuclear Family Unit?
Are Left Wingers happy the are cultivating a society of a bunch of butthurt wimps that can't even handle a?
Do you think George Zimmerman would be a good policeman?
Do you agree with this Senior UK Defense Adviser's conclusions regarding Obama's foreign policy?
Is this illegal to do?
Do the Police have the right to release private information?
What are some examples of regional political organizations? What are some of their strength and weaknesses?
When will attention shift from Christie to the Democrat governor of WV who has admitted he is to blame?
Does anyone know who said the statement below. I can't seem to find it in search engines.?
Are Liberals happy the country is on its way to becoming a Socialist Islamic Theocracy?
My wife bloodreport is s thypi o itive 1:80: s thypi h1:80; s thypi ah is negative 1: 20 &sthypi bh1:?
Will the police come back? UK?
What are the steps to becoming a jag lawyer or civilian lawyer in the military?
Is it necessary to have certificates and be good in sports to join NDA?
What issues caused Strom Thurmond leave the Democrats and join the Republicans ?
i am going to dubai through tourest visa and my agent told me that he will arange a job for me there?
Will I be prosecuted for my mother overstaying her leave to remain in UK?
Legal question should i have won?
Why are 'black' people called \black\ even though their skins are actually brown?
Does it go to Court if I disagree with the grounds of jurisdiction but do not plan to defend?
In 1860, Republican cities were horrific slums while Democrats provided communal housing for their slaves?
How much money Withheld is considered 'normal'?
Who will Boehner want to pick up the tab for rich employers' poor immigrants --- you or the rich employers?
drink driving? court and licence?
what happen with the christie scandle like what is it about?
there was fight between british SAS and Russian Spetsnaz in syria?
Is High Education and Health Care a human right or a privilege on behalf of the richclass?
why my conveyancing don't give me back my important documents.any time she tells me different reasons.?
The background check is useless these day?
need honest answer from a judge or distirct attorney a lady & her attorney is killing my father?
Maths/Military ; Does this calculation add up?
should the supreme court be judicial active or judicial restraint in their decision making?
What is the usual process and sentence for assaulting pregnant woman?
Do you think ultal hypersonic deliever viechles will end Aircraft Carrier age?
Can you have a prosthetic leg in infantry?
Can I Sue? Please Read?
Why do good people always get destroyed by the evil people?
why was Adam Lanza's satan worship under played by the MSM?
What if the Police lost your passport file?
How much longer will society work for the rich class?
I got a job offer form the browns hotel. pls how genuine is it?
How to determine an \At-Fault\ accident in Texas?
Why is it that there are a lot more questions from cons saying libs are destroying things, compared to?
If I become a military police officer (second lieutenant) will I still be out working and making arrests etc?
how to get out of a horse contract if horse is not fit for purpose?
Could the Empire of Wal-mart fall in a court of law?
When obama is out of office, what will happen with obamacare?
Are White Democrats still as racist as they once were?
Do you like the features of the new $100 dollar bill?
jo i didnt let him have the card he took it out of my purse so i took and made a report on it to the police .?
What is the practice statement of 1966?
When you do not have a middle name you can work to America?
Won't it be fun to watch the Democratic primaries?
How much does it cost to renew a passport?
What is a foreign policy, and it deals in which matters of the state?
Why is the Arizona Tea Party demanding tax payer funds to defend SB1070 and Sheriff Joe Arpaio?
I have a question about Obama Care?
Bush wiped out a 5.6Billion surplus in two years and the National debt rose to $10 trillion on his watch?
Assault and / or battery? Anything?
Suppose Dr. Ben Carson decides to run for President?
Is the British public's opposition to \fracking\ , typically irrational?
Should we print our money on hemp?
When did the God of Israel first allow them to bear Nuclear arms?
Please Help! Emergency!?
Should we send more arms to Iraq?
Do we need ObamaEducation to reform College and Universities to put both rich and poor on a equal footing?
Are terrorist stronger than military, police ?
Will Philippines aid S.Korea if there's a war?
Paypal & ebay refund. Help?
Hey siblings ... somebody please help me ... I'm 19 is it qualified to get a job ind Dubai .?
Why do you oppose of the so-called death penalty? what are the main practical reasons for this?
Were Gov. Scott, Gov. Walker and Gov. Kasich Wise in scuttling their bullet train programs?
Disciplinary Evidence Enough?
Where is oil export income distributed among population more fair, in Middle East or in Russia?
What are the powers given to people in the constitution?
When will the Syrian Arab Army crush the terrorist hordes?
35% of citizens of a certain developing country live abroad and 65% live in their home country at a point in t?
Should politicians do a live town hall-like skype on the net monthly to be kept accountable?
I would like to know how to get valid spouse/dependent visa for female spouse of an employee working in?
is it the truth the conservative are racist or is my obama supporting colleague lying to me pls good answers?
Is George Osbourne turning into a wet?
AUSTRALIA's view on the Canadian Renewable Energy dispute. Help me understand the meaning of the content?
California civil code 1954?
Joining the military with a concussion?
is protectionism right wing or left wing?
Is it racist if I say i like my women how i like my milk?
Any indications, that Hillary is jumping, the good ship Obomacare?
why do liberal call tea parties evil my daughter has tea parties all the time is my daughter evil?
I want to join the army but I have two felonies. could i get help to get in?
Can white people grow jerry curls?
Suspended due theft for another colleague's behalf -- no evidence?
How long can a car sit off the highway before I have to report it to the authorities in Florida?
Should Yahoo Answers create a new category?
WARNING : Vote for AAP = Vote for Congress. Read further?
How likely is there to be an opening for this job in the air force?
How can I make my child's biological father sign her birth certificate?
Is upsetting celebreties and suing them when they beat you up a good way to make money?
I'm under 18 and I took out a mobile contract out 3 years ago?
I'm under 18 and I took out a mobile contract out 3 years ago?
Can you get a shirt with the army logo on it?
My Cousin Is 19 Out On Bond For Shoplifting , Got Caught Shoplifting while on bond , she lied about her age?
Can I legally add a number into my name?
Caught Shoplifting...Please help!!!?
How do these anti-corporate types find names like the Koch family? Until they started?
What do American teen guys think of an Australian teenage girl?
Mental harassment/ Blackmailing.?
Subash chandra bose is dead or alive?
could i have been a citizen already and did not know? Need help getting back to the country.?
If I live with a roomate for 7 years & we aren't lovers r we domestic partners?
What are the worst jobs in the army?
What if the take a child away and not return him back and there is no legal paper done in place?
What exactly happens when you get summoned for jury duty?
Who is promoting Arvind Kejriwal and AAP ..in such a Big Way..?
Can a 21 year old guy in florida date a 17 year old girl in arizona, if there is no sexual activity(sexting)?
How could the Catholic Church be seen as a multinational corporation?
Contracted hours VS working time limit?
Can you become a dispatcher with 2 paraphernalia misdemeanors that have been expunged?
Have you ever questioned what is the COMPULSION for Congress Party to give support to AAP and Arvind Kejriw..?
car was stolen from parking lot what can i do?
Advisor to AAP Government is AICC General Secretary Digvijy Singh’s man S.C Behar . Read Further?
Do I have to obey a stop sign that is on private property?
What are some jobs that help Veterans?
AAP Government in Delhi is Nothing but Congress Government by Proxy...Read Why.?
how do I communicate with my husband after NJP?
Why is the Mainstream Media all up in arms about Fort Lee Lane Closure Scandal?
Prostate Massage and more . . .?
i got a \fix it\ ticket?
Do you think the Founding Fathers were terrified of the possibility of Universal Health Care?
how much would a camera the size of a centimeter cost?
In your opinion, what is the US military's greatest weakness?
Is it illegal to use celebrity names in a game?
Will my child support payment go down on my first child when I have to start paying for my second?
How many states are you required to buy Car Insurance?
Conservatives, should states be allowed to ban interracial marriages?
Can I legally do freelance work while my Canadian permanent residency is being processed?
Is this Legal or Illegal to do?
I booked my ticket through online but my ticket has not been sent to my mail ID. I don't know how to find?
What if they pay me like salary ,how many hour do I need to work for a week?
K1 visa interview for filipina fiance and I am service connected vet worried about affidavit of support, help?
Doubling recovery?................... Please help?
How do I make a decision if I am a Police Officer, in this hypotetical case?
What records are available for the public to see?
am i supoosed to get rank back after article 15?
should liberals go back to elementary school for math?
How to win custody without a lawyer?
i have really old postage stamps that i want to sell where and how plz?
What are some problems that have emerged in the last 20 years because of separate political parties?
Why do schools give grades?
If the Mexican embassy in America was under attack by militia groups, should we allow the Mexican Military..?
AP Government: True or False?
Did you know Social Security debt is less than Prescription drug debts?
abandonment of LPR Status when green card misplaced?
Who will be next Prime Minister of India?
Was it smart for the State of CT to pass a law like the 1928 German Law on Firearms and Ammunition?
with 100 years of pharmaceutical and medical industry propaganda is there any wonder why?
What happens if i dont meet some of the navy seal requirements?
Being able to have sexual relations with GF?
I want Modi as prime minister.What about you?
Do you think the economy will ever improve?
iwant to check my work visa in my pasport no N5696159?
How much weight does this piece of paper hold?
Qustions about American and Chinese visa's???
How much weight does this piece of paper hold?
Does the national guard have a GED plus program in west virginia?
Where is this law in KRS?
Why do cops do this on TV?
Wen the OWS crowd talks about \bankers\, is that a euphemism for...?
what happened to country when it loses nationalism?
What can I do to make some money?
Did the rule that you couldn't get through a airport checkpoint without a ticket come before or after 9/11?
Right wingers, are you for public education, or do away with it for private schools?
Am looking into joining the armed forces, but told i'd never be able to join?
I'm 17 my girlfriend is 15 can I go to jail because of age?
A girl I know just got divorced from her husband, no kids, and it cost her $40,000....?
What was so wrong with Hitler?
Growing a beard at a fast food job?
Based on divorce statistics, wouldnt a better solution be just banning all marriages except church...?
Can you have a rib cage tattoo in the Air Force?
Does it matter who has the child more when going to court for custody?
Heres a chart of recess appointments back to Reagan, and surprise surprise, Obama made the least...?
Why was the xyz affair one of the most pressing issues during john adams' presidency?
Can you get a passport if you have a warrant for probation violations?
Can i being a minor get a protective order for another minor on some one else?
What's all needed to be signed by a parent for a minor to get married?
Is Chris Christie the worst person ever?
what should i do? in need of major help?
Heres a list of executive orders by president, and surprise surprise, Obama made the least...?
Will I go back to jail for shoplifting at Walmart?
Are you allowed to lie to the prosecutor when giving evidence?
Conservative maybe we should back off from criticizing those institutions liberals defend?
Did treyvons mom or dad teach him to be a racist or did he learn it on his own?
Where do you see Israel 2 years later?
Should the citizens vote for the salaries of politicians?
Is it true that illegal immigrants are keeping social security alive?
Question for conservatives. Which of these 3 potential 2016 tickets would you be most motivated to vote for?
What are the downsides of Universal Healthcare?
Where are the more Conservative Republican areas on South Florida?
AP Government and Politics - Chapter 3: Federalism?
do you ever see us using our nuclear weapons on anyone again?
is Narendra Modi opportunistic?
roger ailes does not like his workers telling the truth about his meetings. something to hide?
I am my family have a PR of Australia possible to extend tenure of 5 yrs with out moving to Australia?
Joining army wanting to change name before?
Can I be a U.S. Army Airborne Ranger with red/green color deficiency?
job law help? please?
Is it bad that I voted for Obama just because of immigration?
Which Christian leader do you think is more popular on the global scene.................?
What would happen if we paid all government employees minimum wage for 1 year?
I am a taxi driver and my ex boss made me sign a non compete now says he is suing me over it can he legally do?
can the tea party comprehend that THIS warming is likely due to human activity?
Are Latinos really that much of a burden to the U.S.?
If a person has DWI's from different states are they ran consecutively or separately?
Who believes that America is on the path to downfall via stupidity?
Hey you tea partiers, How about we compromise: no more social security and public schools in return for..?
When droughts are mentioned in the Bible, were they caused by global warming?
If my father threatened me with his gun, can I call the cops and have him arrested?
california is having an extreme drought. but that's not because of global warming?
Is it illegal in the US to the run from the police, even if you haven't done anything wrong?
why does the government not legalize pot if they grow it for citizens?
Does the State of Ohio really need to make a person suffer for 25 minutes when executing Them?
the tea party says most scientists r liberals. do u agree?
Who coined the term \Communism\ In its political sense?
Can my Son Dad claim him?
my garib rath tatkal booking status is ckwl4/4 for delhi....what are the chances of it being confirmed?
one scientist says as china installs more coal scrubbers, global warming may accelerate. a conspiracy?
what are different reason a person wouldnt get accepted in the naval shipyard other than a failed drug test?
Is this knife legal in California?
Navy ROTC vs. Air Force ROTC?
Is it legal in Missouri for a 20 year old man to have consensual sex with a 14 year old girl?
What the ... Honda's got an ad about having the 'MLK drive away' sale this weekend,?
Traveling to another state? Not residents?
What percentage of governments are ran by functional idiots these days?
What are my political views?
Can you go through ROTC and become an Airborne MP?
Does it matter where some one is born or where the parents are from to know your nationality?
was it paul ryan's idea to cut benefits to retired veterans?
Military background check? Parents status?
roger ailes says global warming is a conspiracy. do u agree with him?
Isn't it disturbing that in a developed country such as the US people die from conditions of poverty?
Why would the outcome of Christie's bridge gate depend on how well Obamacare is playing out?
Are you Liberal or Conservative?
What are your thoughts on state atheism?
China's built a hypersonic aircraft, should we be worried?
Do you find that senators and representatives have appropriate term lengths?
Tell me, how Liberal are you?
Do you think after obama the president would be racist?
So why call ourselves liberal when everything that we believe in has its roots in communism?
Which is faster ,fiance visa or Marred in another country then come USA?
did u know bob gates is mad at congress too?
What is your opinion on abortion laws?
Would people in the US be better off if it became completely unregulated like Bangladesh?
Can I get sued for promoting Instagram software that I dont own?
why is the media not talking about who is behind the massive credit card breach?
Do you make more money working overnight retail, and is it illegal if overnight has no wage differential?
what is a birth certificate?
Do people realize that full blown lassez faire is the only way an economy can function with free trade?
Which jobs in the Navy are a good choice and which ones should I avoid?
Rule of thumbs for ambulance ride alongs?
Common Core: Are most 9th graders cognitively unable to creatively think?
Selling nitrous oxide?
Is this Egyptian or American?
is the economy improving?
my daughter was 14 and just recently had sex with a 17 year old is this legal in Virginia.?
The IRS discriminated against conservatives so how likely is it the NSA info will be used for corruption also?
What are the documents m gonna need to change my colege after 11 std ? any one plzz?
How long does it usually take to hear from an employer once you have applied for a job?
Gf dad said police will get involved?
What do you think of Emily Miller?
If the population of Afghanastan is around 29 million, and Iraq has a population of close to 32 million?
Did you know that U.S. can fix the debt if wanted?
Could the USA pull out of the WTO?
what branch of the Marines should I join?
Is it true when I go to college the girls will start treating themselves as objects?
I am 3 years 7 months older than a 15 year old girl. Would it be legal to go on a date?
holding pay and no overtime. illegal?
Would you rather be ruled by government bureaucrats or corporate fat cats?
police search my home because my address was on the search warrant, but it describes the house next door?
Why doesn't the $1 bill ever change design?
What do you think of Wendy Davis?
How many people here believe that TPP and expanding free trade with Pacific nations will create jobs?
University of North Georgia vs The Citadel?
would it be fair to say that on september 11, 2001 the foundations of democracy were shaken just like?
Why do so many conservatives admire Ronald Reagan?
Do young liberals realize how many framer's quotes used now by the Tea Party were liberal?
Why isn't Ebonics taught in school?
Can I reschedule jury duty a few times?
how to get weapons license in Georgia if i'm from out of state?
Whats the single most important political issue to you?
FBI, Secret Service and CIA?
Are American women one of the most shallow women in human history ?
could the hvac industry make me a millionaire if i started my own business?
What is the maximum sentence for assault on a pregnant woman?
Is the following example a realistic portrayal of how it could be with everyone armed?
Are neo-conservatives really neo-isolationists?
Why was crime at an all time low during the segregation days?
Which issues will voters remember by Nov. 2016?
Why is it that the conservatives don't remember the abuse of power that their president's committed?
Did republicans lose their only hope of winning in 2016?
What % of people enrolled in obamacare are not recieving subsidies?
If an immigrant black man can become USA president then can Dennis Rodman become North Korea's president?
If you could bring any former US President back from the dead and put him in office today, who would you pick?
Why is it everytime they reenact the revolutionary war they have the Americans speaking in the wrong accent?
does a nationalist party sound too scary?
What are my rights? Can I stop a DA from charging my ex from rape charges against me?
does the governemnt have to have a warrant to tap my cellphone?
What would this make me?
explain president reagan’s economic ideas?
Is President Obama the first half-white American president?
How's the anti-gay marriage movement coming along?
Does laminating a S.S. card make it harder to copy or scan?
POLLS: Should they ban guns(only a few exceptions)?
Who is it that must approve presidential appointments? The Senate or the House of Representatives?
As my P.O. walks in the door with her supervisor, I yelled up the steps to my mom's boyfriend...?
Joining Navy ROTC? In community college or University?
Russian government is using psychiatry to suppress political opponents.?
Why do some people get mad at \minorities\ for \not speaking proper English\ when...?
What would be the best base to live that doesn't deploy often?
What was the gay marriage debate like in the 60's and 70's?
16 year old running away?
As my P.O. walks in the door with her supervisor, I yelled up the steps to my mom's boyfriend...?
Who would you vote for (and why) in 2016?
Who would you vote for (and why) in 2016?
So I heard this guy on the radio talking about writing a book called Stopping Obamas civil war or something?
When Pres. Obama gives his State of the Union address focusing on \income inequality\?
Is the Sierra club suggesting environmentalists need a third party by saying Obama is worse than Bush?
Why does Nancy Pelosi look perpetually horrified?
What elected official do I write to regarding construction on school property?
When the Global warming scientist got stuck in Ice that was not supposed to be there did?
Los angeles 77th division, inmates court time?
Do US supreme court decisions require a two-thirds majority?
Could Obama use Executive Order to get rid of congress completely?
What is the hourly wage of a full time bank teller at legacy bank in oklahoma?
How old do you have to be to sue somebody?
Why do Democrats run all of the worst ghetto cities in America?
does office max or office depot sell carbon paper?
What made people want to join the Democratic-Republican party?
Tax reforms in French Revolution?
Where I work is this legal or right?
What's the difference between the New Black Panther Party and the old Black Panther Party?
How old do you have to be to get a job in Quebec?
Why is cannabis illegal?
Why Do Some Doctors Dislike ObamaCare?
Who does Michelle Obama think she's fooling by saying she's never had plastic surgery or botox before?
What is the law regarding out of state travel of child in foster care placement?
James Carville, on fox news , just said Obama and Hillary are both to blame for Benghazi ,so has he turned?
How do I deal with a College professor like this?
what are the things to do how to get fiance visa?
Why do people dislike Republicans so much?
what are the things to do how to get fiance visa?
Which is safer: drinking water in the US, or bathing in a vat of poisonous chemicals?
What is a court case that involves someone prevented from voting due to race or gender?
Curious if this New Black Panther group is so big in the black community then why is that?
Do you agree with St Augustine................?
I am in oman on work visa for two years and now i don't like my jon and want to return back to india.?
how can i get an i. d. without my birth certificate?
Why do white people claim they invented/discovered 98% of everything?
Will History remember Obama as the president who abused the executive order power?
Are you proud of left wingers for progressing through all 5 stages of grief over Obama?
What might cause residents of a state to make a new law?
What would be in the center of towns if people didn't need to shop or buy things?
Should Puerto Rico become the 51st state?
can i get an id card with?
What happens with Obamacare when people see their $5,000 deductibles?
Do you think the Nation Debt and the FED spending has caused a virtual double bubble?
How does democracy look like and feels?
Did Karl Marx ever envision that Russia would be the first country to adopt his ideas?
Am I in a position to get all future speeding tickets swept under the rug.?
Have you ever read a book or article about anarchism and if so what was it?
what is the percentage of jews in the world?
Obama supporters, how would you feel if a Republican had said this while in office?
Do prisoners have to pay rent?
What is the primary responsibility of the President of the United States?
Do gun manufacturers celebrate and party on the Sandy Hook anniversary?
Using copyrighted songs in a music event aftermovie/music video?
Im a 17 year old boy and debating if I should go in the marines or firefighter plz help!?
Do you prefer China, Korea, or Japan?
How much money would it cost to implement mandatory mental health exams for people purchasing guns in NY state?
What happens after probation ends?
How many times can the police search my house for someone with a warrant if Grey found nothing?
At Army reception do they require you to wear running shoes?
Is it a crime to voice over young children cartoons with sexually explicit speech and post to youtube?
Do you think it is true that Barack Obama intends to have agent orange dropped on American cities?
How much time in jail can someone get for 'Rape by force' in california?
if someone steals your wallet and there was someone that knows about, can i press charges?
Who else would cheer Pres. Obama for droning the kkk?
Politically Speaking: Asiago, Pecorino, Parmesan or Romano? Q-2: Con, Lib, Independent, other?
Making a deal with a cop to get out of a ticket?
should a felon on your record 18 years ago stop u from owning or buying a gun?
Has Obama lived up to is promise of being the most transparent president ever?
Is this knife legal in California?
Did white people invent democracy?
Isn't the duck dynasty show an example of white ignorance and bigotry?
Why does US take a strong stance against iran but not north korea?
Why did Obama blame the Benghazi attack on a moive?
obama has his pen and his phone?
What is so bad about limited government?
Does anyone know if the user Gertrude T Gass on here is single?
Do you need to be a swiss citizen to own an assault rifle in Switzerland.?
Do libertarians agree with the latest ruling striking down net neutrality?
Aren't the Chinese FOOLS for making a little $ today in order to spend lots of $ later?
Why did Harry Reid come out in favor of medical marijuana?
Is it ethical for me as a teacher to dumb down a subject?
Why are red (GOP) states so unattractive?
Should our next Republican presidential candidates sign a pledge to never raise taxes?
Politically speaking is anyone else REALLY sick of seeing the \black sails\ ad?
Why was the Declaration written as a formal document?
What visa could my GF get to come to America and work.?
In the Army National Guard, how likely is it that you'll get your preferred MOS?
legal charges, really need answers!?
Do you think the US has a healthy representative democracy in the United States? Why or why not?
What is a battalion in the fire department?
Why was Nathan hale such a good spy?
The Zodiac killer has been the most clever serial killer ever?
Someone claiming to be a federal marshall contacted me, how do I know if he was lying?
Texas -Ranger vs. Canadian-Mounty?
Is it okay to use my credit card to pay someone else's traffic ticket?
Do you think the US has a healthy representative democracy in the United States? Why or why not?
Are you still eligible for a United States Postal Service position if you resigned from another?
the battle in which an army split into 2 groups to surround territory and ended up shooting each other?
Can we blame Woody Allen for bedding & wedding his own adopted daughter?
what type of attorney do i hire to sue and orthodontis?
My car was seized off the police they said I need both parts of my licence but I can't find my paper part?
Why did Obama decide to become the most corporatist president in US history?
how do i get a copy of court documents of legal name change in florida?
can i become an officer with a petit larceny charge in Va?
Why do people want to use guns for \defense\ instead of non-lethal weapons like Tasers or mace?
What does \ awaiting patent\ mean?
When Adults \Run Away\?
Why is it the younger you are the more likely you are to support Obama according to Gallup?
Is solitary confinement \cruel and unusual punishment\?
Is it time to end corporate welfare?
A Silly Question About Private Land?
What legal recourse do I have? This is an animal-related legal question, and it is DEADLY serious.?
What concept(s) of sovereignty have influenced modern government?
How can they take money from me when I didn't draw disability?
Why isnt Russia in NATO?
I have just a small hunch that the military wants to be God and kill him?
86% of blacks approve of the job Obama is doing and 29% of whites. Why the huge difference?
I want to join the army but the war in afganistan is closing and i want to be in a combat mission?
by legalizing prostitution and weed , killings rates will go down? in U.S.A?
I took my asvab test?
Politically speaking is maintenance planner a decent career?
should you phone the police if you see the police beating someone to death?
Out of the last two presidents, which one caused the most deaths of American citizens?
Why do so many modern progressives think that Nazis weren't socialists?
What are some good areas of expertise to have to attain power?
International Student in the USA on F1 visa?
Do you think we encourage kids to go to college to early?
What exactly does a corporate lawyer do?
Could you read this statement from Socialist Party USA and react to it?
Do right-wing Protestant Christians like Obama offend true socialists?
What information does a recruiter need on your dd214?
1.Under what conditions may an employer pay different wages to employees of opposite gender?
Did Ambassador Stevens refuse to allow a security force to insulate him from the locals in Benghazi?
Do you have to be in combat to be a Sargent in the Marines?
Why do republicans throw the term socialism around?
uk citizenship application?
I live in the US and im 17 can i legally leave home without permission?
What Kind of Business Should My Business Be?
Since marijuana is now legal in Colorado can you be turned down for a job because you tested positive for it?
I'm getting emails from my ISP saying I was caught illegally downloading files?
Why do America have a president and Britain have a prime minister?
Do criminals try to launder counterfeit to electronic money?
can a passport be denied due to welfare debt in Connecticut?
Do cons not understand that you have to be a nationalist to be a national socialist?
Will Progressives ever try National Socialism again?
Is Paris Hilton the Conservatives' poster child for showing the evil behind the Estate Tax?
These are the people I voted for, what do you think?
Is an employer required to inform the court if a wage garnishment employee quits?
Would progressives follow another Anti-Zionist Nationalistic Socialist movement?
How to not be so concerned about other peoples' political opinions?
Why does being poor with several kids & no husband always seem to be a liberal problem?
What laws is this braking, (involves a 16 year old girl whos in foster care)?
Who will the two candidates be in the 2016 election in the USA and which will win?
If you had no job and needed money would you work at a fast food restaurant for 9.08 an hour?
Is Target the white man's WalMart?
What's the point of all these NSA leaks?
Will North Korea follow through with its threat of a national hunger strike in answer to US military drills?
Do people know the difference between health care and health insurance?
Hi,I has few questions about canadian forces,how long to serve in(regular forces?),how much they pay for year?
Why does the Right call itself the Right when nobody can remember the last time that the Right was right?
Air Force Reserve verses the Navy Reserve tuition assistance?
Poll: McDonald's or Burger King ?
What are obama morals?
What was the crime of '73?
Can I carry pepper spray for protection in Colorado High Schools?
Is being high at school illegal?
Who are some politicians you could imagine getting away with it by saying.....?
Why isn't the UK gun ban working?
Can you write to someone in prison that you don't know?
Could George W Bush or Bill Clinton be elected president again since they sat out 4 years or more?
Instead of banning cruelty, what would happen if they were simply exempt from any legal protection?
What would it take legally for President Obama to be able to run again in 2016?
If someone told you they commuted a crime against you, is this evidence?
Liberals what should be done about Iran's nuclear ambitions?
Can a minor have sole custody of a child?
Why is Capital Punishment Allowed in the USA?
Have you ever ran for political office before?
United States Marine Corps 11 General Orders?
What is about gossip regarding separation or divorce of Barack and Michelle Obama?
What kind of sentence can a youth get for aggravated assault ?
when will the American dollar be like Zimbawabe currency with our current debt?
Should the Prez start the ball rolling on min wage via executive order?
Is Governor of NJ (Chris Christy) chance to run for WH in 2016 fading away?
U.S Wars/Conflicts 1990's-Present?
Should the constitution of the United States be changed to allow Obama a third term?
what kind of sentence can a youth get for aggravated assault ?
Without checking, how many TOTAL members does the KKK have? And can you guess which?
What would Jesus do??????????
If someone told you they committed the crime against you, is the evidence?
Generally, what kind of books aren't allowed in prisons?
Why do liberals deny that it is easy to tell what someone's personality is like based on their race alone?
Texas legal question?
Being a Navy Journalist?
Compensation (claim) money before 18?
Is president Obama a lisenced Attorney or Lawyer?
Marine Life After High school or College?
What can Christie do to excite the Tea Party?
What's The Symbolism In This Monroe Doctrine Cartoon?
Do you think JCPenney will declare bankruptcy this year or next?
What is More riskier, buy a rental house with 20% down or buying Dividend paying stocks?
Legal advice on shoplifting (Bestbuy banned me)?
if your name was changed by deed poll can u use your birth name?
Incumbents are generally never secure in their Congressional seats.?
Possession of Syringes in New York State?
Did you know that the debt increased an average of 1.5 trillion a year under Obama?
Has obama policy help us consumers out?
Transportation officer?
I made a mistake and could use help. Could I get a restraining order against me?
Are you only in the \majority\ in the United States only if you're a white, male, Christian?
Air Force friend is failing his OJT and might be seperated?
do I have to retake the asvab again while in the navy? please help me.?
Is this illegal or not?
How do I report to the court what my ex is doing?
i got a summons to small claims court for eviction after an argument with my landlord, my father. indiana?
I accidentally got a free prescription, as I though I was medically exempt, help ?
Should smoking in pubs be legal?
Since China is the \dirtiest\ country in the world as far as the enviroment,?
Would the gop have won 2012 General election if they had given out the most freebies?
My lawyer already applied BVE for me online.?
Is a store allowed to ban you from entering the store?
what is someone i know looking at for this offence?
Why hasn't Jane Fonda been arrested for treason?
Obama - Is lying about Benghazi (now proven) and substituting the video BS grounds for impeachment?
Is this Barack Obama's ringtone?
Do you think business should have the right not to pay for abortions for their employees?
What can we do to fix this country?
Is Obamacare a hate crime?
Will I have a problem with copyright?
Should there be a cap on campaign finance?
Is my life over now that I will probably become a convicted felon?
Politics: Should the govt ban profits, require 100 dollar min. wage, and require full benefits?
GI Bill and Private Schools?
Is Obamas statement of havinng a pen and a phone trumped?
Why does the IRS target conservative groups?
what are the property damage laws in tn?
Should the US abolish the Social Security Income Tax Cap?
Is My Friend In Jail?
Is there a liberal bias in public schools and colleges throughout America?
Being a nurse in the army?
What does the right to petition the government mean?
Why is every discussion on welfare centered around social welfare?
You're in a park with your kids and you see 2 guys making out, do you leave, ask them to stop, what?
Why are there so many examples of liberal style political correctness in public schools and colleges?
How will Obamacare affect the future of the United States?
Will my boyfriend get sent to prison for something he did not do?
How can I gain a UK passport?
Can you explain me the differences between a master of engineering and a master of science in engineering?
Can I get a valid drivers License if I'm an immigrant?
Why is SSA against people laminating their S.S. cards?
What do you think of this chant by the Iranians?
Anybody know what most of the newest 3 billion members of the population look like? Just?
I'm banned from bestbuy.?
can you go to sea if you have HPV?
If piranha can devour a giant wildebeast in 8 min, how long would it take for Chris Christie?
im unemployed and I have to get obama care?
HELP with Traffic ticket violations!?
What's my AFQT score?
community treatment order rights?
Why are taxes, minimum wage, and regulations so high on job creators?
Air National Guard to Active Duty Air Force?
Does Scientology take elements from Communist regimes?
Hey I am 22 yrs old I currently live in ireland but I lookin to experience america by both workin and livinf?
What's your opinion on Kosovo?
Would I face a lot of racism in Italy if I went to work as a non white woman?
Would amensty expand the welfare state?
How bad is dictatorship?
Why aren't Big Bankers doing time? How can they get away with lawbreaking?
My immigration officer told me that my I-485 case will be denied. Please help!!?
Is this an accurate historical assessment of Hamilton and the general welfare clause?
Y DID OBAMA CREATE ALL DIS DEBT?
Have you heard? that the politicians in DC are trying to sneak through another major trade agreement?
Do you have to be utterly devoid of logic to deny climate change and CO2 regulation?
What is the procedure during the intake in jail?
If you get medically discharged from the Army, can you enlist in the Air Force?
how fast can I get an expungement?
question about the U.S military?
Should the minimum wage be increased to £7?
Considering joining the Parachute Regiment(British) but afraid of trying out the Parachuting?
My boyfriend's mom found out we're sexually active?
How do I sign my brothers car over to me?
Political Issues that affected US-China relations?
Does anyone know what causation and Novus actus (in regards to Law) and?
I think alien is real?
How long would it take the US to take over North Korea and abolish their Dictatorship ?
What are your thoughts on this?
Already signed contract at MEPS can I add Airborne now?
Nuclear war; 50 years after?
Do I need to ask the landlady if I can put up a mezuzah (what Jewish people put on the doors)?
If you were to be president for 8 years, what would your agenda be?
Can I still be in the Marines?
BCT/OSUT packing list?
Does anyone actually respect what Dennis Rodman is doing?
Should my parents help me pay for my traffic ticket?
what is the most amount of money can you get from a lawsuit for taking a photo without permission?
Can I obtain some kind of assistance from the State?
How many people are govt.employee in India?
Marine Bootcamp Question?
Has 0bama added more to the debt than Bush did? Is 0bama unpatriotic?
Form i-90 green card replacement question help please!?
What do I need to bring my wife in London?
Military, Any advice?
Americans Why not just let the convicted murderers chose either firing squad or hanging instead of injection?
Will this Hollywood \Big Movie\ be the end of guns in America?
Of the millions buying insurance through ObamaCare, whose interests are better served by the law?
So Justin Beiber threw eggs to his neighbor's house and now he owes 25 000 how is that possible?
Seller is saying he has reported me to the police?
Can I get into the navy with 13 tattoos?
What else can Obama and Holder do to help Islamic Jihadists and Illegal aliens?
Fitness challenges vs Royal Marines 30 mile yomp, physical and mental toughness?
Why is there such a discrepancy between the positions of Senator 0bama and President 0bama?
Social Security Question (Why I am Upset)?
is real estate good money?
Why was Bloomberg's stop and frisk a good idea until it was time for minorities to be stopped and frisked?
What countries are mistresses legal in?
Since free speech can be used to harm others, should we enact some preemptive restrictions?
$6,660,374,562,238.54 added to the national debt since Obama was sworn in, but its not his fault?
Was the American civil war really about who's government would control America's future?
What kind of licence do you need to drive a rickshaw in India?
Why does every country think the USA is the best country in the world? Except for maybe her own?
Can't find out how to apply for AFC Harrogate?
Why all the hate for Tamera Mowry?
Does the air force allow people who test for hsv2 positive into the military?
is britain not britain anymore?
What can my parents make me do?
I just recently got married and received my military id but on the back it says Medical direct: no.?
Are there reptilians in the entourage of world leaders?
at what age can an ex service personnel claim a preserved pension ?
Why was the Iraq war not justifiable by international law?
Why doesnt an FBI check show my expunged juvenile records in Ohio?
How do I switch branches before basic training?
i am a marine reserve, and i was woundering if i could ware my marine boots with blue jeans?
why do people let the government get away with all this scam?
Fox News is on, and AAG is advertising Reverse Morgages (balloon payment) refinancing to seniors, saying?
What separatist movements exist in America today?
what exam/degrees are needed to get a career within immigration on the management side.?
can a car insurance still charge me if there was no police report and the guy ask me for money to let me go?
How long does it take for my children to be resident?
I just got my stamp 4 refugee status in Ireland when can i apply for the passport ?
Substitute teacher as a military reservist?
What happens if you fail a polygraph test to become a correctional officer?
Why did the Senate report on Benghazi omit any reference to Hillary Clinton by name?
Should teenagers drivers be allowed to have underage passengers in the car with them?
Is there a way to reduce the amount of court supervision time to join the military?
Can someone drop chargers after filing police report?
Why is the pharmaceutical industry dominated by a few large firms?
NEED INFO ABOUT CUSTODY?
How to prepare for rasp?
Why is it legal to make more than one receipt for precious metals?
How to prepare for rasp?
Can I apply for welfare benefits using app box in new Hampshire?
Republicans say the pay is not enough to work the farms but push against raising the minimum wage?
Prosecuted for not removing someone that has TPS?
What separatist movements exist in America today?
Is Cheezee Christie a victim or an abuser. Did he recently piiss off some lobbyist or corporations or Israel?
Will I have issues with copyright?
Politics: Should individualism be banned and only collectivism be allowed?
A Question about the British Parachute Regiment?.?
Medical marijuana qualifications in Massachusetts ?
Why would poor & working class people be content under a Libertarian \paradise\?
Liberals: How is your reaction when you lose a debate with a conservative?
Why do extremists care about the Constitution more than regular people?
is the British army, RAF, royal navy even worth joining in the future?
Why are some Democrat towns and cities banning indoor use of electronic cigarettes?
Will cash aid require father to pay back for benefits recieved during pregnancy?
Active duty military spouse benefits?
If I was to join the royal marines where could I be posted in the uk I mean would I be sent to a ship or on?
Politics: Should the UN apply GREEN Solutions like population reduction to help the Earth?
Why are Republican leaders now chasing after the Gay Pride movement = Diick Cheney + Myth Romney + Christie?
What political ideology would you say I am based off of my political compass result?
I want to become a probation officer?
Is Sharia law's punishments legal in the United States, since there is freedom of religion?
Can I join the military while on court supervision?
Isn't China supposed to be rich?
Expired government ID, lost birth certificate, help?
2.2 million people now have insurance. BUT...over 5 million lost theirs. Hurray?
I would like know the fitness standards of Special Forces?.?
Attorney letter to Landlord demanding security deposit?
Different Army Fitness tests?.?
Food banks illegal or regulated?
Should the tea party be concerned that over 2.2 million Americans have health care thanks to Obama and ACA.?
Should I return my Loose Leaf Texrbook?
What do you think about this situation? What does this mean? There is this girl I know?
What is your favorite talking point left wingers pull out of their asses to defend Obamas dismal job creation?
Should we bring apartheid between us rich whites and the troubled mix raced masses of America?
Why must it be important to ask for RACE or ETHNICITY of job applications...... Is it to avoid hiring blacks?
Would you say François Hollande (French President) Is liberal?
Air Force: Would it make sense to put backward facing air to air missiles on fighter jets?
Who has nicer jugs: SE Cupp or Megan Kelly?
Wouldn't Libertarians fear a working class revolution?
Is there any required hand placement for pushups during the APFT?
why don't people see that if you got rid of the Defense Budget, the US would be in the green?
If liberals are so big and bad?
Obama says businesses can absorb the costs of minimum wage without having to raise prices, is this possible?
Conservatives, do you have a problem with the BILLIONS in taxes illegals pay every year YES/NO?
Suing a gas company?
Why are homosexuals so bent on gay rights when they should be focused on homeland security?
Why does the FBI and Police agencies still infiltrate left-wing political groups?
How embarassed ar you for voting for Obama on a scale of 1 - 10?
how do i get free back ground checks?
So 5 million lost insurance with Obamacare, how many of those people got private plans after that?
Help joining the SAS?
will there be snakes?
CAN YOU SUE TOW COMPANY FOR TOWING SELLING YOUR CAR?
Do Republicans not care that losing jobless benefits hurts people, and local economies?
If the 2nd Amendment only applies to militias does that preclude women from being armed?
Can an all-woman ticket in 2016 wipe out Rand Paul's chances real easy-like?
Why hasn't the media attacked the Liberal Gov. of WV for poisoning people &NOT following govt regulations?
I was a male prostitute in Vegas for 6 years in the 80's and I know when someone is hiding something. Why?
Whats the best way to move to USA...?
Why are americans afraid of communism?
Why do liberals have a problem with pirates?
Can I go to the US and look for a job? And if I get it, then get a Green Card?
Should Ohio,Indiana, Kentucky, and the rest of the states sue the bajeesus out of West Virginia?
Whats the punishment for...?
can you go into military buddy system in diffrent branches of military?
can you go into military buddy system in diffrent branches of military?
Should we drastically cut back on legal immigration from Mexico?
Did Christie's aids block the fridge when he said he wanted the jam in it?
Politically speaking, would you like to get the CEO of Yahoo between the sheets?
social security benefits\only if u know\?
Can illegal Mexicans start a revolution + demand that all the Wall Street ( )s step down + demand that US?
How come Bashar Assad won't step down?
Did you know long work hours have an impeccable impact on our youth as parents do not spend enough time with?
Is the TV ad on Epix by comic Patton Oswalt about death's inevitability, laughing at America's demise?
Several people got fired by Christie for the lane closing, who got fired for the deaths in Bengazhi?
Careless and Imprudent or...?
Why is it ok for Mexicans to sew the Mexican flags onto the US flags..... fly it at the same level in the USA?
Will the Republican Party ever renounce its repugnant policies?
I lost my birth certificate and need it. what the website to order one?
Why cant left wingers understand I aint against gays but if I'm in the shower singing proud mary and feel?
Can't liberals and conservatives just agree to disagree? Is there a better way?
Who gave the RIGHT to the Capitalist Business Community to have everything they're way in USA?
Why dont criminals try to steal a cashpoint?
Would GM be neck-and-neck for 2nd in global sales if Government followed the 'Romney Plan'?
What would a China control USA be like......?
my 6form has cut lockers & emptied them including mine, they never informed anyone. do they have rights to?
Do you ever notice cons don't feel that others being offended matters?
Whats the punishment for...?
what is your opinion on the U.S governments decision to invade Afghanistan?
How to get my seized goods back the from the police?
How Long to Obtain a USA Travel Visa?
how to get my seized goods back the from the police?
How can I be a military pen pal?
Several indicators all point toward a strong year of economic growth. How will Fox News twist this?
Need help with a military term!!! Please and thanks?
My friend had her personal licence paid for by her employer and a month later handed her notice to leave she i?
Is it okay to use fictional names in a true story?
Why did John Boehner lie about Obamacare being a job killer. Small Businesses boost hiring?
If Scotland becomes independent when will it happen?
Is it offensive to whites when minorities wear traditional European clothing like suits and ties?
Why do you need to get a marriage licence? Why should the state be approving or disapproving of marriages?
How humiliating is this approval rating to the old soggy dinosaur media after all the help they afforded Obama?
Can I contact the man who raped me?
Regarding the California labor laws. I worked from 7am-7am?
Why do Americans call war defense?
If u & a group of Americans got lost in a forest......must the leader of the group support Gay Pride or else?
Is it okay to use fictional names in a true story?
Is this what capitalism creates? North Korea talks war. China urges calm. Now that China has become?
Am I already disqualified from the SEALs?
Why is it so cold in Florida this year? Global Warming?
whats forms do i use to file civil suits, against agencies and people?
In heavy traffic can you drive on the shoulder of the highway to get ahead if there's an emergency?
Reasons why it is wrong to steal?
enlisted as 19D cavalry scout?
why Albania need to be part of United Nations ?????
Can anyone seriously claim that the economy is getting better?
Why does the left hire spies to sabotage those they don't like, why can't they just be honest?
Can you join the military with a online high school diploma?
Is Moby the ultimate pinnacle example of a liberal?
Would you date a republican?
Do you think Christian beliefs helped ruin politics?
Can a judge reopen a case even though I don't want to charge my ex for rape?
Liberals, can you prove that Obamacare and new taxes are not slowing down job creation?
Why do liberals downplay the fact that most of our millionaires and billionaires are first-generation?
When am I going to get my jury duty check?
Training for the Parachute Regiment?.?
I accidentally missed a court date.. What will happen?
Officer in the Military - Which branch to join/pursue?
Can I get a tattoo while in the DEP?
Is a vote for Hellary Clinton a re-vote for GW Bush--------- GW Bush is 100% retarded while H Clinton?
What are your thoughts about Congress complaining of 'hate speech' on the Internet?
Is this against the law?
What would happen if a group tried to overthrow the US Government?
My wife's unemployment is being appealed by her former employer?
How many regulations have 0bama and the Democrats added to the books and how does it compare to other ....?
should i take a loan out for a million dollars to invest in stocks?
instead of \red state or blue state\ why not call them American states for the ones who agree with?
How to become a GPMG specialist in the RAF Regiment?
What are the arguments for anti-zionism?
OMG it's a gun...I'm going to throw up! Politically speaking how scary is that?
Is this the real source of our poor job growth?
Are Republicans going to come out with a pres. candidate as bad as the last ones?
Left Wingers slaughtered Chris Stephens by putting a community Organizer in Office as Despot?
can automatic wepons made after 86 be legal to own?
Is the economy actually worse today than in January 2009?
Why do cons think it's a big deal that our first black president is directly related to George Washington?
Have 0bama and the Democrats taken away our economic freedom?
How can I tell the Guatemalans to stop sending green bananas up here?
Social security survivors benefits?
Liberals how do you deal with the hypocricy?
Government help please!?
Where do poor people in high income areas shop?
Is it too late to save the Republic?
How do you deal with the fact that Brad Pitt and George. W. Bush are Barrack Obama's cousins?
Conservatives: Politically speaking, What are some things people do that really annoy you?
did the unemployment bill for 2014 pass?
Was Christie's ordeal simply a misunderstanding when he asked an aid to get him JAM for his peanut butter?
Out of the last two presidents, which one caused the most deaths of American citizens?
Conservatives are opposed to making President Obama America's first King. How is that NOT racist?
Will years from now, Sasha and Milea Obama fight anti-Obama efforts to discredit their father's presidency?
can the UKBA remove a child without a passport out of the country?
\Bridgegate\ is bigger than Bengazhi, NSA Wiretapping, IRS, and Fast & Furious scandals COMBINED?
Arguments against protection from discrimination?
would a personal trainer from a ordinary gym train me for the royal marines?
Do you believe as I do, that Bill & Hillary could by this time been the best thing in the?
Do sex offender registries reduce recividism?
Who could promise and guarantee jack ruby a get out of jail card if he killed oswald.?
What is the criteria for Social Security Disability Assistance?
If Chris Christie becomes President will traffic jams automatically go up?
Why do I get nervous and tense whenever I see police cars?
Are there any laws in effect that could be used to extend cable internet to a rural area in western PA?
Can my landlord legally do this? (illinois)?
Home improvement fraud & conspiracy for a job he was told to do by a \boss\ need help please?
Help ! I have took xanax in school and now have court!?
Louisiana CDL Medical Exemption?
Can the police put something on my record for this?
What is your opinion of the final Benghazi report?
Is there a legal against parking fines when the local council hasn't given a residents permit?
Should employers have the right to learn the genetic profiles of the people they hire?
Why do republicons think we're using the most welfare, when their states have it too?
Is America Doomed because?
Could Obama take action to ease federal regulations on small businesses?
Europe is rejecting Monsanto. Do they know something we refuse to acknowledge?
is cheating any kind of law violation?
Are the members of the liberal version of the Tea Party going to call themselves the Chai Coms?
Since Walmart only makes 469 billion a year, is it fair to underpay employees and pass costs to the taxpayer?
Can I get into the navy with 13 tattoos?
House of Reps: Georgia District 3?
Are republican Christians who want to go to heaven nothing more than fascists?
Wat is d application of a bimetallic strip?
If Obama passes off during his service, which of these airports would be named after him?
If Obamacare is a socialist Experiment.Can we see the results of everyone working together to pay for it?
Why not just legalize weed nationwide?
Libs do you really support Obama acting without congress on issues like gun control and immigration reform?
Why do you want to leave your current employer?
Why does the US spend so much money on execution?
Where do people who want increased wages for walmart employees expect the funds to come from?
I'm leaving in germany and my wife she's german nationality so I can get the german passport?
I want to apply for a SIN card but I don't have my Canadian citizenship?
How are Republicans and Dems raised as kids?
In the state of ohio what happens to a person if they lie to the us marshalls about hiding a fugitive?
Anybody here actually think Obama was born in Kenya?
Don't tell me I chose bad dr ! Tell me if I have a lawsuit case !?
Is Hillary a female version of Woodrow Wilson?
mistakeny didnt pay for an item in primark. got caught and i payed and they got my details?
How do you feel about senate bill 1881?
My boyfriend his taking testing to join Air Force what should i expect...Good and Bad?
Why do Conservatives believe that Citizens United would not promote corruption in our Government?
Do these people not understand the concept of \unemployment\?
I just had my picture taken by a camera radar speed detector?
Politics: Why do we let other \undocumented Americans\ die because USA wont pass immigration reform?
Why do teachers get paid more than British soldiers?
What is the deterrents in Britain to make people think twice?
Would u be willing to pay 10 cents more for a a gallon of milk if it meant low skilled workers were paid more?
Do cons realize that Bill Gates and Warren Buffet pledged to give half their fortune to charity?
Anyone with bad TWIC card enrollment experience?
Why should MMA Fighters automatically be charged with murder, even if protecting their family and home?
Has President Obama's success in 2X getting elected pres. proven that ANYBODY can grow up to become pres.?
Why haven't we seen a report in on liberal CNN or MSNBC about erasing of Internet Neutrality yesterday?
Should we give obama a round of applause, he finally has equaled Jimmy Carter?
do i need a firearms license?
Are they any illegal immigrants that are NOT criminals?
I am a liberal and was wundering if Republicans wood explain why paying a janitor $50/hr is a bad eyedea?
Why are the most fervent supporters of President Obama, the young, refusing to sign up for ObamaCare?
HELP parents threw away my jury summons?
Why do Republicans want the rich to be so much richer than the classes below them?
will I get in trouble for lying to cop about where I work?
Did Oprah get shut out of the Oscars because she's black?
What will Obamacare-haters make of the latest news regarding the huge cost savings?
if mcdonalds paid employees $15 an hour, then their food would have to increase in price by about 75%. are?
How are Canadian crime investigations different from States/ Europe?
Politics: Is socialism a ideology of the left or right?
Any Laws that affect SaaS Corporations?
Is this not proof enough that the USA has become a police state?
My friend was raped ?
Is Obama for the 49ers or the Seahawks?
Does this chart make you wonder about United States priorities?
PCS'ing to Ft Hood in April....any info on that base at all?
Air force policy on tattoos?
WHY IS Marilyn Tavner testifying to Congress about \healthcare.gov\?
Who is the greatest and the worst president of the last two centuries?
Fascism: a movement of the revolutionary left?
How do I deal with a drunk and violent neighbor?
Someone said 93 million people can't find work, are 93 million looking?
Does Israel not see the hypocrisy in becoming a fascist state in order to remove remnants of Nazism?
can a dealership repo my car if I have a clear title with no leins?
Central Bank vs State Bank?
Which website has the official presidential approval rating?
Do you recognize the American rule of law when you see it?
Japan or Australia? =)?
What is libertarianism?
Why did Obama joke about there being no shovel-ready jobs after he borrowed $787 BILLION from the Chinese...?
Why do Republicans think bringing up Bush is too far back?
Without Chris Chrisite, who do Republicans have that would defeat Hillary?
What should i do if i stepped on a landmine?
Is Digital Spy Safe To Sign Up To?
Why do the same people who rabidly protect the 1st Amendment also rabidly attack the 2nd?
How do you answer the income questions on healthcare.gov if you have unpredictible income?
how to hear the diffrence between canadian and american english?
Why did Obama murder 4 Americans in Benghazi?
Libs, read this short article and tell me if you still believe the minimum wage should be greatly increased?
is it possible for me to find out about my exs jail situation?
Is this the same Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services that?
What is the common trait in serial killers?
How can I change the father's name on the birth certificate in California?
Why did Bush make jokes about no WMD's and the \bad\ piloting by 911 pilots?
Is it illegal to wear a v for vandetta mask?
Why do Cops get away with Police Brutality and Murder?
How are our rights as canadians honored? Are the rights of canadians honored by the government and police?
How would living in Scotland and working for a Canadian company work?
Which scenario is more likely to happen to a gun owner: shooting a home invader or shooting his own brains?
My husband received British Citizenship. Do I need to Pass life in UK test aswell?
Are arrest warrants issued in the military?
Scottish Independence - Advantaged and Disadvantages?
Politics: Why did protestors bring AKs/RPGs to protest at the US embassy in Benghazi over a youtube video?
Of these four, which do Democrats most regret?
If Republicans are against 'wasteful spending' then why does AZ keep electing Sheriff Joe Arpaio?
Why did Republicans support the 2nd invasion of Iraq when there was no WMD's?
Which do you think is smarter, having concealed guns mixed with alcohol in bars, or in Starbucks where....?
Do Republicans lie their way into power?
in 2011 Americas murder rate was 4.7 % and heavily gun controlled England/Whales was 10%. How is that possible?
Do you think in the new IRS hearings Issa wants, they will focus on the liberal groups that got investigated..?
Who made more recess appointments, Obama, Reagan, or George W Bush....?
Will Despot Obama apologize for giving \false assurances\ about unpreventable Benghazi attacks?
Tamils are GOOD at hospitality,irrespective of origins of GUESTS.Why their sentiments are not considered..?
Was Communism a success or failure?
What would be a gun control law that will go too far?
Legally are you required to tell your child if he or she is a girl or a boy?
What campaign issues led to Hoover 's election presidency ?
How come Obama didn't attend Sharon's funeral, yet found time to attend the racist Communist Mandela?
How much compensation can I get regarding criminal injurys?
Why do Republicans deny their part in the economic bubble?
Why do politicians cheat and why cant they be Honest brokers?
What if North Korea follows through on their vicious threat of a nuclear holocaust?
English law forbids fox and stag hunting. Why should it permit Halal and Schechita?
Why are conservative parties still supported?
Is it legal to request a doctor to euthanize you, if you wanted?
Why did George Bush Sr resign his membership in the NRA?
Besides Scott Walker and Jan Brewer how many other Republican Governors are raiding the foreclosure settlement?
Did you hear Bruce Springsteen singing about Chris Christie's Bridgegate?
Politics: since guns=shooting accidents,Why aren't there 320 million accidental shootings?
How do Government bans decrease demand?
why do few of us know how the gold standard worked and why is ron paul advocating it without explaining it?
What is humanitarian intervention?
Can i change my last name to Lestrange? Legally?
What do you figure will be the next Rep president's first executive order regarding ObamaCare?
Which scandal is more egregious? \bridgegate\ ? or the IRS scandal?
Should we take this to a small claims court?!?
How do Communists protect labor(common people) from owners?
Still no sign of land? How long is it?
Did you know that there was a mass murder at a school in the early 20th century where a gun was not involved?
who should claim donations?
can polic in oregon drug test minor with no parental consent?
Politics: Who will win in 2014 elections?
Out of state school and GI Bill?
Holidays for army basic trainees?
HHS cybersecurity chief Fryer says it is now safe to use the ObamaCare website - good news, right?
With yet another poison gas attack by the Assad regime in Syria, when will Obama walk the walk?
While you are in the lifeboat(Obamacare), do you care about the few not in a lifeboat(glitches) in the water?
Politics: Why aren't there 320 million gun shootings everyday since gun cause mass shootings?
Fresh prince theme song?
Is Obama the smartest white collar marxist thug America has ever seen?
Do I really have to live in the the U.K. be considered British? What if I live somewhere else in the E.U.?
Is the second ammendment worth the cost?
what to write my deployed boyfriend?
Why do conservatives point to the price of gas at the pump only at the moment when Bush?
Disgnosed with Prostate cancer 30/10/2013 yet won`t receive treatment before end of 02/2014, is this right?
Is Mitt Romney the smartest white collar thug America has ever seen?
Politics: Is it sad to say that LIBERTARIAN have a type of \fetish\ for liberty?
How will Obamacare reimburse people who had to pay full price for their doctor visits?
Why is conservative parties still supported?
Punishment in Ohio for Forging a check of $700.?
If someone buys the house that ive been living in and just starts throwing my things away is that legal.?
Why didn't Republicans complain about the economy when it was at it's peak?
can a police man take a phone?
Do labor taxes give illegals an advantage in service business?
Would cons be pleased to serve Obama if he called the Constitutional militias to action?
Illuminati 2000-2014?
What are the guidelines on frisking a junior high student without parental consent?
My fiance and I would like to move to Scottland what do we need to do?
Owning a gun / Voting: Which one is a right enumerated in the US Constitution?
Can the Federal Reserve Bank reduce the national unemployment rate?
What is manufactoring process?
Does the Edsel, New Coke, the 2008 financial collapse and the Obamacare web site prove?
Do you like this immigration reform proposal more than the Dem's mass legalization plan?
Did you know that the Bridgegate Scandal is about to blow wide open, as a U.S. Attorney is investigating?
Which country is closer to a full scale police state? The United States? or communist North Korea?
What countries in Asia do not have welfare?
how to get out of the army but keep you're benefits?
Do you need a college degree to become a Los Angelas county deputy sherrif?
Can anyone explain why liberals want the choice to abort children but do not want?
Why didn't head of CIA know where he was on the day JFK was shot?
Are Obama and Boehner pushing amnesty to further destroy the lives of inner-city poor?
10,800 Americans died on Bushs watch, between 9/11, Katrina, and his two wars following the terrorist attack?
If a Liberal calls you a gun lover, does that tell you how little Liberals understand love?
if i m a marine can i become a ranger? or part of the special forces in the army? my contract ends in 8 months?
Gun lovers ;Is it possible that the Second Amendment was one of those heat of the moment things?
Did GW Bush own the 2008 economy?
The CIA Benghazi hearings showed there was no stand down order, ground commanders made the call, help was NOT?
Why did the Republicans have JFK and RFK killed?
What would you do in this situation?
Which party gets the most air time on \fair & balanced\ Fox News?
IS THE RECIPIENT OF THE '' METAL OF HONOR'' EXEMPT FROM FEDRAL INCOME TAX FOR LIFE?
Over 45 Celsius (113 F) for five days in a row in my city, where did all the global cooling go?
urgent!!! can a 23 year old indian female (graduate) get a work visa in dubai ??? please help !!!?
Is a con who thinks guns make him safer more likely to drive and text or drive drunk?
Libs how do you feel about people such as myself that think Bush was bad but Obama is worse?
Do liberals think that the Muslim terrorists that brutally murdered FOUR Americans is just a non issue now?
college not excusing any students doctors excuses..?
Can the ticket clinic squash my ticket?
What has changed since 1999 that the NRA no longer supports background checks?
What makes Obama an incompetent or bad president ?
How much of a notice do they have to give before court?
Gun lovers : What am I doing wrong?
Military style credit cards?
What is so great about the US Constitution?
Does this chart suggest a spending problem or revenue problem?
Does the 2nd Amendment need to be tweaked?
Liberals, If you can not have guns and armed criminal wants to kill you, What will you do?
Eek, Christie lost about 10 points in 2016 polling, what do you think?
What kind of Visa is necessary for me to be in the United States?
How do cons feel that all their favorite gun ideology was spawned by the Black Panthers?
Can Americans compete against people that live on 1 cup of rice a day?
Doesn't helping to put an end to our daily gun carnage go against the best interests of the NRA?
How much did the Feral Reserve steal from you today?
Is America into Reverse Darwinism? Stupid people with guns shooting smart people without?
Of the 4 million members of the NRA, whose interests are better served by the organization?
Conservatives, If your guns are taken away, What will you do?
what does it mean when police catch u speeding by direct observation?
Why do liberals want to ban guns when there are just as many or even more stabbing deaths?
Politics: Bush left office with 9 trillion DEBT, why is it now 17 trillion debt?
why is it that everyone wants to talk about Bieber throwing eggs or A-Rod's suspension?
Isn't it true that Liberals support personal freedom more than Conservatives?
People carry guns to be safe. People wear seatbelts to be safe. What's the difference?
Is the man in the theater a true representation of Liberal America?
Evaluate the presidency of Andrew Jackson. Do you think that his actions were considered normal?
Agree or Diss, You cant trust a retired Police Chief with a gun, but at least the guys that fire nukes are?
How loud does someone have to be before you can legally shoot them?
Did you know that AZ celebrates MLK day only because the NFL threatened to move the Super Bowl?
Can a person get in trouble for threatening to call immigration on an illegal alien?
Obama - Can you believe that Yahoo actually posted this anti Obama story?
Is the popcorn shooter typical of people who walk around armed?
When does the DNC think it is time to get Obama in a remedial Math class.?
speeding ticket with wrong date and time?
How would I go about having the laws changed so that white gaaays (well, any) can't adopt black kids?
Why don't republicans know how many embassy or consulate attacks occurred under Bush?
What is the difference between copyright of a book and a software?
Why do Conservatives ignore the fact that Red States have higher gun violence?
Suspended from work!!!?
Obama - Can you believe that Yahoo actually posted this anti Obama story?
british passport information needed if living in?
Would a criminal agree with the NY or AZ Governor when it comes to gun laws?
How much more money do SWAT team members make than police officers?
Why do some blame Obama for the national debt?
I can understand why people post deliberaly misleading questions. But why do they think we won't notice?
Fido Phone Company Harassment - and they have the wrong record?
Can a landlord evict a person over argument over smoke detector?
Since Obama blocked lanes of traffic yesterday, should we impeach him?
Requirements for USA Visa ?
Are republicans ever going to stop blaming America for what terrorists did in Benghazi?
can a person get in trouble for threatening ab illegal alien?
How to claim back child support payments?
renting a room in a sharehouse without a lease or written agreement. What are the laws?
Is it plausible we could have averted Benghazi by the NSA archiving the internet history of all Repubs?
Job interview question?
Obama,knew Benghazi was a Terrorist Attack in 15 minutes,Why did he go to bed to rest up for a fundraiser?
What's the last possible date that the GOP can impeach Obama for some bullspit thing?
Is it part of the Liberal agenda to keep making and awarding slave movies.?
Do Conservatives agree with Bill O'Reilly on Marijuana legalization?
Why doesn't Obama just dismiss congress and issue executive orders since they won't do what he wants?
What can I do to get a speeding ticket case dismissed?
Does Yahoo Answers further prove that Yahoo Answers makes people dumb?
Will Despot Obama address the nation on Benghazi now that hes been caught in another lie?
Control freaks Hypnotized me into a emotionless Robot, using a hypnotic drug and an emotion suppressing drug?
What should a president be like?
Is a terror attack that could have been avoided a scandal? Was 9-11 a scandal?
How do I do to obtain Portuguese citizenship?
Does Yahoo Answers further prove the University study that Fox News makes people dumb?
What About The Executioners?
This aircraft carrier race going on means WWIII is getting closer?
Why isn't Bridgegate working for Democrats?
When did Assad kill his people?
Which if any democratic hopefuls can rival Hillary if she decides to run?
Why does FOX NEWS let MSNBC own the prison lovers?
How much more time will it take.?
How long will the police take to look into this?
Plz answer me guys..whether this person will get caught? Ful pts fr best ans!?
Was this Senate committee that investigated Benghazi made-up of all Cons?
Why does it seem everyone on here is one side or the other?
What is the worst part about being a prisioner?
When will the left quit race hustling,Victim hustling etc.?
can i be fired if i cant do lates anymore (UK)?
can i be fired if i cant do lates anymore (UK)?
Why would Hillary be any more successful in 2016 than she was in 2008?
How much should the gov. reflect the views of Christianity?
Air Force, my son wants to be an engine mechanic, I have general questions.?
I had a issue with land-line and had to call them with my mobile, can I ask for a refund of money I spent?
How much money needs to be stolen ?
How can I go to USA for permanent work and having B1 B2 visa?
Cons, what groups should receive more tolerance in America?
Hello Sir, I was came in malaysia on 8th july and my visa was 3 month tourist visa.?
Can I file a suit against a person for sending me harassing and annoying text messages? He is in the USA.?
Did the Senate Committee on Benghazi just find Hillary totally at fault in the handling of this incident,?
will UK authorities cancel my visit visa?
I asked two questions about conservative tolerance yesterday and they deleted them, is that tolerant?
Do you find it interesting that liberals will say that Republicans defending Christie scare them, but then go?
Will this girl probably still be in prison in 15 years?
What's are the things the USA inherited from British after independence?
While cons are crowing about the report, doesn't it really kill the conspiracy part of benghazi?
What happens if someone does not pay the fines that the Feds have imposed?
DBS how long on average will it take?
what does a silent treatment that lasts for a month and a half mean?
I am an Indian and my boyfriend is an American, I want to vist him but I have no clue about the visa details.?
If someone has a homeowner's permission to be in their house and steals something is it theft?
identify the legislation that relates to the recording, storage and sharing of information in social care?
Can a person who's not MLA become CM? if yes how?
Does anyone really believe the goverment cruption will ever end in the Philippines?
Portuguese passport/Citizenship help?
How do I get a French citizenship?
Doh, Republicans receive Jobless benefits too. Why are they Republicans? Will they be asking themselves that?
How soon can a soldier use the GI bill for his child?
How can I stop mu girlfriend from leaving me to live in NZ?
If Obama was found in the whitehouse office shooting up Herion and snorting coke on live TV.?
Does the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau operate outside of the US?
Will the army let me join with screws in my leg?
Is it true that most Americans are scared to question Obama because of Edward Snowden`s tactics?
Will Chris Christie close the SuperBowl?
Now that a bipartisan congressional investigation has proved Obama knew Benghazii?
how does the Evil Empire find the evil people that it needs to run its Evil Empire?
Why does Noam Chomsky blame all the worlds ills on US foreign policy?
Since liberals want to keep big money out of politics, should the Sierra Club, the ACLU, the unions, and?
Since liberals want to keep big money out of politics, should the Sierra Club, the ACLU, the unions, and?
After Obama uses the phrase \ LET ME BE PERFECTLY CLEAR \ ..is that when he starts lying to us ?
Did Matt Damon do a good job at making you think John McCain was poised to die?
Does the President of the US choose his ministers from outside of Congress?
Are corporations people?
Why do people dont like UN Agenda 21?
If four people tried to attack me is that deadly force?
is there any way for me to move to us from uk?
Do You HAVE to tell the Post Office whats inside?
Why do the folks over at South Park want you to hear \John The Fisherman\ so much?
Should a country be judged on how it treats it's elderly?
Sir is required in both language in Nwr region to attempt in mts papar 2?
i owe back child support?
Why did Piers Morgan get touchy when Sherriff Nocco didn’t agree with Gun Control?
Who will be our first hispanic president and will Dems ignore immigration/citizenship laws when selecting her?
Can a person become MP and MLA at the same time?
Who makes the suicide nets that keep the hot young female slaves fom dying as they leap from the factory walls?
I need information regarding two different Army duty stations?
Anyone please clear my doubt?
born on 13-04-1983 and my parents stayed around 1 year can i have right to get UK citizenship?
Anyone please clear my doubt?
whether the passport is issued on the basis of PRESENT ADDRESS?
can judicial review outstanding asylum seeker work in uk?
Are you brillent enough to hide a murder?
Why do wealthy Christians worship themselves as gods?
Do you think the American people should attack Obama before he gets to the line of scrimmage?
Wasted tax dollars in the military?
As more and more middle class people die because they cannot afford to pay a 12,000?
Can someone get back to me asap?
Can someone get back to me asap?
Does anyone know why Hillary Clinton and Eric Holder are not facing murder charges for?
How old do you have to be to sign a petition?
Does the Florida stand your ground law justify fatally shooting someone in a crowded movie?
what can I do I bought a exstendable lead from my local rajpoohs discount shop for 5.99 and it snapped?
Whats in a British army ration pack?
Got a traffic citation. Was going 85 on the freeway and have to go to court. What do I do?
Why Did Biden fail at his version of political chicken?
Will you be voting for this great woman?
Is Sarah Palin deserving of her one million dollar contract with Fox News? Roger Ailes called her?
One Australian citizen wants to sponsor me. Can I go and work n study there later?
How many tens of millions of dollars did Obama's vacation to NC cost us yesterday?
Who will win in 2016? The guy that destroyed Hillary or the Republican That ran against her?
Why does it seem the longer Barack Obama is in office the more American citizens?
Is there any scientific proof that women are not as competent as men ...?
Would I get special treatment if I were to pretend to be a minority in the UK?
How accurate do you think this little comparison between racism in the USA and racism in Europe is?
For all you Benghazi doubters what do you have to say now?
Chris Christie closed some lanes, Jan Brewer closed a whole state government agency? Whats next?
Is it normal for a U.S. president to act like a grown man with a special pen and/or phone?
Is the Tea Party drinking the wrong kind of Tea like Bitter Wormwood or something?
Estoppel case advise needed?
Is politics binary system? 100% republican or 100% democratic?
Do you agree the Economy is much better and more stable since Bush crashed it?
Is Fox News at its essence primarily a propaganda machine for the Republican Party? A new book?
im almost 16 and want to move out of foster care but my court order is until im 18 , what can i do?
Why are male Republicans so comfortable with rape? Virginia legislator Richard Black wants spousal rape?
Can a judge lawfully grant a continuance to extend the time to indict a person AFTER 30 days ?
Is there any way to go to america or uk or any other country?
Will I have issues with copyright?
does a address need to apear in bangladesh passport?
British Passport if someone can help plz urgent?
Why do conservatives want to help rich?
Why do liberals want to help poor?
Why is Yahoo Answers member 'xpatinasia' such a anti-conservative Communist sympathizer?
deported form us can i enter canada?
Well Democrats rule the house in 14 how many elections will happen in the house happen this year?
What does it take to be a Master and Commander?
Will Chris Christie shift the weight of the Republican Party to a more statist direction?
Can accountants be singers, actors, DJs, etc?
I am a Pakistani. What are the requirements for a Work visa in USA??
Is Obama going to pay for my education?
introducing new theory of crime at end of trial?
I am a Pakistani. What are the requirements for a Work visa in USA??
Can us, the Y generation on y!a agree on one or two things for the future of politics?
Do Cons have no art or science since there is only Liberal Arts and Sciences?
What groups of people make fun of the Americans that go to work every day, pay their taxes, and enjoy life?
Can I fly to America, get a job, then ask them to get me a visa?
Can a person contest for lok sabha and vidhan sabha seats simultaneously?
How do people stay in Royal Marine training if they get injured?
Question about citizenship? [10 points]?
which country have the best army?
do you know why US help Israel?
Should an underpaid food processing worker who is told they just need to work more seek employment in:..?
We're would an army mp go for basic training?
What are the Requirements for a Physiotherapist to Work in USA ??
Have you seen it? Bruce Springsteens response to the Christie Bridge jam?
whats up with the upsurge the Navy SEAL questions?
Is this an invasion of privacy/against the law?
Is This Much About Domestic Violence True?
The cops beat me and my friend up for no reason, what to do?
Can I Work While Waiting for My Work Permit?
What is wrong with being a tool?
does the navy jag corps work with NCIS?
Is this Obamacare ad accurate?
House broken into but nothing stolen?
If Congress is corrupt then what is BJP?
What is Tier 1 Visa of the UK. How does it benefit the person who has it. what about the nationality?
Doesn't this common form of communication between americans these days just make you warm and fuzzy inside?
Is i all you can eat in Air Force Chow Halls?
Processing time for Immigrant petition?
Has Kejriwal's idea of abolishing the VIP culture backfired?
American-Mexican Hate?
Could the State of Tennessee take my Driver license away for not paying a fine for a P.I and FTA?
What are some of the requirements to be eligible to apply for a dual citizenship?
How important is spelling and grammar now that America is texting and blogging because of technology?
Why did the evil con Aaron Burr kill Alexander Hamilton, who was instrumental in the Whiskey Tax?
Help! Madisonian Views on the Constitution?
Do they also do stuff to integrate white people in majority non-white countries?
Do you know what handgun is this son?
if you become the president of your country for one day?
Do you think the whiskey rebellion guys thought they were patriots? Why was the militia used to put their...?
The purpose of the Militia in the 2nd Amendment is to put down insurrection/rebellion, and repel insurgency...?
Is there a document that protects the people of the United States against the government?
Are US grade schools not teaching kids why the US A-bombed Japan in 1945?
How many citations does a small town county sherrif has to issue per year?
Do I need to get 2 visas for transiting over US on a return trip?
Is it legal to sell an Account/Digital Game Back?
I impregnated my sister in New Jersey?
Any one who is living in Saskatchewan .. i want to be there with PR so help me on few questions .. 1- what is?
Can my boss keep me at work after I clock out?
Do you think the UK is in any way closer to legalising cannabis?
Directors duties conflict of interests?
Contract/Tort - Wainright vs Home Office (2003) how to pick the relevant information to remember?
Do you agree with DeBlasio's favorite poet that white people are to blame for NYC's failing schools?
What is wrong with this picture?
What is wrong with this picture?
R.M.E is liberal in achieving its aim, but indoctrination involves strict adherence.?
Are the roles of judges in the English Legal System to declare what the law is, and not make it?
While India's so many nationalized banks, why doesn't US have one?
Can I take my roommate to a civil claims court?
What do Conservatives think about Black History Month?
Is there a law in Rhea County, Tennessee that saids you must have a front bumper on your car?
What would you have liked on your service rifle? What do you think would have been a good implementation?
How does your middle name gets shown on a UK passport?
Can I sue or press charges on uncle who abused us as kids?
When is Obama going to close down Guantanamo and restore habeas corpus?
Is Warren Buffett actually the president and just using Obama to do his dirty work?
Questions about being a radiology specialist in the army?
can i take my school id and my social security card to go take my permite test?
Can pupprt Obama run his office with calling billionaire Buffet for help?
Cons, are you looking forward to a 100% win with the most voter turnout in history in 2016?
Is there a war coming? Or are the doomsayers at it again?
If a billionaire elite puppet politician promises to pay you for your poverty vote, who will you vote for?
I need help computing my ASVAB line scores.?
Do you think that Corey Booker is considering running in 2016?
Do POOR liberal voters understand anything other than \your government pay-off check is in the mail\?
I'm 17 my boyfriend is 20.im also a runaway?
Should that old Irish blessing be revised?
how long in jail can a minor get for animal cruelty?
I am an Indian Passport holder about to apply for a tourist Visa for Argentina.?
Why can't liberals understand that the tax-generating base MUST be much larger than the taxing authority?
Father passed and everything taken from childern?
Should a law abiding citizen complain about strict background check?
When is the Army Physical Fitness Test?
Why do Americans call themselves land of the free?
Would you oppose on taxing 1 percenters 50% more?
Everything taken when my father passed... please help..?
Should military forces be removed? Why / why not?
I recently got into a car accident with a police officer running a red light with his siren going east boud I?
did walmart warn other walmart businesses about me?
can i take the learners permit test with my social security card only. if i wasn't bron un the US?
what is the difference between Armour piercing ammo and normal ammo?
Why does Obama brown-nose the billionaire elites when they oppose everything he was elected to do for the poor?
Why does Obama brown-nose the billionaire elites when they oppose everything he was elected to do for the poor?
was this virtual rape an is there such a thing?
Reps keep demanding that Obama be impeached; how many want to?
Is it legal to outlaw dancing?
Republicans, why do you claim to be conservative?
Was the 9/11 plane crash an accident?
Are You Serious Right Now?
Chances of getting into the US navy's direct commissioning program?
Wouldn't making gay marriage illegal go against the first amendment?
Obama miraculously won 100% of the vote in 21 districts in Cleveland, how could that happen?
What do you think life looks like through the eyes of Alex Jones?
how can i migrate and get refugee visa in france?
I am a sorcerer, can I get in trouble for using my potions?
Do you think being a cop should require more than a high school diploma?
can a pensioner file \affidavit of Support\?
Is there a way for a Canadian to permanently settle in the USA even if they don't get a job there?
DO YOU WE HAVE TO APPLY FOR OBAMA CARE?
Is it illegal for my parents to withhold legal documents to prevent me from leaving home?
How did japan have such a large army in WWII?
Do you think a misunderstanding of stand your ground laws affected Curtis Reeve's decision to shoot?
How will are \liberal\ frenz FEEL when a Republican President uses executive orders to fix ObamaCare?
Is this person scamming me?
Has anybody else ordered the free I'm ready for Hillary bumper stickers?
Is there a reason why Kanye West isn't under arrest for tracking someone down and assaulting them?
Why does America love helping Asians so much e.g. Israel?
Visiting Australia: which are the dangers?
Agree or Disagree? ObamaCare is here to stay?
mcrotc moral question?
How can a minor with a child file taxes in Hawaii?
I want to get arrested for a crime I didn't commit. How shall I proceed?
What Governors in this country could run for President?
What branch of the military is the best for women?
Can I immigration to Canada without a job offer?
Question about H1-B Visa. What is it? How to get Visa?
Why are liberals who use to be conservatives are the craziest liberal & conservatives who use to be liberal?
Is it possible for a death row inmate to be an organ donor?
Is an 82 a good score on the ASVAB?
What does it mean that if you are led by the Spirit, you are not under the law in Gal. 5:18?
Curious What sence does it make to ask a question of liberals then block every liberal who disagrees with you?
can i get a job at 15 in california ?!?
what is miscellaneous?
Canadian Citizen want to be American?
What is Obama spending money on?
Now we are told to call it ObamaCare is racist?
The CIA hearings proved every conservative claim on Benghazi to be false. No stand down order, ground...?
my child's nationality after birth .?
Is it really true troops in America, during ww1, were beaten, and killed, for unable to fight due to ptsd, and?
Why is war so iconic?
Why are there still races people in the USA.?
will hillary still be fighting all the civil suits against her for Benghazi during the 2016 election?
Do liberals agree with everything the hosts of TYT say?
Do I need a new invention to be fully functioning and to scale to get a patent?
Did Obama lie when he said he didn't lie about Benghazi or did he misspeak when he said he didn't lie?
Who else hated being in the Marine Corps?
question for 18 year old in the army, or maybe some one else who joined remembers?
Looking for an excuse to not get jury duty?
gun ownership and misdemeanors?
what is an example of law and demand?
Will the US soon have strict knife control laws like in the UK?
Are Republicans rewriting history about Watergate, forgetting Nixon had a private army of goons doing felony..?
Is this illegal, foot stuff?
Are you guys going to be happy when Gary Johnson wins in 2016?
sentenced to 3 years probation..when can i get off if doing everything right?
I was out eating with my wife, just minding my own business, and was beaten and arrested, what now?
Liberals and conservatives, do you like gay people?
Jamaica is a independent country it's just that our queen is there queen?
Can I be in the national guard and still go play college basketball?
\how much did the ACA website cost?\ We have a right to know.?
If a flag person is directing traffic in an intersection due to construction do the stop lights have to be off?
How can they get away with sending a young kid named weldon angelos to life in prison for selling marijuana?
Does US spread propaganda about north Korea food shortage?
Can you get arrested for not carrying your license while driving?
If Hillary wins, will this nation be down in the dumps?
As a british citizen why can't peurto Ricans vote in elections even though Puerto Rico belongs to the USA?
HOW I GET EMAIL ADDRESS OF INDIANS WORKING IN CANADA?
Steel Pot vs Fritz Style?
I still can't get over how Obama lied to influence the outcome of the 2012 election, like Nixon did?
Can a minor serve alcohol in their parents restaurant?
What would happen if there was an EMP? What would cause the computer data to erase?
Can i change my signature because im married already in passport please help me?
in how many states is stalking illegal?
Would this disqualify me from being an officer in the Air Force?
If Obama's Benghazi lies are not impeachable, then why did Nixon have to resign over his Watergate lies?
What is my Political view?
If the house majority was Republican during Clintons Presidency?
Why is Fox News still talking ahout Benghazi?
I'm I being sexually harassed at work?
Liberals can you explaining how someone working and becoming rich, or a CEO earning millions, harms you...?
Are there books on the importance of having moral authority before going to war?
Do you believe Fukushima nuclear disaster was a hoax made by media...?
How is Obamacare responsible for the job slump?
does prof. richard lindzen work at the cato institute?
Can i renew passport even not expired yet to chage my last name?
On what basis did the district court reach it's decision?
Is the liberal wall of ignorance coming down, coming down until there's no ignorance?
Was the House Majority democratic or republican when Bill Clinton was president?
For those who say Obamacare is Unconstitutional, what is the Patriot Act?
What is the most likely way for me to join the raf?
What is to blame for the current job market slump?
U.S. President with the most obstruction?
Who picked up the tab when Biden had dinner with Detroit's new mayor?
did man made global warming wipe out the dinosaurs?
the tea party is ignorant, not stupid. do u agree?
obama is trying to destroy the U.S. and the iranian nuclear agreement is proof....?
is it difficult for the tea party to understand climate change?
Wow is there any livable region in this country anymore?
the current climate change is likely mainly due to human activity, say climatologists. true r not?
Kim Jung Un Starves dogs and has them eat his uncle why doesnt PETA step in to do something?
How did the Nazi's know who were 'Jews' in World War 2?
Cop and Guns in california ?
Can you be what you want in the Marines?
as china adds more coal scrubbers, global warming may accelerate. true r not?
Can you be what you want in the Marines?
how much did America buy California. from Mexico?
Why were the Vietkong treated according to Geneva Convention if they were not real soldiers but rebels?
If we charged more for union dues after raising the minimum wage, could we buy out big business?
Can one good thing be said about Christie, at least he didn't blame Bush?
tea party, did u know that climate changes before the industrial revolution would not be human-caused?
Have tattoos but want to be a TORONTO police officer?
How do you get into Westpoint Military Academy?
what duties are given to the vice president by the constitution?
former global warming skeptic, prof. muller, now says we should reduce greenhouse gases. true r not?
the american meteorological society says human activity is likely the main cause of global warming. true r no?
Would an Atheist ever get elected in Canada?
Can you get arrested for threatening?
What are the laws on owning war trophies?
Must all police interviews with possible/confirmed witnesses be voluntary in the USA?
the american geophysical union says human activity is likely the main cause of climate change. true r not?
the national academy of sciences says human activity is likely the main cause of climate change. true or not?
How to become a U.S. citizen? Is there a test that I need to take?
Why is this socialist Senator fear mongering about climate change?
can i still become a cop when my restraining expires?
Got caught speeding. Should I get an attorney?
If Justin Bieber is deported does that mean no more concerts in the US?
Is cocaine a safe party drug?
my father is deseased...how can I retrieve his army photo?
tea party congressperson busted with cocaine. is this family values?
Agree or disagree? Rupert Murdoch, Rush Limbaugh and Ann Coulter represent the family values of conservatism?
Don't like Obama care, what would you have done to ensure more Americans and give them improved coverage?
Anyone else seen the MetLife ad with adult kids getting their folks to sign up for life insurance?Opinions?
Air Force academy cadet and navy enlisted FRATERNIZATION. Could use some guidance.?
Army online classes for promotion points!?
Objectively speaking, who was a worse president: Barack Obama or Ronald Reagan?
Can Undifferentiated Connective Tissue Disease (UCTD) disqualify you from the military?
A question for both party's.?
today is martin luther king birthday, what are your thoughts of him?
Would I need to join the reserves before I go to college?
gates says obama's order to kill osama was the bravest thing he had ever seen in the white house.true?
Do i have to redo basic training for the army all over again?
weed debate here pro or con?
Should more politicians come in like a wrecking ball?
Has former defense secretary Robert Gates gotten his IRS audit notice yet?
Why does Fox News dance around the Benghazi scandal? Is it because Roger Ailes and Rupert Murdoch are?
Military enlistment with an arrest record?
1st Batallion, 7th ADA Regiment?
Marine Corps. Mos help!?
How do I get involved or get started towards a career as a political aid?
Can anyone please tell me if there's any law in the state of Pennsylvania of a teacher grabbing a student?
Why did people spit on soldiers returning home from Vietnam, and call them \baby killers\?
Working visa for a law school graduate?
How hard is Army Ranger RASP?
washington post: cia special forces were not told to stand down. do u believe that?
Why doesn't the president have to get a security clearance check?
Why is Leon Panetta afraid to tell the truth about Benghazi and call Obama a liar?
Marajana question!!!?
Why did i get a notice in the mail that my license will get suspended if i got a court date extension?
will they send me home from basic for this?
Do you think Christie will consider me to replace Bridget Kelly as his deputy chief of staff?
shouldn't we be taught the laws and overall morality in school?
Australian student visa processing time?
I believe the us government is stalking me why?
Are Fox News #1 Fan and Fox News Lover the same troll?
Is John McCain a p.o.s.?
nolle prosequi joining military?
How is that trickle up poverty working out for the Obamanomics?
Evolution of the US health care system( see details for complete question)?
Tenant received court papers for me, dont they have to serve me personally or my actual home?
3.8 million have signed up for ocare and medicaid. should we thank obama for that?
if a guy has over 1000 friends and his status get a lot of likes by women is he a player?
Who do you think has a better case for socialism?
Why are liberals so oblivious to all the reality of the major problems facing America?
many big corps have been hacked. but healthcare.gov has not been. what does that tell u?
How long does it take to receive your passport ?
Does the Edsel, New Coke, the 2008 financial collapse and the Obamacare web site prove?
will a shoplifting charge reduce to a disturbing the peace affect a getting a green card ? I?
What would Canada be without immigrants ?
Air scoop behind the gun on an A10 Warthog...?
obama promised to cut the deficit in half. the projected deficit is cut in half. promise kept?
NY and CA are using tax payer money to sterilize female deer to reduce deer populations.?
Have you ever been unjustly fired?
If you make parole and are released when do you EOS your time? Do you do your long or short date?
Swore in at MEPS - Can I still choose to become an Army Ranger in the future?
Can I change something on my birth certificate?
Can you transfer college credits to the military?
Told my mom I want to join the military. She's not supporting me at all...?
MEPS Contract - Will I keep my MOS?
How can i join the RCMP?
How can i join the RCMP and then hopefully the ERT?
Ideas for class president?
What frustrates you politically and why?
How long do I have to pay court costs in Belmont County, OH after the due date?
Do you think there are a string of co conspirators involved in this Christi gate and will more heads roll?
Who is chief minister of india?
Whats the highest position a woman can currently hold in the US military?
the US military offered ambassador stevens military security teams. why did stevens turn them down?
Can I ask the video uploader to grant me the copyrights?
I want to be a Navy nurse?
Can you be Dq at Meps for a Well i Dont want to say deformed foot but a Weird foot ?
Do you think the Southern Strategy is a liberal myth?
Should we turn the Republicans into frogs?
If my friend broke my point and shoot camera what legal rights do I have against him?
are the recent crashes off of the Virginia coast connected to the rockets being launched there today?
Much as Iibs joke about GWB's military service how does it compare to Obama's?Pretty funny?
Would you want to own a gun that has taken a life?
The Koch brothers funded a study to disprove global climate change that actually proved the opposite?
the benghazi committee says the reference to al qaeda was removed by the cia, not the white house. do u agree?
Is a teacher allow to grab a student and drag them to the office? Is that illegal?
Liberals, Why does Obama still refuse to say where he was after the Benghazi attack?
Do the English/Scottish Police keep Records on you if you've had mental health issues?
Is it good for our country to have a President who lies so easliy to the American people?
Pros and Cons About Marijuana?
Is it illegal for my neighbors to be peeking through my window?
Should i tell my recruiter about smoking?
is it illegal to ask for money on here?
Do you think, in the future, our grandchildren will be living in a secular atheist country...?
Iran is going to become ally of U.S ? and Saudi Arabia is going to be ally of China ?
Did Bush open up the gates of hell in Iraq?
Is this why Red States are failing our children, should the Govt. mandate stricter education rules?
If Dems really wanted to make a break from their kIan past why didn't they rename their party?
Police officer let his dog lunge at me through my window?? Nearly bitten?
what is an example of individuals that contribute to nongovernmental entities that do not expect a return on?
Does it make the liberals go crazy when the TRUTH is told about Obama knowing and LYING about Benghazi?
Why did the Zimmerman trial become a political issue?
Public Drunkenness in PA?
Why did Libs scream Bloody Murder when Christie moved some cones, but ignore 4 Bloody Murders?
Can women currently serve in ALL combat positions in the US military?
Have you left a job to get a better job, only to return as a patron to see the same people working there?
Off topic - Who here also agrees that the earth is around 6,000 years old?
Why did 0bama lie about Benghazi instead of being honest?
how long will MSNBC go before they are forced to do a story on the bipartisan Congressional report on Benghazi?
This girl at work told me.......?
Why should you be proud of your country?
do gays who marry have full rights of a normal married couple in states where it is legal or does DOMA overide?
People of politics! Does Christie appear to be passing his latest Presidential test?
How come liberals whine about a lane closed on the GWB, yet could care less about FOUR Americans murdered by?
Did President Obama misspeak when he said he didn't lie about Benghazi ........?
POP QUIZ: Who is the only American President to be born in Kenya?
Why do socialists always gravitate to supremists like Muslims?
How come liberals hate to hear that Obama LIED and knew about the Benghazi attack and could have stopped it?
Do I need to submit evidence or \proof\ for claim when filing small claims?
What are the chances that Obama will divorce his wife?
what can be said... wow.. 5 partisans congressional report released today on Benghazi, is hillary on full?
Why did Muslims burn and destroy the Library of Alexandria, which held the greatest works of brilliance?
quotas for immigration to America?
what education is needed to be in the house of representitives and senate?
Is it summer in Antarctica?
what happens if the u.s foreign policy with pakistan doesnt work?
What endeavors most account for John Kerry's great wealth?
Is it not possible that we have all been fooled by the American media propaganda?
Why do liberals think Obama should tell Doctors how much to charge their patients?
Is the 0bama administration more corrupt than the Nixon administration?
Did I fail my police psych test?
Was the drama over Benghazi just an attempt to rehash fear of \Al-Qaida\™?
Will My Husband Get Sent Home?
can a new Orleans police officer write a ticket for stopping in a fire zone in a private parking lot?
What can I do if someone I know is slandering me in messages to my boyfriend?
What is it like at the naval academy?
I need some advice ASAP please!!! OHIO LAWS?
What do you think about us losing net neutrality yesterday?
Did Susan Rice get a promotion for lying for 0bama?
I need serious help ASAP. Question on sexual harassment?
is Obamacare trust busting in reverse?
What is the silliest global warming denier pseudo science argument you've ever heard?
If a POTUS would tell a \baId-faced Iie\ to the citizens why would you EVER trust them?
Why are Democrats acting like there's a \ statute of limitations \ on the 4 Benghazi Murders?
Does a background check or physical include a drug test?
Can we get married here in taiwan we are both filipino citizen?
What do military doctors do in times of war?
How hard is it to become a ky state trooper?
When Universities accept students who have government subsidies, isn't like?
I want to join the army and serve our country and be a part of the team?
Now that we're certain Obama knew about the Terrorists, should we bring Obama to Justice first ...?
Why do global warming denying conservatives only talk about climate change when it's cold outside?
Is this considered threatening a police officer?
How could I figure out a court date?
what lasting legacy did hitler have on germany?
Explain how each topic below disfranchised blacks at the voting booth.?
I this strange possible set up for my murder?
Buyer's remorse, should I refund the item?
Is it legal to sell 5 broken eggs at the grocery store ? They call it a Managers special. Looks bad!?
Parents don't want me to join the military?
Why shouldn't we blame Bush?
what was the conservatives chief complaint about fdr and the new deal?
Was it a Conservative group that carried out the attacks in Benghazi.?
What's the record for a question being deleted?
What is a good age to see recruiter if you are interested in the National Guard split option?
What if I were to claim humanity's rights to the Milky Way galaxy?
Do you think it annoys foreign governments that the USA has planted bugging devices in 100,000 computers?
what do you think larry silverstein spends his insurance claim money on ?
Question regarding not choosing to sign my air force military contract.?
Which of these is not an expressed power of Congress?
Did Benghazi get attacked because the gop cut funding for sufficient US military protection?
what does it mean when?
why do people hate the free market so much?
If Obama has a Drone flown over your house would that make you think the government was after you?
How does Gerrymandering affect your electoral representation?
What is child custody mediation about?
Why hasn't anyone been indicted for Benghazi?
How tough is it to become a lawyer in california?
what was President William H. Harrison main accomplishment?
Company did my clearance said that they accidentally granted me an interim clearance?
Will a school suspension effect my chances of getting into the Marines?
Private Detective Question for experts.?
When Reagan and GW Bush were exploding deficits and the national debt, what were Republicans' reaction?
Can you get reported from someone in North Carolina to someone in New York without any evidence?
What were the 5 most powerful countries right before the outbreak of WWII in 1939?
My husband changed his social security number. what are the reasons for change?
What is child custody mediation about?
Why is Frances new Socialist President talking Business Tax breaks and welfare reform?
Government of Iraq before Saddam?
My friend got married today at the age of 16 to her short-term boyfriend so that she could live on base?
RINO means republican in name only , so what is a \ true \ repub ?
Weren't the homeless better off in mental health hospitals?
i need my original provisional license from home office does it effect my case?
Will spousal support payments be upheld in the court of law if there was no legal documentation?
What policies do PETA try to influence and have they been successful?
DRONES , what does Obama want to do with them in the U.S.A.?
If Obama closed the roads to the Capitol, could he then make \recess appointments\?
why do so many americans live in their cars now?
Rev. Wright said \MLK had dreams. Obama has drones.\ Your thoughts?
Is it Safe To Sign Up To This?
Vandalizing with washable marker...?
Why can't the GOp produce a candidate that more Americans would vote for?
Do you think that innovation that Barack spoke about in N.Carolina bring on the jobs?
Accidentally called 911?
Why do we always seem to get the dumbest answers in the Religion and Politics forums?
Is it possible to marry an illegal immigrant?
What is a progressive secular socialist?
Why are people who happen to be in poverty are often described as \The Poor\?
How do I tell my parents?
Have we ever had a situation where the U.S.A .has forcibly removed a President?
Why does President Obama think we should care?
if an illegal alien is pregnant do you think they should get free medical insurance?
how to get bail conditions changed?
Why cant liberals see that Rush Limbaugh is a compassionate conservative and only stands up for the truth?
Conservatives! Do you think Obama has been unfair to his opposition? Do you think a President should be fair?
Do Americans love their servitude?
what are some \every day\ things that have to do with the government?
When is Obama finally going to scramble some drones and destroy Snowden in Russia?
How aggressively should the government promote preventable health care and habits?
How do coroners determine how someone died?
can i still join the Marines?
can i still join the Marines?
How can I make a marriage legal in my state?
Will MEPs disqualify me for this issue?
How do I contact the United Nations?
Sued for rent what do I do?
Why are conservatives trying to say Union strikes are a form of protest?
i received a red camara ticket in the city of commerce California?
Do you think Chris Christie is guilty of anything that could hurt his chances of becoming President?
Do you think that the reason why Obamas scandals cant be reported is because that would be racist?
If Jeb Bush were elected president would he be better or worse then his father and brother?
Moving to another state with my daughter without her father, legal?
why am i so nervous about army basic training?
Republicans routinely file lawsuits against the Libertarian party. Have Democrats EVER done this?
Is it blackmail if a girl threatens to call the police on me just because I didn't reply to her for days?
FBI and its Drug use?
If you break probation and are sentenced to jail, are you off probation when you get out?
Can we truly expect that those who aim to exploit us to be trusted to educate us?
Are many senators seeking re-election this November?
Is posible be boduguard in california?
when you get arrested for shoplifting would the officer that arrested you be in court ?
Will 0bama lie during the State of the Union?
Why Is American Ministration so mad about Edward Snowden?
what are the rising actions for staying fat for sarah byrnes?
In NYC, who is allowed to have dark window tints?
Why does MSNBC hire the most radical of the radical to host shows on their network?
Why do/don't you think the govt increasingly setting the stage for massive civil insurrection?
Exactly which unit rescued Navy Seal Marcus Luttrell?
Don't you think that Sean Penn would make a great US President one day?
Will CIA execute Edward Snowden?
Being questioned by a cop for something that im being accused of.?
How are liabilities for the federal reserve created?
Can you leave active duty AF, join a guard unit, then take STAT tours and get a 20 year military retirement?
Don't you think Bill O'Reilly would make a fine President?
How many innocent people were shot today by guns owned by \responsible gun owners\?
Can the book \Animal Farm\ tells us anything about Politics and the danger of abuse of power?
What's worse? A union President making 12 times what the lowest paid member makes?
Why is immigration part of Canadian identity?
Now that the Benghazi report is fianlly out, and now we know Hillary has no hope, are the libs going Biden?
What would be the drawbacks to requiring real world job experience of those seeking elected office?
Would MLK be proud of Obama being President?
My daughters father is illegal will he get custody?
POLL: Was the trail of tears a bad thing even though it enabled progress?
Do i qualify for FEHB?
This one's for the soldiers, how often did you think of leaving her?
POLL: Was segregation a good thing or a bad thing?
Are Politicians give the questions before debates?
Can I file a Lawsuit?
Why is it that republicans constantly attack Obama got obamacare?
What fantasy land are Liberals living in that has them thinking blue dress Bill was a great President?
Should we cut back on the military bases located in Europe?
Why do Russians suck at war?
If UE is 6.7% and labor participation is 68% where are the other 25.3% of the workers?
Politics: Why do liberals stand with the establishment?
Who in the allies contributed the most in WW2?
Would you like to see Rand Paul or President Perry for 2016?
Wait period after surgery?
If Jeb Bush became president, could we expect another war in the middle east?
Since the administrations of Iraq and Afghanistan show no respect towards the U.S. Military?
Why do I hate the two-party system so much?
Giving birth in Philippines?
Is there anything short of impeachment that will stop Obama from exceeding his constitutional authority?
What happens if you skip town before your court date?
If Chris Christie was working the cones, like he said he was for the DOT, how would he know if there was a?
Why did Rev Wright say today ,MLK had a dream, Obama has a drone?
Why does Obama think that his job is to create laws through executive fiat?
Photography of person on private property?
Did Jimmy Carter and Ronald Reagan continue to have ill will towards each other post-the 1980 election?
Don't you think President Obama would embrace every citizen of the U.S.A if he could?
Has obamacare succeeded in increasing or decreasing ppl seeking healthcare treatment in ERs?
What are your thoughts about the news in canadafreepress.com?
When will U.S. citizens come to realize that this 2-party system is really no choice at all?
Why didn't the president go to church on Christmas Day?
If you were a racial minority woudn't you take advantage of all the advantages the U.S.A. offers?
What effect on the US would a GOP majority in the senate have in 2015?
Is now the time to impeach HUSSEIN 0bama?
Is it illegal to telemarket on a Sunday in the state of California?
is the job of government to help facilitate our financial enslavement?
Are Republicans mad President Obama took advantage of all the opportunities in the U.S.A.?
Is it ethical to leave behind certain students as a teacher?
Who is the leader of the official opposition an what party do they represent?
i dont know what to do need advice on drug test?
Woud you please direct me to the direction the President is taking the U.S.A.?
Who is the Attorney General at the Provincial level and what party do they represent?
E3 military divorcing in base housing?
Can I move out of state or town while having custody of my child?
Help with comic book copyright laws?
Will liberals ban falling to save lives?
can you take a loan out to invest in stocks?
If a POTUS would tell a \baId-faced Iie\ to the citizens why would you EVER trust them?
when will Canada quit being cowardly and quit appeasing muslims?
How long does it take to go through tech school as a Load Master for the Air National Guard?
Republicans. Why do you support spending $BILLIONS on 1000 foreign military bases?
What does Ted Nugent think about the Bridge-Gate?
I'd like to travel to the usa with a different nationality?
Can I sue my doctor for loosing my urine sample?
Does the movie \Wolf of Wallstreet\ Accurately depict the life of an every day Republican CEO?
What is the name of the Governor General of Canada?
my friend stole checks from a resident at my job and i was seen with her cashing them. what will probly happen?
Is it illegal to marry your first girlfriend?
Who is the Lieutenant Governor of Ontario?
How isn't obamacare effectively a tax on the middle class?
is fema good or bad ?
Should we have the option to remove a President in the U.S.?
Now the Senate say the Benghazi attack was done by al Qaeda, and it was preventable?
Why do progressives think government force solves all problems?
Should Congress use \fast track\ authority to OK the Trans Pacific Partnership w no more debate?
Is it possible to get a Parolee in trouble without filing a police report? (by going straight to his P.O?)?
Would a car shop be responsible for stealing from my car?
Who was your favorite president in US History?
which battle was more important to the outcome of world war 2?
Do you prefer conservative free market supply side capitalism or liberal socialist poverty up communism?
Would it be illegal to counter-rape someone?
How is it to work for FBI ?
Can the GOP unite behind someone like Christy?
Why do cons want the rich to hold onto so much money if they aren't going to spend it, should they have it?
Did Jimmy Carter do the right thing by giving amnesty to draft dodgers from the Vietnam war?
How do I get a job in Japan after graduating from Canadian university?
Guilty until proven inncocent?
should black people really be allowed to vote?
Why do Liberals think that our infrastructure system is broken, decaying, and old?
Do military recruiters check your facebook page?
How can we get a draft dodgers monument?
So I'll give all you statists that drugs are dangerous. So what?
Why do liberals see Christie's bridge scandal as worse than Benghazi or the IRS targeting?
Isn't this news just great I thought things were getting better?
Why do cons think they know anything about economics? Big cities are more financially equal than con havens?
If 4/5 of those signing up for obamacare are subsidized how will it sustain itself?
What's your overall opinion on how the president has done thus far?
How did American Law get started?
Do you find it laughable that liberals took and know economics?
Bench Warrant, facing 7 years.?
I am a Canadian looking to audition to cheer in the NFL. What kind of US Visa do I need to apply for?
Will Comrade Hillary or Despot Obama ever come clean about Benghazi or will they keep dumping it on Rice?
Why do more Americans say they are financially worse off than they were a year ago?
Shouldn't we abolish the minimum wage to create more jobs?
When you sign up for Obamacare why don't they ask you about your assets, only income?
What would happen in this situation?
my felony was 12 Years ago can I get hazmat endorsement?
why don't Cons realize that businesses hire people based on demand?
I work for a school District in NJ If I am not offered a contract this june can I collect unemployment?
Did I fail my police psyche exam?
It seems today that all ya see is violence in movies and Benghazi consalates getting blown to Smithereens wher?
Will my felony show on a employment background check?
Unemployment solution, hire anyone?
Will legalizing marijuana mean people will push for other more dangerous drugs to be legalized?
Oh Susana don't you cry for me I come from Benghazi with a banjo on my Prosthetic knee?
Which climate change argument is more likely?
Would the military have a chance against zombies?
Why does it take so long to apply for food stamps?
Why won't Democrats admit that Barack Obama will be impeached for Benghazi?
Would you support Drilling on Federal land and tax it to Help the poor?
Should employees that make $40,000 a year and up help fund Obamacare with a 0.5% deduction?
Anybody know where i will be most likely station at army 91g?
Does the U.S. gov. consider the \Army of God\ terrorists?
is best buy suing me or the state?
Will cons feel safer knowing that under the Obama administration, the existence of Area 51 was declassified?
which military branch is best for me?
Where does the Government get off on telling me who I can forbid to get married?
Height limit for pilots for all military branches?
What exactly is an Anti-American?
Leftists, are you proud the U.S. dropped out of the top ten most free economies?
Bolt Action or Semi Auto Sniper Rifle?
What is an embassy and what is its purpose?
What was the reason the USA got involved in the Persian Gulf War 23 years ago tomorrow?
Have you noticed a pattern of freedom loss?
What was the reason the USA got involved in the Persian Gulf War 23 years ago tomorrow?
So, on the 100th anny of WW1, I wonder when Europe will start another World War?
Senate report declassified today says Benghazi fault of the State dept?
would you vote for a female president?
I feel I was wrongfully discharged because of discrimination. What should I tell an attorney?
Social security question?!?
I feel I was wrongfully discharged because of discrimination. What should I tell an attorney?
Does the army national guard allow people in who used to self harm?
Why did Samuel Worcester sue the state of Georgia?
Do you wish the following would happen to conservatives & Libertarians?
Absence at work after witnessing fatal accident?
not being able to pay my infraction ticket?
Gun lovers : a bag of microwave popcorn has a mass of 2.85 oz How many fps must that bag strike?
AirForce: Can i use a Day pass on a 3 day weekend?
Y r Japanese less to identify themselves as 'us & them' such as, liberals vs conservatives in the USA?
Poll: are you liberal or conservative and why?
Can I get my illegal baby daddy taken off the birth certificate?
Can I withdraw my child from daycare and stop paying without notice?
If we have to endure free trade, shouldn't we get standardized welfare benefits and freedom of immigration?
CH 13 and foreclosure?
18 years old: speeding ticket, 3 other misdemeanors HELP?
Are you happy that Whites will be a minority of the American population?
What has has happened to my beautiful California?Even Texas is now beating us in academics and graduation rate?
Can I be forced to work for 4 days witho going home?
what is the colony's government?
Y was it a black Secretary of Education who closed schools in black neighborhoods + called the teachers union?
Constantly being tailgated while driving speed limit. Is going over 5 or 10 miles no longer wrong?
What documents do i need to send with the I-130 form to get a visa for my wife(lives in Mexico)?
What is the claim of the political cartoon ?
Where do recruits in the US Army National Guard split option train at?
I have a question about the government regarding my computer?
When will Hillary Clinton announce her decision regarding a second presidential campaign?
Why does most technology start out as military technology?
Politically speaking does the headline \Walt Disney was racist\ come off as news?
If you're 16 and pregnant and you're baby gets taken away will you get taken away too?
(death penalty) how to rebuttal a counterargument?
Cons, will you boycott Amazon if their warehouse workers form a union?
Should atheists be banned from running for President?
How do you read bullets sizes?
will army basic training make depersonalization disorder worse?
would you agree with this?
If NORWAY has enough cash-on-hand and in future Royalties to make every single citizen a Millionaire were they?
Why is there wage disparity? Could it have something to do with the Value of what each individual is producing?
can a 17 old date a 21 old in uk?
Do Grandparents have any right to the kids if their daughter passed away?
I have a question about the government regarding my computer?
Should parents be fined and face jail for taking children out of school for holidays?
If you cannot trust a retired police chief with a loaded gun, who can you trust?
Why does Congress pick and choose what parts of the Constitution to uphold?
Why would someone that was qualified to be president want the job?
Do you think Barack Obama should have some of his critics face a firing squad?
Anyone read the Senate Intelligence report on Benghazi?
How much have you learned about politics since you came here?
POLL: Is this the most realistic and probable way of every major power disarming their nuclear weapons?
Did 0bama attack Libya without authorization from Congress?
Caregiver massage therapy welder possible to live work abroad and be citizen there?
Will Americans elect another President in 2016 base on qualifications ... OR... his support for Gay Pride +?
Is this sexual law enforcing that?
Is this sexual law enforcing...?
What military branch is best to join for college.?
Submitting EPR bullets to my supervisor and not clear on what he expects to receive, help please!?
Is there any jobs in the navy that are not special forces but are still physically demanding?
What is your position on red-light/speeding cameras?
Where it comes to Benghazi have we learned that we don't want either 0bama or Hillary to answer the ....?
What are hillary's chances of President now that the Senate Intelligence report is out?
Getting an entry level Australian oil rig job for IMMIGRANTS?
I would like to know the views of Americans about the NSA!?
What's the difference between loitering & trespassing? I thought it mean the same thing.?
IRS: Last name change?
Can I legally move out at 17 1/2? (Las Vegas)?
How to differentiate between a good law enforcement officer and a bad law enforcement officer?
Is this the final test to see if I am really Master of the Universe? It feels like?
Since daryll issa has never found anyone to indict from all of his investigations, should he be indicted?
Since daryll issa has never found anyone to indict from all of his investigations, should he be indicted?
Are us marines in Afghanistan trained on speaking Dari or Pashto?
Do we need more or less law enforcement officers?
If I am eighteen but haven't graduated high school, do I still need a work permit?
How can every person have a decent living and be wealthy?
what website can i get Harris County Criminal Records result for free?
Is Barack Obama to Iran what Dennis Rodman is to North Korea?
What economic system do you believe in and why?
What should I call them?
Can a 15 year old carry a small handheld taser in Fairless Hills Pennsylvania?
What is the best way to improve the economy?
do i have to pay off the whole amount of debt or just...?
What criteria do you have to meet to register a religious organisation in the UK?
What happened to the Great Compression?
Government money ....?
Left wingers now agree the Benghazi attack was the same as the 9/11/2001 attack. Should Obama be bashed?
Libs remember this guy from 2008?
Can you support the Obama agenda and still want what is best for the USA?
Why Americans carry weapons?
Why can’t Bit-Coin work?
Can i join the police with a bachelors in biology?or does it have to be in criminal justice?
Why don't we establish a basic income of $10K for EVERYONE?
what is the status of my maryland handgun permit ssn-141-64-9923?
\Roosevelt won the 1932 election because he had an effective campaign? HELP!!?
What are some free inmate criminal record sites?
Are we really living in a consumerist society?
Question re: residential privacy?
Senate panel says Benghazi attack was preventable. Will Hillary or Obama be punished for the failure?
Should we run an experiment on different economy's runned by different groups?
Why Shouldn't Serbia Be Allowed To Join The EU?
Can I join the army if I have a personality disorder?
HELP! can someone ask for 30%cancellation fee for a product?
In considering the army?
How can anyone still support Obama?
If Texas has no income tax then why do we need a federal income tax?
Why if USA are now officially somewhat close to a 3rd World Country, people still move there?
Do Republicans also doubt everything their Doctors tell them, since the are just Scientist?
Is Christie really starting to quake now?
Why is the left's answer to the poor not to create opportunities for them?
Do you think England will leave the EU?
If Progressives are willing to destroy our health care system to usher in single payer, what else will they do?
why don't the ILLEGAL mexicans go to Europe rather than the US?
my name was in the USMC system?
was the keystone pipeline approved?
Why do so many left wingers think military personnel won't take their oath to protect the ....?
In VA(18 yrs old)I got a speeding ticket&took the driving class..There's more?
Are you glad the USA is the sole global superpower?
What can I do to help out my 16 year old girlfriend? (jail)?
Becoming a police detective ?
Why is the American government so bad?
Dress code on police duty ?
is it illegal to download videos clips for personal use only?
If a thug texts in public how many times should I shoot them?
the only way to sve the usa is to divide it into new civilised states?
When will 0bama start living up to his claims?
What of the seniors or computer illiterate who can't sign up for Obamacare?
I need questions to ask my immigration attorney. Help!?
When being booked into prison, what does \dis weap occ dwell/moving veh\ mean?
How can you get thrown in jail in the UK for Cannabis posession?
Deceased person gone missing?
Can i carry these medicines on me in New Jersey, ciprofloxacin and ms contin (controlled release morphine)?
Is 2016 starting to look like 1964?
Which is a better move to save America ?
marriyng a german while on student visa ?
Why wasn't Dick Cheney investigated by congress?
When Cons talk about Benghazi and create fake scandals, are they proving that hindsight really is 20/20?
Who is more fair and balanced? Benghazi report out:?
Why was bailing out millionaire bankers a no brainer in congress, but helping the unemployed a non starter?
Does everybody in the British Army go on a tour of duty,or are there certain units that are exempt?
Why does everyone on this silly Internet game take everything so seriously?
What do you talk about in the military?
If all the conservative businesses got together and decided to drop the government. What happens?
Why is everybody so against drugs being legal?
Wearing Airsoft gear in Public?
In California, can a minor buy an enema kit?
Court ruling overturns Net Neutrality, threatens online access, How soon will the poor be cut off Answering YH?
Do you think I will be able to get in to a good law school?
Will you agree to give all yours rights to a single person?
My ex bf gave me a gun because I live alone and then broke up with me over a text message and wants the gun?
Is it illegal if someone else pays for my health insurance?
Making a deal with a cop to get out of a speeding ticket?
Need help what can police do?
The world is a business?
Do you have to pay tax if you sell marijuana?
How to deal with family members in the army?
someone please help me? ?
Do cops really have a quota system?
Can I keep abandoned car left on my property?(Texas)?
Will traffic tickets keep me from becoming a police officer?
how can an unfit mothere keep her baby?
Do you think they should ban gus in a movie theater?
My rights regarding local authority swimming pool membership?
Why are minorities in the USA less educated then majorities?
Online college and active duty infantry?
How to gain guardianship?
11-15 Gave my friend my oyster?
The world will never be equal and so we should stop trying...?
Question about judges in regards to traffic violations?
A Medical Mistake.....?
Where can I legally pan for gold in Minnesota or Wisconsin?
Why not much more talk about Christie and family and the 25 million spent on some advertising gimi?
I am 17 years old just wondering what age you can become an au pair for another family abroad?
How should i pursue trespassing?
Can you use PHPMYADMIN to correct a website's statistical database such as the CPS on census.gov?
social security benefits (answer only if u know about it)?
Isn't it great that minimal to no regulations caused the chemical spill in West Virginia?
Could 9/11 and Benghazi have been prevented?
How do ordinary police officers feel about the Not Gulty verdict in the Kelly Thomas murder trial?
Well you see how badly Republicans act - Aren't you glad they are not in power?
Republican say they are the party of responsibility, and admit mistakes they made, except they have never made?
If a company changes owners is a contract still valid?
If Conservatives support Freedom Liberty why are they against Gay Marriage?
Why don't white men date black women ?
If I get stopped for speeding on the GW bridge can I just say someone I dislike sped and got away with it?
Clinton did not deregulate banking. Trent Lott and Republicans wrote and lobbied the bill, put it on his desk?
Military Involuntary Separation Pay Question?
Is This a legal site?
Is my tattoo politically incorrect?
First time speeding ticket going 100mph in 65mph zone in California?
Do people in NJ realize that Christies' pension reform really means pension cuts?
legally can i tell my daughter that shes a boy?
What could I legally have done to this guy?
How do plumbers, electricians, etc. get into Vatican City?
How do I fire my boss?
My brother was changed with aggravated sexual assault of a minor could he get time if they have no medical pro?
How to obtain a court appointed lawyer for a class A misdemeanor in New York?
Is the conservative with a Peter Griffin avatar a serious user or a troll?
Why do people hate Obama so much?
What do I have to score on the asvab for Marine Corps Infantry..?
Should the American Indian pay compensation for the damage they did to the environment?
What are the requirenents to be a citizen of the usa?
If someone is restrained from contacting you in any means whatsoever-including 3rd party.?
I'm on tag home detention curfew can I make a excuse for Friday to probation to keep it a simple warning?
Do you get anything special when you graduate Marine Recon?
Student spouse visa in n newzealand?
Help me out with these details marines?
Can a RAF regiment officer/gunner become a SAS commondo?
How can I become a Navy SEAL?
If Democrats are so interested & fixated on GWB...I could give them a good price on a bridge for sale in Bklyn?
What receives the most discretionary spending.?
Who the hell qualifies for the Obamacare subsidies..?
Company Withholding Training Pay?
For those of you who cant or didn't or refuse to sign up for Obamacare?
who is more dishonest?
Why do people vote for the A.N.C?
Someone died because of the bridge closing. Republicans say, \no big deal\?
The peace of the grave or the security of the slave?
can I get my deposit back if I haven't signed lease contract?
Should all cell phones be banned from movie theatres now that a texting thug had to be gunned down by?
Why is Christie still polling ahead of Clinton.?
Why is Christie still polling ahead of Clinton.?
child support order set?
Will right-wing and left-wing anarchists be able to get along once the state collapses?
Did the Supreme Court invalidate school dress codes back in the 70s?
Can they give me my notice?
What is more unbelievable?
is the yahoo question dept. politically motivated to block my cheney/rove questions?
Why do conservatives think Obama is a far leftist, when he's really just a moderate?
How do I claim entitlement in a wrongful death lawsuit, when I am not the plaintiff?
Why can't conservatives understand that the person who gives the most free stuff wins?
Can I go to another bank of america and withdrawl 500?
Why has Obama broken his oath to defend the consituition?
Was there actually an entire different reason for closing the lanes on the bridge?
If I smoked marijuana before can I join the military?
What is More riskier, buy a rental house with 20% down or buying Dividend paying stocks?
how does a police escort help when your 18 and you parents wont let you leave?
If you could say one sentence to Barack Obama what would you say?
How soon can we expect the IRS to takr these peoples money who refuse to pay for Obamacare.?
Benefits confusion please help?
How many prescriptions could have been filled for the poor, for the one billion wasted on Obamacare website?
how do you get something copy righted?
Can you be arrested if you post a video of a shooting on facebook?
If he became Prime Minister, how would Justin Trudeau differ with Steven Harper on immigration?
What do you think of my immigration reform ideas?
Mizz Gifford was gunned down by that dude in Arizona, and now she wants to ban guns. If she would've...?
Why do libs here keep saying that Democrats didn't want Obamacare and they wanted single payer?
what are 8 events that lead the united states becoming a world power?
If you accidently killed someone in self defense while they tried to kill you would you get punished?
im 18 and im thinking on joining the army or air force but what job is good for me in the army/force?
Do you think it likely Dick Cheney will go hunting with the Dynasty Duck Yuppies?
Will having Legg-Perthes disease disqualify me from joining the Army?
JFK the martyr, yes or no?
How to get my sons social security number?
are legislative committees and select committees basically the same thing?
Should Ben Barrack of 1400 KTEM have a nationally syndicated talk show?
Do you ever shop at thrift stores?
The Korean War. History?
HISTORY! Marshal plan and Truman doctrine.?
Do you suspect Chris Christie is involved with organized crime; so Soprano or Fred Flintstone?
Do you believe that USA should continue to have the death penalty?
Did you see the film \The Last Supper\?
Where do you have most of your money invested?
Is it too far fetched to suggest that Mars is the way it is because of Global Warming?
Why do Democrats want to bail out the health insurance companies?
So how many of you have noticed the change in nursing care since Obamacare took effect?
processing time from Pakistan?
need chem light batteries?
Do American soldiers really hate muslims that much?
If you are speeding because of certain situations, is this violating a criminal law, or a civil law.?
Arguments favoring/against Delhi's anti corruption help-line being first of its kind?
Is it legal to own a ak47 in Canada?
Does the attached interactive map seem to say the Democrats in red states are driving up the need for ....?
how many black men are in prison today?
In California is it legal to record police while they pull me over?
Can my probation officer make me go to a mental health clinic?
If congress would impeach Holder would President Obama realize he is next?
convicted of benefit fraud received 40 hours community service how long will this stay on my crb form?
I want to get in as a combat medic need help please?
Does America need another big \free trade\ treaty - with no Congressional scrutiny?
Isn't it more important what Obama is issuing executive orders for instead of just counting how many?
will Colorado become the new intellectual capital now that pot is legal?
Why does Barack Obama hate the British?
What has Obama done for out relationship with other countries?
Other than being ashamed of what you post and ask,?
When Conservatives say they are against giving welfare to able bodied people why is that interpreted ....?
Who cannot wait for the IRS to levie your wages for unpaid health insurance deductables and premiums?
i had unprotected butterfly kisses with a girl now she says i got her pregnant..please help!!!?
In 1 or 2 sentences, define incentive and explain the government's incentive for this regulation.?
Does the Us Army Air Cavalry still exist?
Should the US be a for profit health care or not for profit health care nation?
Hello, does anybody knows to which political party the 2014 fed members belongs to?
is michelle our new jacki ooooooooooooo my god?
Should people on benefits be allowed pets?
why do you get deleted antime you criticize barak or his lovely wife?
So why can't Republicans legitimately explain how it's fair that 1% own 40% of the wealth in the US?
what criminal charges will follow the impeachment of Baraq Hussein 0bama?
Cancel termination or parental rights?
What's bigger - the NY traffic jam or Benghazi?
Why do conservatives like comrade putin?
Why is the government still spending resources on the IRS Investigation?
In 50 years which of these will Comrade Obama best be remembered for?
Can you go to jail if you are the reason for someone suicide?
Why should anyone go bankrupt over hospital fee?
If I marry same sex partner, who has GC, can I get also GC?
Is Imhofe the most recent right-winger to have a \change of heart\ when it affects him personally?
is there hard proof that Bush called the Constitution a GD piece of paper, or that 0bama is tearing it apart?
Why do libs \claim\ the Old Testament doesn't show God \cares\ about abortion?
Shouldn't obama wait until after the Mid-Terms to declare himself DICKtater? Or does he not think?
Got caught stealing, how serious?
Is it legal to drive my hearse from inside the casket in the back, using video remote control?
why would an elected official consider the US Constitution to be an impediment to PROGRESS?
Shouldn't Other-Than-Honorable discharged soldiers be able to reap SOME benefits of the GI Bill?
Why is 65+ the average age of a Fox News user?
What does the government shutdown and the bridge traffic lane shutdown have in common?
Did the president just tell us that he does not care about the checks and balances of government?
Do you think Michael Gove will ever be Prime Minister?
How long will it take to adjust to living in a Canadian city?
So if your a Republican why do still believe the rich will solve the financial problems?
should obese gov.chris christie come out of the closet?
Do you believe their will be a World War 3?
During the day YA is more liberal, at night it's more conservative?
Is it possible to change visit visa to others inThailand?
what is the purpose of the US Constitution?
Is it a bad idea to move to a suburb directly if you are a New Immigrant to Canada?
If I were to change my name by Deed Poll would that change my Maiden Name?
Senate Probe finds Benghazi was preventable?
77 AFQT on ASVAB and recruiter question?!?
Sofas not delivered and can't do anything!?
Is Fox News the only \source\ of news the Cons have?
Has Despot Obama made it clear 2014 will be the year of executive order?
Pro -lifers : You claim that life begins at conception . Nature shows that 80% of that \ life\?
I have to pick a topic for my final paper. Can someone give me ideas!?
Immigration Helps American Workers’ Wages and Job Opportunities so why do Republicans?
I APPROVED a \pro\ Supervisor, for my ex, but she doesn't appear ETHICAL or JUST????
Does a Premier have a Constituency ?
In the United States, which of the following is most likely to be left to market decisions?
is the one sided bromance between obese gov.chris christie and bruce springsteen over?
Legal Marijuana or Alcohol: What is more Dangerous?
Politics: Is it legal for a president to act alone without congress in legislative matters?
If Muslims are so bad, why don't we feel threatened by UAE, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, etc.?
Will Chris Christies ever come to realize that telling the truth is the best thing for everyone?
Can you go on Strike?
If you were the President of the United States, what one thing would you spend federal money on and why?
If you give someone a verbal warning before a game?
Has the standard of living for most Americans improved since we opened the floodgates for illegal immigrants?
Why don't people listen to science about global warming, climate change, nuclear radiation, and fracking?
How should I dress for Police Written Exam?
Is this likely to lead to global war...?
who has a better chance at 2016 gop nomination?
Will the internet suck and be costly with the elimination of Net Neutrality?
Why don't all political parties work together to stop racism and bigotry instead of race-baiting?
I own a business and pay my employees above market price and get great results from them. I dont need to raise?
Since Gitmo is a military base, how much will be saved if they close the prison?
In Canada should a dog be put down it bites someone?
Are people here getting paid to red herring the Christie scandal as if it had something to do with Obama?
A new cashier arrives for the night shift at a gas station and all of her coworkers are in the back room drink?
How come Obama and Hillary knew about the terrorists in Benghazi and did NOTHING to help the FOUR murdered?
Didn't the Stand your ground law actually ENCOURAGE the excop to shoot the guy throwing popcorn at him?
Politically speaking, is putin pro Iran?
Even Christie said what was a done by his aids was a betrayal of the public trust so why are Cons saying it?
Do you think policemen are doing enough random body cavity searches on American women?
I have no job, had to go to the hospital, now just got the bill....?
how do I get my ex boyfriend out of my house?
Why do Liberals have nerve to call people idiots when they are the ones furious over a traffic jam?
Politics: When a president \bypasses congress\ and rules by decrees, what does that make him?
How long before the liberal Gestapo?
Does big government beget big business?
Where were the outraged Liberals when Blago was planning to sell a Senate Seat?
Is AAM AADMI PARTY(AAP) of Arvind Kejriwal going to break backbones of all old parties in India?
what is the process of me going to the hawaii military base and getting a visitors pass? do they ask questions?
How does SSI payment affect your SSDI back payments?
Why western media gives so much coverage to india?
Does having a burglar alarm sign actually make you a TARGET for burglaries?
Would Florida's Stand Your Ground law apply to a drunk blind man if he were Black?
Do I need a visa to go to austrailia? I am from the U.K and if i do where do i apply?
Do Texans have the right to shoot anyone?
Obama has been sometimes not been truthful- How do we tell when he purposely lies or accidentally misspeaks?
Where do i need to file for unemployment?
Why we use term\brave new world\ for the modern world?
Is it morally correct to project some name for future prime minister TWO YEARS before general elections as one?
Should Chris Christie's running mate be Jeff Garlin?
Pinterest Wants To Follow You Everywhere You Go On The Net -- Is That Cool With U?
The Government knows where you live and the cars you own so why are Cons paranoid about registering their guns?
Please help me with one business law question.?
Someone used my images to be a catfish?
Despite all the talk has anyone realized Chris Christie has not apologized?
Does the Christie scandal seem a lot like the Watergate scandal?
my father is us citizen I am over the age of 21 and my dad is filing for me how long will it take?
Can I call the cops on someone that is smoking around me if I'm pregnant?
Why are Libertarians too stingy to want us to go to war?
Americans, r we in love with Hellary Clinton cause she had work as board of director for Walfart + can dodge?
Why do Gun Nuts interpret adding gun laws as a 'Ban' but voters laws are not voter suppression?
Executive Order. How does one defend against it.?
Cons, what could have prevented the ex cop NRA member from shooting and murdering the guy?
Will a major war involving China vs Japan + Korea ...... force these countries to open their doors to the NWO?
During basic training do you have to pay for anything?
What are the limits to confidentiality between a patient and psychologist?
Now wait a minute, why does Barack want to avoid Congress for his \own\ agaenda?
OPT during F1 visa and Transfer to H1b?
Another Army question for cold weather 'Arctic' infantry:?
Does the bill or rights matter to our government today?
So even Republicans supporting amnesty now?
Are Obama's leadership skills say that of a 16 year old in charge of the food court at Taco Bell?
Conservatives: Do corporate executives who engage in unethical behaviour deserve their excessive wealth?
Remember when Obama said the recession ended in 2009, and he personally took charge of the economy?
LANDLORD TAKING ME TO COURT - WHAT DO I HAVE TO PROVE?
Politics peeps...do you feel now is a good time to get into the Market? World Bank projects 3% growth rate?
I'm in the Army and just got married how will this move work?
with no contract, is it legal to be told your doing a week in hand?
Would it be alright with Republicans if people sell guns out of their trunks and no background checks?
Please help, is this sexual harassment?
Are you disturbed by the vast wealth disparity in the USA?
What police do against scamers?
Can a police officer give someone information about you without your consent?
competetive run times?
DO men really care if these two play and get \married\?
Need some advice got arrested?
Could I get into any legal trouble for this?
Libs did you support Clinton for compromising with Newt when he was leader of the house?
Why do Republicans keep saying Obama created more debt Reagan?
Would a criminal agree with a Conservative or a Liberal when it comes to gun laws?
Do cons live in horrible places on here?
lib brothers/sisters, how does it feel to know that the US media were able to use t baby face Trayvon Martin?
Are business owners like the Waltons parasites? are many corporations parasites feeding off American citizens?
Is same sex marriage equal, or is it separate but equal?
I am a U.S citizen, my kids are U.S citizens, my wife is not! i have to obtain an ITIN for her. Can i get EIC?
How do you feel about the blind drunk shooter getting immunity because of Stand Your Ground?
ASAP! In most cases, the fate of a bill -- that is, whether the bill is passed into law or not -- is decided?
Would you rate Obama above Ronald Reagan?
When the majority of the nations unemployed run out of benefits will liberals praise Obama?
Is trickle-down economics through the control of the 1% ultrarich?
My ex threw away my belongings?
In the state of New York, USA, could someone still become a defense lawyer if...?
can I legally disconnect my neighbor from my water (well) if no one lives in the house?
Why do Conservatives deny the fact that the NRA profits from gun sales?
Why couldn't Republicans give a real reason as to why they vote Republican?
MSNBC's Bridgate scandal vs Fox News' Bengahzi?
Do you have to be a Licensed Firearms Dealer to sell guns on-line.?
How can I sue hackers?
I want to bring my African friend to the usa what papers will he need?
Are what my parents doing legal? Advice?
Political test? What political party do I fall under?
To those who vote Republican, why do you vote Republican?
Why does such a productive economy fail to fully fund each human life?
Why do the Republicans support the rich owning the majority of the wealth?
Why is the UK so segeragated racially? (in a de facto way)?
Would you go to jail for this in the state of New York, USA?
For gun advocates who dismiss expanded gun control laws but want to curb the gun violence in society?
Question about being served papers?!?
Is it time to give more to Americas poor & out of work citizens?
Should doctor pay ?is it a lawsuit?
Can you call CPS and ask them to close a case you previously reported to them?
Is it illegal to use someone else's library card?
Why does the mainstream media report daily when cons ratings are in the dumps, but when this happens they...?
The US Dollar has risen in value against international currency the last 6 years. Supermarket prices came....?
Is the US Government going to bail out Health Care insurers at the $1 Trillion level?
Why do Republicans want everyone to pull their own weight except the rich?
My father may have died due to hospital negligence/malpractice, how do I find the right attorney?
Right of way to land removed from another property?
Making a move out contract with roommate?
Guns for Cash No background checks NO ID. Is this a criminals dream come true?
Can anyone give me any advice on this?
The only way conservatives reach the 13% unemployment claim is counting ALL part time workers unemployed....?
If I'm homeless, is that a legal to knock doors to doors at neigborhood?
If I'm homeless, is that a legal to knock doors to doors at neigborhood?
The unemployment rate is now 6.7%. How can conservatives be so blissfully unaware of even the most basic facts?
If you go to USNA and then SEALs do you become a SEAL officer?
what is the best police school in wisconsin?
How long will it take the Muslims to take over the UK?
what would benefit me more the national guard or the army reserves.?
Why do Republicans wish Obama was never President, Is it their contention to remove him from history?
How does compromise increase the power of democracy?
So if your a Republican and support the rich you have no reason to be complaining about anyting?
What do I need to do to make a claim for compensation?
Regarding Educational qualification in passport.help neede?
Do Conservatives want to invade Iran?
Will Conservatives be on the wrong side of history with ACA, just like they were with Jim Crow, gay marriage..?
Can they send you to court?
Liberals what do you think of this Senators statement about Executive Privilege?
Shouldn't the benefits of the GI Bill expand to soldiers discharged for reasons Other-Than-Honorable (OTH)?
can i sue my landlord?
question for anyone in the military? 10points?
What percentage of your freedoms are you willing to give up?
question for anyone in the military? 10points?
Why is it a Democrat president can get everything we want using negotitations, without going to war like a dim?
Why do Republicans act like the top 1% pay so much?
Car's Airbags Didn't Work?
why the motto of tea party is we are the other 99 percent?
If President Obama supports women then why does hang out with Jay-Z who disrespects women in his music?
Is there a difference between Conservatives, Republicans, and the Tea Party?
What's the best study guide book to prepare for the asvab? & is General science part of your % score?
Are you glad the Republicans have blocked long-term unemployment benefits?
Gay marriage and legal marijuana are now two more issues conservatives have lost in the courts and ballot...?
How come comments or jokes against Americans in UK is not classed as racism, whereas those against Indians are?
why do prisoners get almost 50k and guards an average of 37k?
Jay Carney on Iran: \It does not matter what they say, it matters what they do.\?
Are gun owners paranoid?
Why do L!berals make sentencing and incarceration easy for criminals and then complain about them using guns?
is occupy wall street an anarhcist movement?
Reasonable request for work?
Did Obama utilize the NSA to spy on the Romney campaign?
What efforts have Conservatives taken to try and keep guns out of criminal's hands?
Why Americans don't want a NATIONAL HEALTH CARE paid by taxes (= LESS to pay than private)?
Why do straight liberals keep saying that IT IS NOT A CHOICE when GAAYS say that it IS?
Why don't we have a version of the Peace Corps, but for domestic use?
Libs, do you still think Iran didn't take obama to the negotiating woodshed after reading this?
Is the belief in the applicability of the constitution based on wishful thinking?
The US gives more to charity than any other country in the world. Why do L!berals give so much less to ....?
Do you wish the constitution was legally binding?
Can I get my money back?
Why hasn't the government declared war on bullying?
So libs what happened to your push to repel Stand Your Ground Laws?
Obama says he isn't going to wait for congress to write legislation he is going to do it himself?
Do you think that Americans will get tired of the courts and storm them like they did in Chile years ago?
Councils to halve the size of wheelie bins?
Why are you such an authoritarian?
Do cops help more victims than they create?
US Spousal Visa Question?
Which do cops do more: Catch violent criminals who have hurt people, or hurt peaceful people?
Ok I have to ask.. Do you people who are for 'Free' healthcare relize what it would do the the Economy?
Do you recognize the American rule of law when you see it?
What is it like as an officer in the Army Reserve?
If you come in contact with it by standing bay in your eyes what can happen?
Doesn't same sex marriage deprive children of a mother and a father?
what r the legal requirements for becoming an amateur mma fighter?
Asvab question. If I take the test with?
Are some white liberals \sorry\ for what their white ancestors have did in the past?
What do you think we should do to prevent further school shootings?
When you successfully protest a deletion in YA?
Hey left wingers how do you like this song I just wrote for you?
Why does Obama think he can trust Iran in a nuclear deal when their leaders are saying things like this?
Do you think Ron Paul was cheated out of Presidency?
Which forms do we file to get my spouse a conditional card for U.S. Citizenship so we can travel to Italy?
Do i bring things to basic training?
national debt and deficit not in line??
Why are some Leftists offended by the Gadsden/DTOM Flag?
Are Right Wingers going to blame Obama when the IRS gets them for breaking the law or not paying taxes?
Is this Republican \logic\ at work concerning illegals?
is America becoming more like Russia as Russia becomes more like America?
Social security benefit vs child support?
Why do you suppose Sarah Palin's father has been harassed by the IRS 6 times since Obama took office?
What right do Republicans have telling a woman what to do with her body when they spill their seed all over?
Why do Americans like to add gratuitous comments in political discussioins?
Was Clinton really guilty or was he sexually seduced and set up as part of a plot to get him impeached?
Is it true that Detroit has been under the financial control of the Republican state government for 5 years?
Of these four, which is the Democrat favorite?
Do you think we shoud do gun checks without ID. You can vote without ID.?
Isn't Obama attempt at extending Unemployment his own admission that he has?
theft from work sentence HELP?
With all this Gay Marriage going on, what is the difference for those who practice Polygamy?
can i apply for child support in arkansaseven tho i have a judgement in oklahoma?
Parking Ticket Question! Please help!?
Is it really the Republican Party Setting up Rino Chris Christie?
If you were one of the cops at Justin Bieber's house, would you have arrested him?
What would have been a better use for the Iraq war money?
Is it legal to not wear a seatbelt in a police vehicle?
Should Virginia send Beohner some of their water to see if he still thinks theres enough regulations in place?
Illegals killing kids in NM..how much longer until we secure the borders?
Do you think Barack Obama should have the NSA put video cameras in people's bedroom?
Affordable Care Act?? What do you think?
how can one activist judge over turn the will of the good people of Oklahoma?
About me joining the Marines?
How many hours per day does Sarah Palin watch Duck Dynasty from her house?
When the GOP took office in 2010, did the recovery speed up, stay the same, or slow down?
Does the Obama aircards program increase the chances of foreign retaliation against the USA?
Quick poll...Do you think that your kids will have a better life than you, about the same, or worse of?
What kind of work doSWAT officers do on a daily basis?
Since Republicans claim the currently weak economy is proof that Obama's agenda does not work,?
Looking at Obama social policies, Is Obama an atheist?
does the reality show Hardcore Pawn reflect the true nature of black culture?
Why aren't we killing humans?
Some people say that Laura Bush killed more than one man while driving drunk, do you have any supporting?
I Have A High school Diploma,And i Want To Immigrate To Usa To Work and Maybe Go To College Later?
Does Hillary kinda look like Chris Christie with a wig and a pantsuit and cankles?
will black people ever stop whining about the slavery days?
Maybe those that came before us, knew what they were doing?
Do Arizona Rethugnicans hate Children as much as Mexicans now?
Was Bill Clinton undoubtedly the coolest president ever?
Why aren’t Republicans interested in the truth about Fast & Furious?
Who is the bigger womaniser, Bill or Hillary?
How was the NATO involved ( or not involved) in Rwanda during the genocide?
Plz suggest a good lawyer in Hyderabad preferably associated with some bank for verifying property documents?
How did laissez faire affect the working class of England?
Why does this brown Canuck whine about minimum wage when she makes over 10 dollars per hour?
Does Chris Christie believe in the Lard?
United Nations Human Rights In North Korea?
Who's the bigger womanizer: Bill Clinton or John f Kennedy?
Has Obama now decided he is a dictator?
Is the 76th Infantry Division (ONAWAY) still active?
Maybe Obama Care Supportors can help me out. How can the insurance companies stay solvent?
Are the schools less dangerous since some of them now allow teachers to carry firearms and are no longer gun?
Does anyone know how many drive by shootings by Gang Bangers have been prevented because?
Will liberals soon call for a ban on all shopping carts, a 77 year old man attacked a person with 22 items in?
Are schools more dangerous today than ever?
Why do homophobic men have the highest levels of involuntary homosexual impulse?
Illegal jobs in California?
Why do women simultaneously demand equality AND special accomodations because they have a uterus?
why don't we use the billions we spend on wars to provide free healthcare to all American citizens?
Why is the Chin ese Army doing attacks per Snow Den report and why do we Trade with these people?
What responsibility do the bath houses of San Francisco have in regards to spreading AIDS in America?
Passport verification report is not clear.?
Serving our country and to join the military?
Court Today. HELP!!!???
is it illegal for a woman to pretend she's pregnant/has a baby just to get money from a man?
can peopel just enter your apt not police because thry think your ill for not answering door?
What can we learn from Singapore?
Is the Obama Fed bubble at or near its peak?
A medical worker enters your home and violently verbally abuses you until you are traumatized. What law applie?
US Family Sponsorship?
my iquma is expired .sponser not renew iquma ,how possible final exit?pls help me?
Is Germany only allowed to have a certain amount of soldiers? Going to war with them?
if i am being charched with attempted assault over facebook please help!!!!!!!?
DFAS severance mistake/IU issue?
NSA can access your computer even when it's not connected to the internet. OH, WAIT, no not YOUR computer?
ARMY Who can approve a COA?
Why has America dropped out of the World's top 10 for Economic Freedom under the obama regime?
I'm 30 year old man looking for a carear change. is joining the canadian army a good option.?
If you are charged for someone else's crime, can the person whose fault it is take the charges?
Can you kill someone for trying to steal your car?
2nd class felony?? robbery?
I'm 30 year old man looking for a carear change. is joining the canadian army a good option.?
do I still have time to take legal action? for a car accident?
do I still have time to take legal action? for a car accident?
With internet neutrality shut down by a Federal Judge which sites will AT^T choose to block?
Will Reagonomics make a comeback in 2016?
Getting out of the Military what can i do after i get out?
What would happen if a (somewhat mentally unstable) 15 year old stabbed someone?
Does he have the right to be at scans, be at the birth, name on birth cetificate?
Will you get sued if you make accessories from famous logos like Twitter, Facebook, etc. and sell on Etsy.com?
Has the United States ever had a president whose marriage was better and more sound than Barack Obama's ?
Is SSI and welfare the same thing?
The seniority system traditionally benefited which of the following groups?
Since the NRA isn't part of the solution doesn't that automatically make them part of the problem?
Politics: Why do libs HATE successful business-owners, but like rich Hollywood elites?
What makes employers think that they deserve infinitely more than the people who produce their opulence?
Am I able to press charges on the State of Florida or the city of Miami?
Will liberals call Obama on his plan to act like a dictator or will they cheer and support him?
How do i change my address in EPF account ?
Despite all of the medias favorable stories, why can't Obama's job approval come anywhere near 50%?
Is Fukushima nuclear disaster a hoax or real?
Can someone tell me why a judge said?
Saudi Arabia missile purchase...?
Why does NYC mayor Diblassio eat pizza with a fork.?
Is there any good news on Chris Christie's horizon?
Will demon spawn Sasha and Malia Obama rule the world someday?
a trust fund was set up years ago for my husbands grand son for him to recieve?
There is a book set to come out soon about Roger Ailes; will it also bash FOX as I have heard?
Why IRA hate England ?
If You Are Under 16 In The Uk And You Punched Someone After Being Provoked What Will Happen And How Much Will?
Police officers - how often do you have the opportunity to get your hands on real criminals?
Who instigated the Wesley Chapel shooting, Reeves or Oulson?
Ever seen the picture skip every second?
Can someone who is not a citizen of the US but a permanent resident....?
Should I of called the police?
What are the rules of green card?
Would you support a new jobs bill if it were introduced?
How much can I claim for being bottled?
If a person from South Africa gets a job offer in UK, what kind of sponsorship does he need?
us citizen i need to do paper work for my egyption to move to usa?
what is the requirements for the tourist visa?
Should I take a career in the army?
what is the requirements for the tourist visa?
UK. What reforms would you like to make to the parliamentry electoral system?
Am from Nigeria and i heard that singapore need teacher for now and i dont have money for visa and flight.can?
How do I find what the uniforms of the Bohemia Royal Guard are?
if obama was against abortion and mitt romney supported FREE abortions would republicans still voted Romney?
how to get working visa for u.s.a?
Longest active army contract?
Is the unwavering support of Obama amongst the African American community healthy for the nation?
Tattoos in the Marines?
Customer lied to get me fired?
i have overstayed my last tourist visa in germany can i apply for a student visa in poland?
any tips for good colleges in USA?
Do you know at least 300 American soldiers were died in Unit731 camp also?
Can someone please summarise the job role of an infantry soldier?
Why is there a sharp rise in Anti-immigration feelings in the UK?
Does an older brother have more right in an inheritance ?
So you say there's no UFO proof?
Do you think that working for the CIA is right for me?
suspended from work and very sick?
Canadian working visa from Australia?
what job can you get in the army if u score between a mid and high 30 on the Asvab?
Why do Republicans want to pass a Farm Bill that requires wife to be strong on plow?
Do you think our small country (UK) can handle mass Eastern Europe immigration?
Isn't it awesome that Pres. Obama is hooking up a Black Panther defender Debo Adegbile to top DOJ Post?
When do you think the US will do a full disclosure on UFO's and secrecy?
What are the legal consequences of breaching the Data Protection Act?
Do Americans join the army because they have the urge to kill?
What do you have to get on the Asvab test to get into the army basically what's passing?
Could you imagine Fidel Castro and John McCain doing it?
How can white persons be made to feel respected and valued in modern culture?
how to bring my fiance to usa ???
Inner cities are bastions of Liberalism, so why do they struggle on every measure of social health?
What is Blasphemy anyway ?
How to visa status of kingdom of saudi arabiya?
Why trickle down when we can have a monsoon?
About wanting to join the Marines?
why do most American's don't like tea and addicted to coffee?
What gives welfare bums the right to complain about anything?
Would this be consider harassment ?
Would this be consider harassment ?
Why do Liberals create CENSORSHIP groups like the Parents Music Resource Center?
Why do Liberals take a dim view of personal responsibility?
Agreed that India and Pak are enemies, but shouldn't they support each other if a bigger war breaks?
NEW Labour ... DONT EVER TRUST THEM ?
Is the Vice- President of the USA the Speaker of the Senate?
How strong is a masters degree for military OCS?
Court date and fine PENDING help!?
Why are Obamas Ideas failing to grow America?
When will John McCain stop banging his war drum?
How to get out of a false speeding ticket?
Why do india hate China?
in 2008 my roommate was involved in manufacturing meth. I lived there so they charged me the same.?
pictures for my soldier?
where can I find unemployment count in NEW YORK?
Can Congress pass a CLEAN BILL?
will i lose unemployment?
Will I fail my meps drug test?
When we have a do nothing Congress the President must take initiative to do the will of the people?
who will win Swedish elections in 2014?
Can I still be a state trooper if my boyfriend has been to jail?
Why are some referring to Tamera Mowry as mixed, but refer to Obama as black?
What ethnicity do I look most?
Do Republicans worship oil and gas?
the dob in my dob certificate is 5 8 1994...but the dob appeared on my cbse certificate was 8 5 1994...?
Richard Nixon sent 7th fleet to attack India in 1971, do americans know about it? I was shocked read about it?
is restaurant employer must provide a meal to employees?
Why does Freedom Inc really stink?
Why would you refer to the ACA as \Obamacare\?
Why Egyptian Army Chief Sisi became a darling for Israelis ... ?
What does this political cartoon by conservative Mike Lukovich mean?
whats my race??, in what jail gang do i belong ?
US journalist kicked out of Russia - Cold War returning...?
Is it illegal to use someone else's library card?
Spain visa requirements for spouse of UK citizen.?
Who do you think will be the next president?
Maryland weapons charge? Will it hold up In court? Everyone answer !!?
Do you consider Hillary Clinton to be a pragmatic or principled politician?
Is it possible for Russian Military to recover its capability back to soviet level ?
medical marijuana legal in ny?
How can i correct the misspelled name of my daughter in her passport?, what step by step process do I need to?
Isn't this a pathetic way to govern?
Has the appointment of a Chairman to run HS2?
Does anyone know how I can set up an interview with a war veteran?
What is the difference between Diplomacy as a process and Diplomacy as an instrument?
In which way did the Second Red Scare resemble the First Red Scare?
my ex is harassing me, damaged my things, and having others harass me. i want to get him in legal trouble?
What if I don't pay my red light camera ticket?
USAF chances of getting into security forces,?
What do non-spies do for the CIA?
Found bag of hair?! Creepy!?
Using other peoples images/Tumblr/Copyright?
if i wanted to join the army or be a cop could they see my juvie?
Can H1B Visa workers do online crowdfunding(Kickstarter, Indiegogo projects) in US for their personal projects?
Shoplifting, did not question us, just got license plate.California?
Security guards are professionals who safeguard and protect people or assets against any kind of attacks.?
What kind of visa can I apply for my partner who is neither OZ or NZ Citizen but I am?
How to start a new life in a distant land?
Can anyone tell me what this note from a Government agency is about?
why would my child support payment say direct deposit if i never opted for it?
Read below and tell how banks pay big dividends?
Do you think the terrorists expected the U.S. to retaliate for 9/11?
should i report my neighbor getting shot??
Why did 20% of young African America males vote for Romney, was it job related?
Did hurricane Sandy prove what we have always known in economics that shortages lead to more want?
Politics: Why do people join the Obama military?
Social security benefit for child?
What would happen if all the Government Agencies started violating the Constitution?
How could the FBI conclude an investigation of the IRS without interviewing Tea Party victims?
illuminati a conspiracy theory?
College or Air Force?
Should woman be banned from the military because they can stay in a ditch for 30 days?
Will there be a recession in 2014 like some predicting?
Is Obama breaking laws by going around congress?
what are the similarities and difference of civics and ethics?
Did our Second Amendment really save us from an invasion from Japan?
If I join the Army and am severaly injured do they pay my living expenses?
Where were Obama and Hillary when the attack in Benghazi was taking place?
Why the hell are pictures of nude children allowed on the internet?
Do I get a higher pension if I am in the army?
Is it possible to work at AF Reserves Overseas ( at Ramstein ) ?
Where can I purchase JROTC uniforms?
How and why did the police get a search warrant to raid Justin Bieber's house? LAWYER PLEASE?
Is this a legitimate enough reason for a school to issue a detention?
If i have to ride a bus do I take off my cover?
The Modern State Idea?
Don't you wish there was a political party the mainly consist of old angry white guys?
Is it legally possible to convict a real Death Note user of murder if he pleads Not Guilty?
If you were to serve four years in any branch of the military, which branch would you serve in?
who is first pm of india?
George W Bush Great President or Greatest President?
Can i enlist in the ARMY?
Now that weed is legal in Colorado, why are cons crying because we use our SNAP cards to buy it?
What was your opinon of the movie Osage County?
Percentage wise, who are the people taking advantage of the Welfare System in the USA?
Leash and collar in public?
Why is it that most prominent economists have been libertarian?
How does a Bill become a Law?
If poor people can't afford health care, how do they afford to OD on prescription drugs?
What is easier to conceal a Glock 26 or a Keltec P11?
Feeling threatened by a neighbor in an apartment complex?
For those people that don't like Obama what would you want Obama to do to in order for you to like him?
18 year old child seeking Law assistance?
Can a MEPS doctor check if you have asthma?
If a court can be convinced that a murder trial was done in the absence of a genuine defense attorney...?
What did the Koch brothers ever do to you?
Politics: Who are the most evil people from history?
A few questions about the army?
what can be done about the pay gap between good looking and ugly people?
Should the next Republican President run the White House like Obama does?
Why do I think people who complain about \multiculturalism\ are either racists or crazy?
Why can't us liberal succeed from the union and start are own country?
Getting rid of SR22 early?
If there ever was any doubt, has Barack Obama proved that ANYBODY?
Are the Navy ROTC Tiers the only majors they accept?
California Code of Civil Procedure, Section 325.?
Statutory Rape in New York State?
Has anyone dealt with a femoral neck stress fracture in the Army?
Job Interview Question?
Can you only get a general discharge from the military if you are separated prior to your EAOS?
Why didn't Canada develop a \gun culture\ like America did?
I need some help involving the U.S. Army Rangers. Such as ASVAB score for infantry officer, and eye disability?
Why do they call John Boehner \Orange Man\ ?
Is it hard to get an H1-B visa?
Is the US the only country that spies on everybody?
When the Republican Party purges RINOs out of the party, Where do they go?
When on earth will North Korea attack the South?
Neighbors kids are major morons next door revving motorcycle as loud as it can go at 9pm?
Police Officers: Why should people respect you guys?
Will America have a Conservative Revolution in the 2014 and 2016 elections?
Is it legal to fly a national flag of any country in the world on private property in New Zealand apart from?
My friend signed me up for MOSSAD years ago?
Visa for Exotic Dancer?
why Indian government is care about Devyani Khobragade Case?
concealed carry when crime is commited?
Should my husband quit drinking because he assaults someone when drinking?
Need to fire a court appointed attorney?
Why do liberals claim Marcus Bachmann cannot turn gay men straight at his gay rehabilitation clinic?
What would happen if an American were to part-take in a revolution of another country?
Is the only thing epic about the Obama administration the magnitude of the fraud?
which is victim and which is guilty !?
If Obama was assassinated would it even be a national tragedy?
How can Nigeria clamp down on gays but not online scammers?
Why is the republican party is trying to make Chritie feel good like he can be the president of USA?
Since Cons think Global Warming is \All Natural\, might they even go Organic?
Should people who are afraid of popcorn be allowed to carry guns into movie theaters?
Has a Republican President ever had relatives in the U.S. illegally?
Question about Obama and facts.....................?
how long after my biometrics appointment do I have to wait for my workers permit?
To those who think food stamps enslave people...how do they do that?
can we get richard nixon for president in 2016?
WV chemical spill...Do you think it's odd...?
Who can sponsor my husband if I am not able?
what is the list of country provided job seeker visa .?
Politically speaking how sad is making $15 an hour?
Is it possible Chris Christie is just a puppet to his staff and under a spell?
Conservatives: did Bridget Kelly really deserve to get fired?
Is a one party system really a no party system?
How to look up people?
Why is Obama wasting money on a better telescope than hubble, when we could be building military weapons?
knife laws in Texas. either legal or illegal?
My father is PR in Italy.I wants to visit Italy,on tourist visa.What are the requirement of visa ?
Is it true that everyone who drives a Toyota voted against Obama?
If you get 16 problems right on the asvab math section out of 32, won't that be a 50% by it self?
I have a 35 year old son I want out of my house. How do I have him legally evicted in Indiana?
Why was there no fuss about Net Neutrality?
So are Iibs eagerly looking forward to a Dem senate landslide in 2014?
Idaho candidate for governor Rex Rammell was quoted as saying he would buy hunting tags for President Obama.?
mo. law concerning squatters?
can you be evicted over one domestic dispute?
How to immigrate to Canada permanently?
Can a 16 year old legally have sex with a 21 year old?
Who is paying for Peter Florrick's political strategists in \The Good Wife?\?
doctor patient confidentiality?
computer is blocked and monitored by police?
how do i become a nurse in the navy or army?
Should all voters regardless of party affiliation be allowed to vote in a primary colors election?
Do this make any sense I am not going to vote for the white supremacy party, the republican party in 2016?
rex rammell says he wants to buy an \obama tag\ for hunting. is rammell with the tea party?
Who looks better in a bikini? Sarah Palin or Chris Christie? The choice is clear for the GOP in 2016.?
Should we believe the NSA when they say they are not spying on Congress... unless they are?
Can I break a lease due to a deployment causing a family home to be unsupervised?
Would I still be a dual citizen?
what can happen to someone who stole $165 from work and gets arrested, but its their first offence?
I believe the republicans going to win the no vote republican Presidential award in 2016 what do you think?
where does the tea party get that 5.7 million figure from?
how long does it take to sponsor my parents to canada?
whats dds do for disability?
What are the pros and cons of each government type and political party?
Besides taxes, what are some reasons people renounce their U.S. citizenship?
the president does not need state approval to send troops into that state?
Is the reason people are so patriotic towards the USA because we have brainwashed them through bias textbooks?
Poll: What is an obama ?
How long would it take Putin to pin Obama in a wrestling match?
why would a land lord not care about his rent money?
Is the liberal mainstream media twisting the words of Gov. Christie by repeating them verbatim?
Want to be a cop but no college degree?
What's your opinion of hardcore republicans who are under 25 years old?
When will the UN start recommending population control?
states can tax the federal government for military bases in their state?
What is the one true way to get rid of political corruption in Chicago?
the tea party keeps defending bush. why is that?
My husband is a US citizen while am a GC holder how can I file for my parent to live with me in the US?
the fourth quarter deficit is 41% lower than it was last year. why is that?
is it necessary to hold return ticket to enter Philippines when i have valid working visa ?
I'd like to travel to Canada, but need a b2 visa to get into Usa, can I travel?
the federal govt had a budget surplus in december. why is that?
Why do/don't you find it misleading that govt stats for those < 30 signed up for obamacare include?
Us citizen applying for brother and sister?
I was Arrested and Cautioned in London uk?
medicare and medicaid spending r not growing as fast as expected. why is that?
What's your opinion of libertarians?
Trademark legality of my app!?
3.8 million have signed up for ocare and medicaid as a result of healthcare.gov? is that true?
why can't the left understand that an AR-15 is NOT an assault weapon by any legal definition.?
L!berals, do criminals follow gun laws?
How much better is America now than it was in the 1950's?
Ready for Hillary...?
Is it legal to drive a mini gasoline powered four wheeler on a residental street with no lisence?
Can I still live in the U.S.A. on a visa if I renounce my U.S. citizenship?
Am I a Republican, Democrat, or Independent??
Do you usually drink a lot of water before bed during basic training? (marine corps)?
I need help with citizenship?
Should we speed up a new world order with one government, religion, and currency since it makes sense?
Which political party initiated concentration camps for US citizens!?
Why are libs afraid to tell a certain race of people to stop having kids you can't afford and?
How do you feel about the govt bailing out big business health insurance that covers obamacare?Why?
how do verbal stereyotypes limit our understanding?
Filipino experience in America?
Why did conservatives institute prohibition?
Do women really make less than men for the same job?
Did Chris Christie learn a lesson about what happens when you reach out to Democrats?
Marine Corps reserve Combat Engineer?
Obama looks like he needs a good sleep.?
Immigrate to Canada from Australia!!?
How come Zeke thinks that 24% is \good enough\ as only 24% are the ones who will finance Obamacare?
How do I remove a picture that someone posted of me on yelp along with a review while working on them?
Question about documents needed for citizenship.?
What do I need to go out of the country?
My boyfriend has a misdemeanor assault he went to court today and the girl and her mother came she said he in?
i am a U.S. citizen and want to marry a Filipino lady, in th U.S., what can i do to make this happen quickly?
Should voting laws change in every state so that?
What will US military troops look like in 2020?
How many of Americas problems would be solved if we had a mind our own business foreign policy and..?
Will AFROTC pay for college outside of USA?
What is a primary election? What are the two types, and what makes them different?
Should people be proud of being american?
Isn't it funny how people try to prove the WV chem spill is not the same as the NJ traffic jam, and?
US AirForce community college?
How does Air Force ROTC work?
My friend hit a bollard at McDonalds?
Why are people doing nothing about this?
Is there a refugee camp in dakar Senegal?
I got caught speeding in Ohio?
Should voting laws change in every state so that?
Is it true that liberals (overwhelmed with patriotism after Obamas election) joined the military in record #s?
Handguns and shotguns in mass shootings account for few deaths, but assault weapons like the AR-15 account?
Would you vote for Jesse Ventura if he ran for president in 2016?
Is Doomsday Clock true?
Why wont the WWE go back to the Attitude Era instead of childish garbage they play now?
How should i check my US Green Card Status?
For a school project, if you acknowledge you are NOT the creator, can you still use images from the internet?
If I get a speeding ticket in another city, do I have to appear in that city's court?
What law in California prohibits ordained ministers to share other people's confidential information?
Shouldn't we be happy we found out what kind of person Christie is, before he could become Prez?
Will going Airborne increase my chances of getting stationed at Fort Bragg?
People in favor of Gun Confiscation: are you willing to pay law abiding citizens for damages?
If Hitler never surrendered, would the British/US military have used an atomic bomb like they did in Japan?
Are the increasing fears of and lies about Libertarians evidence of their becoming a biger threat to statists?
List Hillary Clinton's accomplishments as Secretary of State for four years?
List Hillary Clinton's accomplishments as Secretary of State for four years?
Libertarians! Do you see your views as mainly a moral position or a theory of a functioning society?
If sentenced to 15 years?
How many USA states allow convicts to get married in jail? How many states allow cousins to get married?
How was Obama able to end the Iraq War and still add to the deficit?
What subjects make the percentage score for the asvab?
legal medical marijuana in new york?
Were Libertarians beaten by their parents?
What do you think about modern indentured slave/servant labor?
What can I do about a neighbor who is polluting by running an old car in his driveway (in California) ?
At what month of pregnancy for army women does short work days apply? from what time does the work day end?
How do the democrats keep the white house in 2016?
Does the American military get their weapons and bombs from Russia?
what are the things during World War 2 that cause PTSD? and Do you guys know any article that might be related?
I need some help with US immigration?
do liberals get a little thrill when they tell people they'll be fined if they don't enroll aca?
Is it true a Soviet flag was the first flag on the moon?
Is Libertarianism a symptom of father issues and a deep seated fear of a tyrannical authority figure treating?
Do you agree with the President's intention of pushing through his agenda via executive order?
What are the most right-winged counties in the world?
My 16 year old sister is in jail for pulling out a gun in a fight.?
NJROTC and my hair-Problems?
worst question you have read here?
If you think abortion is unethical because it destroys potential life, do you also agree to be harvested?
If I did work abroad in australia for a year could I get a visa to work abroad in the UK next?
Could i make it if i ran away and left the state/country? (I'm 15 years old)?
Is their a hand sign for \Obama\ that makes you instantly think of him?
Who will hire me with a learners permit?
Who will hire me with a learners permit?
Dumb quesiton about criminal charges?
I think it is impossible for a republican candidate to win any political office even for dog catcher now?
Should I go to court for my ticket?
What solutions are there for a customer that feels entitled to have an unboxed (furniture/large) item with..?
how can i sue a teacher?
Politics: Do the police have the \right\ to beat you to death?
Does President Obama usually unintentionally misspeak or intentionally lie when he is not truthful ?
Can I get into the guard with these?
Why would Reid want to scuttle UI benefit extensions as McConnell claims?
Do liberals have no sense of decency making fun of Chris Christie's weight like this?
what if once the citezen moves to mexico and 5 or 6 years later that person comes back.. will she loose her pa?
Oh No !-Obama misspoke Again !- How do we know when he's truthful & when he's misspeaking ?
Why is it even though every witness who was asked about the stand down order testified there was no stand down?
what should i start doing now to become a navy seal or ranger preferably a seal though (im 15)?
How long will it be before the new mexico shooters past is to be blamed? Or his parents?
Is it easy to switch branches as a Flight Warrant Officer? Army to Navy?
ASAP! In most cases, the fate of a bill -- that is, whether the bill is passed into law or not -- is decided?
What should I expect in my first drill weekend?
Do you drink your whiskey on glacier Ice?
how can i go Active duty from reserve?
When are you young 'uns going to do your duty and sign up for Obamacare?
How can chris Christie have the mental strength to be so successful in politics but yet?
If we were to close all the schools and prisons, how soon would the deficit be gone?
can anyone refer a great lawyer for a foreclosure case using the rico act as the defense?
How does the judicial branch keep the president and Congress in check? explain?
How does the legislative branch keep the president and the courts in check? explain?
nc ticket question. please help?
Do I have to tell my ex I'm getting a restraining order?
How does the executive branch keep the courts and Congress in check? explain?
How long before a liberal judge rules that the constitution is unconstitutional?
What are the major principles of the Constitution? explain each?
How do the amendments keep the Constitution a living document?
Can a minor get blood tested by the police without parent's permission?
Rotc Advanced course?
URGENT: charged on flight tickets i didnt receive ?!?
Why is there a double standard for abortion?
why do democrats insist on using tax-payer $ to fund U.S food stamps ads in Mexico?
I am having a landlord dispute.?
Is it legal to buy/own a deactivated AK-47 in Canada?
Can I join the U.S. Military if I have hypotension?
Are the FBI trained for combat?
How do the Marines conduct weigh-in's?
Air Force Waiver, how long do I have to wait?
Who was the first head of state in NIGERIA to be killed?
I got a inattentive driving ticket a mn d have court date?
Don't you love how our plans are going along so smoothly?
Why is obama and Reid blocking a bi partisan bill to threaten further sanctions against Iran?
Shootings happen everyday and people don't complain about gun violence?
Is Texas the best state in all of America?
if Utah wants to ban gay marriage, why can't they, if they have a majority vote?
Are Joe Biden and other Liberals celebrating the NM shooting?
You get the feeling that the RINO's have become mothing more than cheerleaders for the Democrat party?
What would be the legal consequences if someone died from a scare prank committed by you?
Is it illegal to carry a gun on a movie theater in Florida?
How will you celebrate when Romney is elected President in 2016?
Why does Britain continue to give money to Argentina?
Was putting the the cusing kid on youtube in foster care an abuse of DCF?
Why is marijuana illegal in the USA?
Do you like or dislike Obama?
Is this really trespassing?
Do you think our next President will be a Muslim too?
Filing for divorce, minor child, he wants to join air force?
Why is there a sudden push in the last 10 years to legalize marijuana?
three reasons why drunk drivers shouldn't be taken to jail?
Let's say Japan made some ICBM with nuclear warheads on them and pointed them at China, what would happen?
To participate in something online, it says I must be physically present in the country?
How can I live in Israel and become a jew in that specific situation?
Asvab help? Can you.....?
How old do you have to be to get emancipated?
.Is \ I see criminals everywhere \ the kind of remark that comes from the owner of a healthy mind?
What influence does the federal government have over state and local issues such as education, affirmative?
Could I get into the FBI with a marketing degree?
where can a 13b reservist be stationed at? Is there a unit in MO?
Donating $1,000 to moveon.org or flushing $1,000 down the toilet. Which is better spent?
Politics: Is it a woman's right to have 7+ abortions?
What do you think of the Net Neutrality decision today?
I need help understanding navy punishments?
can an officer of the law take your drivers licence from you on the side of the road after he stops you?
Does MEPS notify you if you pass a SECRET Security Clearance?
can my ex attorney file for motion of default even though his attorney been notified im being represented?
Question for liberals about income inequality?
What do Corporate Lawyers do?
Discussing the antiquities of ancient Babylon with the KFC drive thru operator or discussin economics with a?
Why do liberal states come dead last when is comes to Fiscal Condition Ranking?
What does china new missle means for america?
Has 0bama failed America...Unemployment at 7.6%. national debt over $17,300,000,000,000?
Is it Constitutional for Emir B. Hussein Obama to proclaim: I don t need no stinkin Congress?
Is the Office of the Vice President apart of the eop?
Why are all these conservatives at a Ted Cruz rally laughing about shooting people from California?
How can I join the Alaska state troopers?
Do L!berals avoid the mental illness angle of gun violence because they don't want anyone to know?
Liberals let me guess the tea party is the cause of world hunger, killed Elvis, gave you the Herp and ruined?
Do GOP activists think people in the IRS should be fired for targeting Liberal Groups?
Can I sue my old boss over a reference?
When JEB becomes pres for life, how many gun-lovers will form pro-Bush death squads?
Why is there more outrage towards Quantitative Easing than other monetary policies?
Should military retirements be cut?
Who kills more, people or police? Please read description.?
What Country should i expatriate to?
Does this just have \little square mustache\ written all over it?
Bought fake magic cards on Craigslist?
Why do cons dislike John Mccain.?
Does NSA = Stalin's NKVD?
Where it comes to gun violence why isn't there more focus on mental illness and the drugs used to treat it?
obama care question help?
Is this illegal? 12yo and 18yo?
what percent of millitary reenlist after there first term? and what percent stay in until retirement?
Can I sue a company for not giving me my check?
do you support the president or does he support you?
Why should the executive be elected by the national legislature?
Pop quiz for gun lovers: Who poses a greater threat to your personal safety?
Who's next in line?
NYPD Police Academy ?
What is it like to have a brother in the Air Force?
what are some causes of corruption ?
Why do Cons sponsor an anti-American anti-Constitutional organization that sponsors terrorism like the NRA?
Is it true the economy is doing fine?
selective service, already served; am I registered?
how can I find how many social security credits that I have?
Asbestosis claim - Unethical family involvement.?
Would Fox News have higher ratings if it truly was bi-partisan?
Can UK Socialists & Lib Dems who hate England, explain why the Bayeux Tapestry has no brown-skinned folk on it?
Was the war in Iraq morally right to fight or was the US wrong to go in back in 2003?
Appeals court kills socialist Internet. How ignorant are liberals as they rage?
Can minors posses handguns?
Is Singapore a politically repressive state?
need help with police officer questioning?
What is a good alternative to the NRA?
Possession of marijuana help (revised)?
SECRET SECURITY CLEARANCE QUESTIONS?
If L!berals really care about the poor why have the poverty numbers remained flat since LBJ's ....?
Are we past the point of ever having successful gun control in the USA?
Do they teach Martial Arts to Army Rangers?
who gets more flying time in the army, warrant officers or second lieutenants?
who has more rights in the hospital room when i had my baby?
How to file an out of state small claims case?
Why do cons want America to have the same standard of living as Mississippi?
Why should the executive be elected by the national legislature?
When you have a concealed weapon permit?
What is a Light Infantry Force?
Can the government stop the Amish drug peddlers?
Why do people assume I'm black just cause I Minered in African-American women's studies?
how much did george bush add to the national debt vs how much obama?
Do you agree with Rand Paul about Unemplyment benefits?.?
Why are lazy people whining about minimum wages?
Would this speech win over my parents? marijuana related?
Out of the two old men leading the senate, can we both agree that Harry Reid is the better looking one?
Is this Ironic?Cons hate the poor. We raise the Minimum Wage so there is less poor.?
Help choosing a military MOS?
You could line up $100 bills end to end and circle the Earth 643 times and still not add up to the US debt?
The army in Israel? How is like?
Can the cops be called because of this?
Employer Wants FMLA Paperwork Filled Out by TWO Doctors. Why?
Obama Care! Obama Care!??
Do you think Kerry will just leave Israel alone once he gets his?
Army Reserve: How do I get paid for SSD level 1?
Why is fox news so villainized?
Do you get the feeling that half the people on Politics view the \other\ side as the devil?
When will Barack Obama be impeached for Benghazi, fast and Furious, Obamacare, Solyndra, Voter Fraud, etc?
Is 0bama using the Fed to pay back Goldman Sachs for their political contributions via the stock market?
Why is it that every time you disagree with a lib you're either a racist or have some sort of phobia?
Saluting when walking past a male and female officer?
Why are Americans discussing minimum wage increases even though min. wage should be abolished?
Do you think OBL was actually sent to the moon launch that didnt happen by the lizard people, since Bin Laden?
With New Benghazi Questions, will Obama claim he killed Benghazi Murderers & dumped them where he did OBL?
is there any way for me to be able to study in the us?
Why doesn't President Obama visit Kansas, we may have differences but he's still our President?
Statistics on which crimes cause juveniles to be tried as adults.?
How many minutes per day do you get on an \Obama phone\?
T/F: Obama has never told a lie, he either misspoke, or you didn't hear him correctly?
Is Canadian maple syrup as illegal as Cuban cigars?
if am legally staying in the USA!! can i apply for a green card resident??
Can I sue dr for misdiagnosis I'm 24?
What kind of nation would we have if Obama, Jimmy Carter, LBJ,and Harry Reid were our founding fathers?
do they let sociopaths in the RAF?
what class felony would you get for kidnapping a naval general.?
Locals attached the Benghazi militia compound that did the attack the next day, killing or driving out most...?
How do I join the navy while being a student?
why work when the government can give you free crap?
Obama wouldn't lie to us....he is going to bring Benghazi Murderers to Justice like he promised.....right?
Help with appealing judges decision?
Im watching Fox and MSNBC this week, and Fox says the word Liberal about every 20 seconds, with broad....?
Why does the deplorable jobs situation in this country never get mentioned by are \liberal\ frenz?
Is an involuntary hospitalization the same as a court ordered one?
Why did Britain & France start WWII by attacking Germany causing 50 million to be killed?
i have a restraining order against somone and have a funeral to attend can i?
I would like to leave America and move to Europe?
Isnt small government better than big government?
Does the American government hope China or South Korea absorbs North Korea?
What do you think of Obama enacting an affirmative action, race based discipline code for public schools?
I had a DR10 conviction 9 years ago and am in court again for careless driving, is the DR10 admissible? UK?
There is this lady who i see sometimes at the store, I dont know her or anything about her?
Who has more blood on their hands: Henry Kissinger or George W Bush?
did obama get reelected as president cause Romney was a mormon?
How close is President Obama to keeping his promise to bring the Benghazi Murderers to US Justice?
Obamacare - Will it be a a disaster for the economy AND quality healthcare?
Do today's Republicans believe in small local government?
I got arrested in iowa?
Information on sentencing?
Are gays accepted more in 2014 than say 1974 in America or is this just a myth?
is the filibuster a good thing or bad thing for our nation?
Why should I have to pay back my student loans?
Why will the Obama Admin demand an apoloigy from ally Israel for words but not terrorist Iran?
Fed ex refused my claim?
Were employers ever required by law to offer health insurance before Obamacare?
i had a review for ssi and a phone review she said i was approved but i called a week later and they said it w?
US Greencard - File I-485 or through spouse?
Guess who said this quote (NO CHEATING)?
why do some people over exaggerate about raising minimum wage ?
Does EVERYONE who goes to prison get zoxed ?
If liberals got everything they have been whining for tomorrow, how long would it be before?
My first two weeks of 2014 and sales are off the hook?
how long can a stun gun shock an attacker?
Obamacare - Do you think that Obama still believes that it will be successful?
If dems had complete control of congress for the entire obama presidency what would the tax rate be and how?
Did Obama just get caught in another lie. He has been turned out again. By Gen. Dempsey. Gen Hamm?
why shouldn't the minimum wage be raised to 10$/hour ? republicans?
Obamacare - Is the majority of sign-ups being steered to Medicaid?
The supremacy clause says that congress determines if a law is legal?
Will young punks think twice before texting at the movies when they see old people glaring at them?
If China tries to absorb North Korea as Chinese territory, would the U.S. and the west be against it?
Isn't it cute when Liberals blame the tea party for Obama's failed Presidency?
Supreme Court Watchers & the Right to Assembly/Free Speech?
Considering the amount of money the Fed has pumped into the stock market do the current numbers ....?
Houe of Lords to debate the ritual slaughter of animals?
In 1971 when Nixon got rid of the gold standard did the economy improve?
Can my college forbid co-ed living off campus?
how much time will he serve if convicted?
Republicans, does this change your mind about same sex marriage?
Obama said he's goin to fix the economy with a box of paper clips and a hole puncher. Are you comforted?
is my boyfriend going to get into trouble with the police??
Are you glad the SCOUS is looking into Obama's preference for executive orders?
Entering the US with Photocopy of I-20?
Is democracy \rule by people\ or \rule by demons\ ?
what are some limitations creditors face ?
Obama said he's goin to fix the economy with his pen. Are you comforted?
Could Someone help me out??Immigration Question?
If a woman has in-vitro fertilization, could the man whose sperm was used fight her for custody?
Immigration Question Please?
Got my license taken away in May, what do I do now?
Is Hillary running for president?
Do American's buy stocks because they think Corporations are thriving? Or because they?
Why do leftists seem to think that only republicans are against same-sex marriage?
If I recently was a victim of rape, and I decide to drop charges....?
What are three reasons the Great Republican Recession of 2008 occured?
Will I be denied a passport if I was in a mental hospital?
Did Obama really inherit the giant mess thes lib libs try to claim?
how did hitlers actions help impove soicety of germany?
scared to join the military?
How do you kiss a girl and make babies with her?
Is it just a coincidence that the WV chemical spill occurred in the home state of Robert Byrd (D for life)...?
When u steal something at walmart and security takes a picture of you?
Why did the U.S. Congress take 68 years to honor native American code talkers from WW2?
Isn't it pretty obvious by listening to cons on here that they hold no value for middle class workers?
Does it frusturate you that Liberals put social issues before the economy?
Can I be successful in business if I am horrible at math?
how can i become rich?
Can I confirm I was promoted in DEP?
Can you get scholarships in college if you maintain a high GPA?
Are US Air Force soldiers weaker?
Any ideas for human rights?? WOMEN RIGHTS??
If illegal immigration grows the economy and there are 150 million ADULTS wanting to?
my ex is not given money to the child we have, so I want to know who should I report to?
Don't you feel terrible for those poor McDonald's workers?
What do you call a voting system where only a select few individuals can vote, based on their merit?
Why did Republican MLK want \adequate wages\ for entry entitled level workers?
How do police find evidence from crimes that happened so long ago?
Is it true that 4 out of 5 of those registering for obamacare are getting subsidies?
the standing committee in the former soviet system?
Question about signing up for Obamacare?
when u steal something at walmart and security takes a picture of you?
can anyone tell me about being a royal navy engineer?
How were WW2 U-Boat minefields cleared?
Do you think the decisions you make have an impact on others!?
If my parents kick me out, could I sue them for mental abuse (so they'd have to support me..)?
What exactly are the entitled whiners doing to contribute?
How is the Syrian war being fought?
Why do people think they somehow deserve a slice of CEO or banker salaries/bonuses?
Legal advice please! Family law?
Why did Hillary Clinton lie about ducking SNIPER FIRE when her and Chelsea visited Bosnia?
When did colorado legalise weed?
Is this image accurate?
where do i call if a friend gets arrested?
I have several 100w light bulbs in my house, electric bill is not an issue, is that wrong?
do i need visa to transit at paris airport if i hold ic for tibetan?
Economic goals of the progressive era 1900?
Will politicians acknowledge that government agencies & programs might be a part of our economic problem?
U.S.A. Air Force aircraft?
What other disaster are in the future for Obamacare?
do you like my military boots (shinny)?
If JFK were alive today would he get demonized by liberals in the main stream media ?
If Russia went to war with America, would they appeal to conservatives?
Whats more difficult, taking a crack pipe away from a methhead, or taking a semi-automatic rifle away...?
Paid thousands but did not receive service on time - what's the best way to handle?
Why are some cons still beating the dead horse that was ACORN?
How can my parents get their immigration status resolved?
If every person in America went to the ER and didn't pay, how would PER CAPITA COSTS differ?
Famous supporters of the Labour Party UK?
Politics: Do you believe in State rights(9th and 10th amendments)?
Was America or Canada a country first?
what's with all the 'Was originally asked on Yahoo Answers Canada' people?
House Republicans doctored emails sent regarding the IRS scandal, will they revisit this when Issa holds...?
Should elected officials with a party affliliation be more loyal to their party or their constituents?
Which part of the Constitution do you think Liberals hate the most?
I went to england and they all spoke american why is this?
How might the existence of ethics create dilemmas?
Why would a lieutenant governor say no to a second term?
I was just told that if i do NOT register for Obamacare i will be fined, if not so, should i still sign up?
If I pay the balance I owe from an eviction will the eviction come off my record?
Politics: Liberals, What scares you more: Truth-ERS, Birth-ERS, Prepp-ERS, and now Tenth-ERS?
Who will be elected American President in 2016, 2020, and post-2020?
Since Fox News stories are 90% vague insinuations, innuendo, and baseless accusations...?
Are West Virginians now understanding the value of federal regulations to protect us?
Is the presidents plan to get everyone insured but no one covered?
Which do you feel failed more badly? Private insurance companies in healthcare, or banks in home loans...?
Should we challenge the foundation upon which capitalism is based?
I want to be a police officer?
What can I expect in Navy basic training?
Obamacare good or bad for America?
If Governor Christie was not a politician would he be a fitness trainer instead?
Can I be arrested for underage possession of alcohol on private property in ohio?
I don't see the point of MSNBC and Fox News?
Law enforcement dangers?
Can an enlisted soldier E-2 army date an E-4 that's in the navy?
Can someone sue another if their song/melody is stolen?
Was the US justified in sending troops to Korea?
Navy + college help and advise?
i am being falsely accused of terrorostic threatening. it is being brought to court. how can i win?
Do you approve of the Federal Gov spending 200 million on \Penis pumps\?
What republican presidential canidate is going to put LDS white supremacist James Jim jannard in prison?
Michael Moore comes out swinging - against Obamacare?
Is preparatory school required for the Air Force Academy?
Why do people think that if you're successful according to conventional standards, you're content...?
If you could rename the united states, what would you name it?
Who was the genius who came up with the word ethnic cleansing?
Is it wrong that I only appeal to emotion when making an argument, and rely upon it to construct a reality?
Will the army pay for my college debt after I graduate college?
How does giving millions of illegal aliens amnesty, help millions of Americans out if work?
Do the following federal law enforcement agencies issue tasers to their Special Agents?
Conservatives- Do you watch Conan?
2nd court appearance...what usually happens?
Do you agree with Lech Walesa that Obama has failed?
If you take out a bank loan and start your own business, did Obama create that?
Why I received Selective Service Registration Status Form?
saddam hussain is the hyhjju?
Is this a huge win for liberals?
How drastically does it drop America's murder rate if Chicago, Detroit, NY, and New Orleans are ....?
Atheist views on Founding Fathers Vs Hitler/Stalin?
Has anybody ever had this problem with the VA before?
Where can I get my free credit report?
before u play the race card, did u know russia has a much higher murder rate than the usa?
what does the word token mean and is barak and his gorgeous wife a couple of them?
I have 5 prior felony possessions over 10 years old and now got pulledover driving a friends rent a car...?
Cons: Is a bag of popcorn thrown at your face qualify for stand your grown.?
Help with Medicaid for a friends?
is barak our greatest president ever?
School-shootings/mass-shootings: Shouldn't we listen to the EXPERTS?
Is it really true that our veterans are being turned away?
WV governor admits he's at fault in chemical spill, site was rarely inspected. Impeach now?
Is it bad for a 14 year old to send me a naked picture?
what do you think of my report?HELP!?
Why is it that when Nazis gathered Jewish people into ghettos it was heroic, but when I do it, it's evil?
Obamacare - Appprox 67% have paid their premiums, now past due date. Portent of things to come?
Is the 0bama economy producing enough jobs for it to be called a recovery?
Is coming up with excuses fast a good thing?
With school shootings + race riots + Detroit ghetto + unemployment + national debt + gangs + illegals +?
Claiming benefits and a visa for Australia when your a UK citizen.?
Does anyone agree that the homosexuals are being taken advantage of by Hollywood celeberties and politicians?
music in films (Copyright question)?
Are self sponser Police Academies no good if trying to get into Houston PD or TX DPS?
Why won't Gov. Christie tell us what the Boardwalk @ AC looks like?
Has the USA ever had an independent president?
Are TX State Troopers only hiring experienced officers?
Since the majority of Americans do not trust Obama why would world leaders trust him?
What does the NRA and gun rights have to do with this school incident in NM?
How old do you have to be to get your license in the state of virginia without taking the road and range class?
What do the Royal Marines do?
Is the overall condition of the Middle East better or worse now than when 0bama took office?
24% of the ocare sign-ups r under 34. slightly good news?
Where is the ripple of democracy in the middle east?
If I do marine infantry, then go to law school, then go into the reserves as a JAG, can I do that?
Gun worshipers, how about that \law-abiding\ slime who shot the dude in Florida over texting?
Obamacare for youth - What genius(s) projected large sign-ups?
house dems say only 10,000 will actually lose their health insurance. does this make sense?
Who would you be proud of if they were our next president?
what's the number for IRS I want to talk to a real person?
Americans, democrats and republicans are we really free?
Why are so many people for gay rights? Do they not know that the communist party is behind the gay movement?
If Governor Christie runs a tight ship how did he not know what was going on for four days?
Will Americans who refuse to support Israel ever win national elections in the United States of America?
Will the taxpayers pay dearly for the failure of Obamacare?
Why does China not want Korean reunification?
Why was it OK for Reagan to make a deal for arms with Iran but not Obama to limit nuclear capability?
What is the fine for charging a credit card surcharge in Texas?
Unpaid Freelance Web Development?
do you think their wool ever be laws that wool?
What's the difference between a lay magistrate and district judge(magistrates court)?
Should I leave USAFA?
Who would the devil want as the most evil wife if he have to chose between Hellary Clinton & C Rice?
Mitt Romney was dancing Gangnam style at a rock concert for young Mormons in Arizona. Will this jump?
In the state of California is there anyway to bypass the curfew law?
Is this good insurance? Should I get it?
what is the whitehall stage for legislation?
Should the GOP place a greater emphasis on family values?
what britsch say today about the bombing of dresden?
What would happen if my wife fell pregnant after we Immigrate to the UK?
mouth, how many links would u like?
Moroccan Family Code. Does it effect my U.S. citizen Son?
In the state of California are you required to show your public school medical papers proofing you were sick?
Can 45 states stop 5 states from destroying the USA?
What are the current UK laws on owning this katana replica (info on it in description)?
So will republican warmongers in Congress try to derail the nuke talks with Iran? If so why?
What should I do about this?
3.8 million have signed up for health insurance and medicaid because of ocare. bad news?
I put up my car title as collateral to bail someone out of jail, but?
Why is the U.S. still at war in the Middle East?
What do conservatives have against different states having different laws?
Obamacare - Is the \Seven Ps Principle\ applicable here?
Libs, can you show me one Fox article or that claimed a \Romney Landslide\?
when do surviving spouses of disability compansation get a death pension?
I have a friend who was ordered to spend the weekend in jail in Alabama. She lives in tn and didn't go.?
I have a friend who was ordered to spend the weekend in jail in Alabama. She lives in tn and didn't go.?
Why is the cost of education so high in the USA + over price books + unnecessary courses + arrogant teachers?
Do you think AZ Gov Brewer lost a wink of sleep over the people that died after her budget cuts?
Why are conservatives so upset about government debt?
Why do the wonderful human beings as FAUX \news\ lie so much?
Should I report this animal?
What does it mean when you're losing points as fast as Barack Obama is losing credibility?
Got a speeding ticket today morning. want to know can i remove it from my driving record?
If the US raises the minimum wage, shouldn't our govt fight like H3LL to demand all?
Question about Social Security Disabiltiy?
After offering the US economy + US technologies to China as Christmas gifts Y is China still selling weapons?
How come the majority signing up for ObamaCare are the elderly, isn't the youth needed to make it work?
Why is it when another Republican is caught red handed Benghazi is all that comes out of their mouths?
benefit question, what's your view?
Why doesn't the US use the AK-47 when it's the World Standard assault rifle?
I am indian and my wife is italian i have no citizenship of italy how can i get uk wrok permat?
i got my temporary ocare card yesterday. $60 a month for that. do u believe me?
How do soldiers stay positive in wars?
False report on illegal uturn ticket. Can I go to court?
Why are there so many Royalists on YA?
Can't remember what happened and i'm a witness?
Can you get scholarships in college if you maintain a high GPA?
Is my asvab score good. 98 percentile. and GT 134 CO 139. Can i get a job of my choice? I?
Am i really going to go to jail!? HELP please!?
Why is Anonymous perpetuating socialism, then complaining about a different approach to socialism?
Where was Hillary the night of the Benghazi attack and where and what was Obama doing the same night?
How do I become an embassy security guard in the marines?
If there is nothing to this Benghazi thing, then why haven't these people been allowed to testify?
What exactly is the Illuminati?
Which do you think more Americans are concerned about? Government corruption? or the upcoming Superbowl?
Did Obama say Benghazi was not a terrorist attack? Or did he call it Acts of Terror in his rose garden speech?
When should I enlist?
Would you vote for Dr. Ben Carson if he ran for preident? Why or why not?
Why does the justice system work like this?
Does Obama still talk to the corpsemen in the military?
Is Barack Obama a law abiding man??
Benghazi - Would you agree that four men died because of incompetency..... \AT THE TOP\?
Possibility of getting expunged ?
why does the us generally not allow food/produce to enter the us through the port of miami or port everglades?
Liberals: Can you please tell us which it is? Was Bush stupid or an evil genius?
Why is this liberal hero?
Is an appliance store obligated to take back a part if it isn't the right one?
The local benghazi militia had days warning the Islam video protests were coming, and were armed to the teeth.?
Did this police officer let me go because I told him I was an EMT?
Has anyone else noticed that the areas suffering the worst flood damage are almost all solidly Tory?
compensation... how much should i ask for/expect?
Would Democrats vote the highly educated Dr. Ben Carson as President?
Is it right for the police to shoot an unarmed man, who was carrying a gun?
Can you be forced to be a marine security guard (MSG)?
Which American political party would I belong in?
Should streight men be allowed to marry streight men? now that we have allowed homosexual men marry each other?
Would a women have a harder time with the presidency because of the menstrual cycle?
If liberals are SOO So about equality, then why don't they buy a gun?
Why is CNN so obsessed with Gov. Christie?
Can a business provide free Coffee to customers in Arizona?
Libs, what do you think about the people of Mexico taking up arms and fighting the drug cartels?
I need to know Uk cctv camera law?
If I get 15 college credits do I get up an extra rank when I enlist in the Air Force?
Benghazi - was the recent NYT fairytale story just an attempt to cover for Hillary?
When you hear \progress,\ is that \near historic highs\ or \better than before\?
Why do Conservatives love sprawl?
In Massachusetts, at age 16, can you legally live on your own with your parents consent?
Benghazi - Do people bring RPGs along to a protest demonstration... over a movie?
Who Polices U.S waters?
Dismissed with prejudice Example?
In which way did the Second Red Scare resemble the First Red Scare?
if my ex & I have joint custody, with him being the domiciliary parent, choose to live with me?
Politics: Will liberals go on another national CRYBABY movement to ban guns after the theatre shootings?
Just found out new neighbors across the street have a pit bull. What can I do legally about it?
My mum has been working for a private care home fof several years yet does not have a written contract, she...?
Is it illegal for me to cut the power on my roommate?
Can you get arrested for throwing an egg ??
How will Fox spin the theater shooting yesterday?
Why did Fox News sue for the right to lie?
Do homophobes seem to obsess over gay sex instead of realizing that the issue is gay marriage?
Where do we draw the line on climate change, Mr. Speaker?
i have no contract of employment wht rights do i have?
can i change my sons name or does he have to do it when he's 18?
How can I get out of the UK permanently?
How to work in Britain (UK) safely as labor? Easy 10 points!!?
Did Fox News start their own station so they wouldnt be subject to pesky journalistic standards, or have....?
Politics: Liberals, Was the invasion of Iraq blamed on a youtube video?
Question about enlisting?
How can a con actually post a link to the new jobs graphic, and not understand the progress?
What's the career outlook for military police?
Liberal bastions - Will the NYT go in the same direction as Air America and Newsweek....South?
Why do Christians doubt the power of God when Jesus Christ taught about Adam and Noah?
Are Libertarians generally a big deal in US politics, or are they just a fringe group?
Where do kids and criminals get their guns?
Is this the marriage law in the USA?
Let me tell you something. If you took away the money, if you took away the fame, the spotlight,?
Al Qaeda was NOT responsible for the Benghazi attack, as Fox News claimed all year. It was well known a local?
I have an 8 year old felony, Is it legal for jobs to discriminate against me?
Is it not time to restrict the amount any one individual or organisation can contribute to a political party?
Is It Illegal To Sell Things I Ordered Online?
ca labor laws with holiday pay and o.t in a week?
USA vs Russia? Which would win?
The police took my passport and don't know what they've done with it.?
Political scene and the role of the Federal government during the latter half of the 19th century?
Do you think there are more conservative or liberal scrapbookers in the US?
If you killed someone because you're family would be killed if you didn't?
The day of the Benghazi attack people also died in Yemen in violent protests about the Islam video, and the..?
Wouldn't it be nice to have a president who has a clue about economic issues and?
what happens after violating diversion in ky?
are the exocet missiles still effective ?if not what has replaced them?
What's worse, Corruption or Liberalism?
Is Obama real? Does he really exist?
But.. How much could Gun Show Resellers make..Go ahead somebody brag?
Do you think Barack fully explained away the criticisms of former cabinet member Gates?
If the Fed can't continue to buy treasury issues and bond yields hit 6 or 7% by next year?
Is there any one who is going to vote for Rahul Gandhi?
Do Roma gypsies and other unskilled immigrants know they are welcome to live in Nick Clegg's mansion?
Was Benghazi an organized terrorist attack or from some video?
Is Mitt Romney white???
Gore and Clinton handed Bush a file Bin Laden planning to attack US buildings with aircraft, and the Decider..?
Are Donald Trump and Sarah Palin the official climate change experts at Fox News?
The 13% unemployed figure claimed by conservatives lists every part-time worker as unemployed...?
WIll Detroit leaders really be idiotic enough to sell a $2 billion art collection for $300M?
How long before MEPS receives drug test results ?
How much money can the Legal Gun Buyer make ...?
Is there another MOS that is just like MP ?
Why would future generations of Americans pay back our trillions in debt when they get no benefit from it?
I live in a house I own which has a BT pole in back of garden?
parking or speeding fine situation, help?
is there free legal help for questions about ohio child support laws?
Should I take the charge or try and get out of it?
10,00 Americans died under Bush, and the 2nd worst fiscal crash happened while he was in. Do you think....?
I'm a Connecticut driver and received a speeding ticket in Pennsylvania?
Falsely Charged for Disorderly Conduct?
I got caught stealing/shoplifting about 15-20$ of stuff at Walmart?
Do you agree with the government spending millions of dollars of \your\ money to?
which states do you see switching in the next presidential election?
If/when prostitution becomes legal in your neck of the woods?
Why do we want to allow more people into this country legally or illegally?
What proof do conservatives have that socialism doesn't work?
Is it now time to stop Obama?
Who would you say is the better president after the first term, Obama or Bush the younger?
What would a full blown liberal utopia look like?
Who would rather live in poverty on welfare than work and become wealthy? A Democrat? or a Republican ?
For those of you who would vote for Hillary Clinton if she runs for president in 2016, what are the reasons?
Has the government testing of a secret weapon been successful?
Why didn't socialism work for the People's Temple?
do libertarians want police,military, and courts to be privately owned? who will regulate monopolies?
How can i physically stop animal cruelty?
How come that over 13% of able bodied Americans are not working which is about 92 million are unemployed?
Are biological weapons better than chemical WMD in the Mideast?
What would the bankruptcy of a country in the EU mean for the EU's economy?
Does Hawaii have a law requiring public schools textbooks to be accurate, like Texas' law.?
How much savings are you allowed before loosing benefits?
How do liberals explain the \doubling\ of SSI/food stamp recipients under Obama?
Is it a crime to break into our house? Will I get arrested for this?
Who else is \stuck in the middle\?
When Reverend Wright introduced Obama to Jesus Christ,What do you think Obama said to him?
Poll :Which nation you belong to ?
How many people do you know what dropped out of the labor force? And why did they?
I'm having trouble activating the Post 9/11 GI Bill?
Has the Obama presidency caused the rise of a certain breed of anti-Democratic Party voter?
who was the first person to use obamacare?
Legal help? 12 points off license no license?
Becoming an Army Nurse Corps Officer given the circumstances?
Southerners: Were Churches in South required by the Government to keep Blacks and Whites segregated?
Do my human rights allow me to do this?
How many MP's does it take to change a light bulb ?
I'm trying to get a J-1 VISA to enter the United States, but need some help.?
How is The Communist Manifesto relevant to today's society with regard to the social and political divide?
is it illegal to fap in public?
Police Officers: Are you shocked by the Kelly Thomas verdict?
How exactly do you control a criminal without knowing who is a criminal?
Why will you vote/not vote for Rahul Gandhi?
Why should I get to go on a state funded trip to Washington D.C.?
Is Gisela Stuart , Edbaston one of the worst MP's in the UK?
What is behind the labor participation rate? Why is it bad?
What is wrong with closing the loop hole that allows private gun sellers to sell guns without?
Why do conservatives think they somehow have a shot at overthrowing the government?
Responsibilities: Uk Mental problems in a sibling legalalities?
Should European Countries legalize Guns?
Suing a drug company.?
If as one of the NRA's T-Shirt slogans proclaims\ an armed society is a polite society \?
Do you agree we need less gun control, NOT more to prevent school shootings?
What rifle would be best to practices to become a scout sniper?
I'm transferring from a college to the military BUT......?
Can I be prosecuted for calling a person that has TPS?
Do you agree that every law abiding, honest American over 18 should be allowed to own a Gun?
If i had jaw surgery can i enlist in the army?
Is America going to communism?
Why don't rich liberals give away half of their wealth to prove their help for a equal society?
Falsely accused of Robbery?
If the rich liberal elite like higher taxes,Why do they use accountants to not pay any?
Why are some prison inmates REALLY REALLY talented artists?
How did President De Gaulle change France’s policy in the Middle East?
Convictions for having crack cocaine in illinois?
Did this police officer make the right call?
Another global warming question. Is this a reasonble question?
Calling all visa lawyer advice?
I had a warrant and I was out on bail in the papers they discharge me with not specify what court judge or div?
do native americans receive govt. checks.?
What percentage of the lowest of the low end up voting in elections?
Should the Government give up Christmas and Easter to stop people from being paid for religious holidays?
What sort of climate deal can Kerry hope to make in 2015? China will not reduce CO2 emission given its biggest?
African American hair for airforce basic training?
If the cops came to my House with A warrant for my arrest and I was walking out my door to leave is it legal?
Did West Virginia Republicans use their guns and bibles to seek fresh water?
Do you think Kelly Thomas' murderers would have been found guilty in a civil law system?
Will I be enjoying a heavily seasoned T-bone with blackened cajun shrimp within the next two hours?
Navy or Air Force? Help please.?
If Sarah Palin's imaginary war on Christmas didn't make her enough money is she going to claim?
Global tensions leading to war..?
What is the official story behind this photo of Obama?
when people get in trouble for their emails & texts, who is revealing them? eg. 1) Christie,2) AROD?
Would you prefer to live in a world where most people behaved like Jesus, or most behaved like Mohammed?
Why do Conservatives think it's wrong fighting to reduce gun violence?
When conservatives say they are cold and that disproves global warming, does that mean they are the globe?
Can I file a Lawsuit against Frito-Lay?
Is it worse to compare Michele Obama with a gorilla or just mention Chris Christies' weight?
how do i get off the local q&a and back to my residence in another state?
What do you need to pass the aptitude test for the infantry for Canadian Forces?
Is Herry Reid`s voice as soothing to you as it is to me?
A good reason to join the army?
Why do so many conservatives associate Islam with the behaviour of extremists?
I thought that these people wanted to be EQUAL. Am I wrong?
Which religions do not believe in mutilating sex organs?
re being on probation help?
if you believe in evolution do you doubt the power of God?
(poll) would you vote for Clintons wife as president?
what is the punishment for attempted murder in california?
what immigration category will i have to apply visa ?
I thought Obama is against CO2 emission and global warming, so why is he pro fracking?
How would cons feel about the \bridge delay\ if a Democrat did it and it happened to them?
Why is it that the more I hear Beck`s rants, the less I like him?
What does it say about our society when there is no shock value anymore?
Do you think imprisonment is an effective form of punishment??
Shouldn't the Tea Party be jubilant; Rand Paul is likely the GOP nomination for President now?
The Con claim more soldiers died under Obama is a ridiculous lie, and only true in Afghanistan where Bush...?
advice on law stolen car?
what kind of lawyer i need to suedaytona beach shores police department?
Was the international community trying to nudge Obama with their award system...?
Am I right about this, a week ago the Cons hated Christie because he was almost a Democrat now they hate him?
When Fox News predicted a Romney win, was that groupthink & misinformation feedback?
If economic fairness is about getting paid for your work. Who determines what is fair?
Why are so many Christian conservatives opposed to Islam?
Would a Chemistry degree be more beneficial than a economics degree for federal law enforcement, e.g ATF?
Why do terrorists attack the white house?
Would a Chemistry degree be more beneficial than a economics degree for federal law enforcement, e.g ATF?
Modern American conservatism is a fascinating example of groupthink and misinformation feedback. Agreed?
Why are Repubs angry w/ Obama about 4 people in Benghazi when Bush killed 10K and maimed more Americans?
What's the legal difference between hate speech and free speech?
Why did Liberals have to start that Islamaphobia crap?
Odds of my winning if I were to contest a ticket?
Help in filing N-400 Application. In part 8 sect.C ,D and E, if I am divorced,how should I fill it up?
How sweet is it that corporations and cars occupy the central social spaces?
Do the conservative responses to this question illustrate their views on minorities?
Is it too bad that Glenn Beck is such a clown?
How dangerous is mercury anyway?
can I apply from uk to Canada study permit?
Is Christie crapping in his boots?
Where do people get the idea that those on the left have a double standard when it comes to Hollywood salaries?
Should President Obama Walk the Walk?
Should we fine power-plants for burning coal and releasing mercury into the atmosphere to create energy?
Why is illegal immigration bad? &why do conservatives hate immigrants.?
Do cons realize that overall, CFLs reduce the amount of mercury in the atmosphere?
Politics: Why is there a double standard for rich Hollywood elites for liberals?
Can a hard working normal person run as president or will they get snuffed out by the overlords?
Why do people from New York City enjoy being oppressed?
help i want my t.v and couch?
Why don't cons accept that Hollywood Artists like Beyonce deserve their money, while corporations do not?
What is mean by duration of residence?
Would the trash dump people get \mad\ from all the mercury bulbs going into the landfill?
How to pay bills while in Navy bootcamp, but already living paycheck to paycheck?
Why does the Libertarian conception of freedom favour the wealthy?
Religion is an outdated and primitive institution that promotes inequality. How is it wrong to destroy it?
how does illness policy relate to the national guidlines?
Would I get in trouble if I made Edison light bulbs and sold them in America via black market?
how much time did nvc take to scheduel interview after all documents has sent to nvc?
Purchasing Boost/Ensure with Food Stamps?
Why do Lie-berals and Demon-Crats wor-ship the govt like it is their dark over lords mammary glands?
Why are Republicans still more bothered by the deaths of 4 Mercenaries in Libya than our veterans and war dead?
If Congress cuts federal unemployment, what % of the long term unemployed will find jobs?
Do you agree that the real idiots are the ones parroting Big Oil talking points and get nothing in return?
If I break my wrist at school by slipping and falling on ice, can I sue?
Why does the NRA send money overseas to terrorists, when left-wing groups and those we support do not?
Why do people hate us Muslims?
Is AAP going to upset Modi's apple cart?
Im joining the Army and they said I to bring my immunization records to BCT with me but I have never received?
Why does the NRA meet the FBI's standard of a terrorist group?
How arrogant are humans to think they are changing the climate?
Since Edison bulbs produce 95% heat to 5% light wouldn't that help lower oil usage in colder climates?
Can anyone see that the Y/A Political board looks like what Politicians like to see?
Did Conservatives complain when Reagan grew the size of the federal government tremendously?
Why does YA allow \yes or no\ questions about Reagan but not Clinton?
Why do people think we have a moral obligation to obey the Illegitimate authority of the ruling class?
Do female drill Sergeant yell at male recruits in Army boot camp?
Can I get a military ID if my dad was in the military and is now deceased?
Do Conservatives not know or ignore the fact that unemployment soared after Reagan’s 1981 tax cuts?
How to pay bills while in Navy bootcamp, but already living paycheck to paycheck?
Why does U.K hate EURO currency so much ?
Politics: ice caps increase in size, Why did globalwarming/climate change-ist say they be gone by 2013?
Was Reagan correct that a gun ban can dry up the supply of weapons making them less accessible to criminals?
What is a military re-entry code?
Why was Reagan's recovery a success and Obamas a blundering failure?
So using conservative logic, the unseasonably warm weather this week means Climate Change is now proven, right?
Ugh! The Gas Station Took My Money And i didnt get no gas Who should i blame!?
YES OR NO: Did Ronald Reagan fix America while Obama continues to fail?
What if Islamic insurgents ask iraqi government abandon Petrol Dollar ?
Obamas voting record on guns while a Senator.Nra points this out and liberals call racisim?
Givin a bad traffic citation?
Is it true that only the 75th Ranger Regiment is special operations?
YES or NO: did Ronald Reagan grant Amnesty to millions of illegal immigrants?
Question about having an gun with filed off serial number?
Do you like me see the united states withdrawing into an isolationist?
How is the reset button working with Russia?
i had a mip at 14 do i have to pay my ticket before i get my permit?
How influencial was the Tea Party on the new $1.1T spending bill?
Tea Partiers, can you name all 5 protected rights in the first amendment?
Does this prove that liberals know nothing about economics?
How can a 2 party system be democratic?
How much did it help the NRA spread their fear by having a Black President in office?
Is it a good idea to put elderly people in foster homes?
Why are so many Americans unaware that they are required to follow the orders of police?
Who do you think Barack Obama is more attracted to? Michelle Obama? or Chris Christie?
I should buy some marijuana with my EBT Card?
Utility Bills & their averages 2013?
When in history has it ever been good to spend more money than you have?
The Russians vs the Americans.?
Rich people- Should investment income be taxed at the same percentage as income from a job?
What are my liberal talking points today? I was waiting for Matt Lauer to spoon feed them to me?
Green card questions?
Do you recognize the American rule of law when you see it?
liberals, when christie used his weather maching to cause hurricane sandy, did he do so to look the hero when?
About Joining the Marines?
What version of the bible are today's Conservatives reading? They hate helping the poor?
Child Custody/Child support and different states?
Is it okay with you if your tax dollars pay for rich peoples health insurance under Obamacare?
simple assault on probation?
Of these four, which is the best reason to fire Republicans in 2014?
Why do liberals advocate helping the poor in this country?
Isn't it funny how cons want the media to focus on stories that are months old and ignore Christie?
next is it gonna come out that Chris Christie actually caused hurricane sandy?
i have court tomorrow!! help????!!!?
What can happen? with the police?
Why do Conservatives cling to bogus made up scandals but try distract you from the real ones?
Should the fact that thousands of Mexican gang members are filling our prisons and?
what if you text your landlord about repairs and he frequently lie via text can you used it in court?
why is it, obama can deny any and all involvement in these many scandals and libs defend obama without...?
Which country has more people in prison? The United States? or communist China?
AZ Governor in her speech said Child Safety should be #1 so why isnt she asking for the Sheriffs resignation?
Bush 9/11 knew in minutes.Obama on Benghazi,nobody told me?
Navy enlisted to Army or Navy officer?
My YA has gone back to the old Green Facia ?
Are there online mock tests for language exams for prospective immigrants to Canada?
Why is the lib mainstream media trying to target Christie when....?
Which country is more productive? The United States? or communist China?
Now that Christie was knocked out by the Tea Party, who`s next?
If slavery is bad, why does Obama force you to buy insurance on exchanges no matter how high prices are?
Have Conservatives asked What have Governors like Jan Brewer done with funding from Obamas $60M border bill?
why do democrats and Obama have such contempt for our veterans, passing illegal law, making it much harder..?
Quitting work and signing on?
what does Germany think about nuclear weapons?
Why has Obama made it easier to get Welfare than for our Veterans to get their Coverage guaranteed them?
I LIVE IN IRELAND, AND MY PASSPORT IS ISSUED IN LONDON, ALGERIAN CONSULATE, DO I NEED A VISA TO TRAVEL TO LOND?
Should I join the British Army?
Wouldn`t it be sad if it could be proven that alcohol plays an important part in U.S. foreign policy decisions?
Was commanding a US Navy Corvette ship a high status duty during WW2 ?
Conservatives is your overweight hero Chris Christie on the ropes as the Bridgegate Investigation widens?
Why did Chris Christie hogg alot of Hurricane Sandy funds for his re-election?
Since when do republicans care about governors targeting political rivals?
Can you be forced to be a marine security guard (MSG)?
Why do you think i'm hated so much in america?
How many deaths are Obama responsible for hard working Americans losing their Health Insurance?
Do you think Obama's amnesty will either put into jail or fine employers who hired illegal workers?
leaving UK after missing bail?
Visitor Visa for my wife's parents?
To lower wages: Isn't it important for Obama to pass amnesty so employers can cut wages?
Is Navy ROTC right for me?
Why are the two FORMER Fullerton Police officers who beat Kelly Thomas no longer working for the Fullerton PD?
Is it normal for old rich ladies like Hillary to still thirst for power?
If i go into work and work without clocking in or getting paid is that illegal?
if someone is sentenced to death are they taken to death row straight away?
Could the Mayors of Chicago, New York, and other cities where there are Liberal mayors do more to reduce?
If I'm being raped and I kill the person in self-defense, will I go to jail?
Can my mother sue me for unpaid unwritten personal loan?
I am certain that someone is stalking me, I have contacted the police & nothing is being done wat to do?
Gun lovers : When the gun loving family values crowd sits down for dinner where does the handgun go?
Am I able to reenlist?
In 1924 it took an Auto worker 100 days to afford a FORD car, in 1925 Ford increased wages and it took only?
Gun haters: Why are you so absolutely sure that the 2nd Amendment is Outdated?
Auntie was arrested for assault but let off with a warning now the person she assaulted has took her to court.?
Do people that have to brag they have guns have other issues that are problematic to society?
Is this hair due in regulations for the Air Force?
what is a fair probability?
What surprise military action helped shorten the Spanish-American War?
If One person having 3-4 degrees then what should he do?
What are the consequences when the majority of the people in the US congress are millionaires?
What kind of picture of myself should i send to my prison pen pal?
Why do rich right wingers need to own & monopolize the \news media\?
Could I get my first, bogus DUI, appealed by joining the Air Force?
Gun haters: Would you mind if I put a sign on my lawn saying \I have guns, my neighbor doesn't\?
Could Ohio be starting starting an Obamacare Revolution?
Why do we let social status be replaced by a measure of usefulness to the corporate machine like income?
Is a non-signed gym contract valid?
iam a citizen of india and iam graduated can you please tell me how can i apply for american secret service?
In Ohio, what does\dismiss on motion of the prosecutor\ mean? And can they refile charges?
why can men walk around topless in public and women can't? We both have nipples!?
Receiving food stamps with children?
how do i apply to re-join the british army if my afco wont let me?
Will US society always be a creepy, crappy experience since guns can come to the movies?
Need help with a question?
buying dress on line at one price...?
Raamadan: what is your pledge for the day of birth of blessed prophet?
What would happen if a member of the British House of Commons was named for misconduct and the motion that the?
is there any work experiences needed while applying rsms visa?
If I disabled myself on purpose could I get enough money to live on?
The moving EU Circus. Is this not the dafters idea ever ?
Are officers in the US army allowed to have foreign spouses?
Can co-workers prevent you from coming to work if you have family members that are sick?
Guatemalan Citizenship?
How bad would it be if an enemy used EMP weapons on the US?
How many long would it take to get my voter id?
what kind of tactics and strategy could stop AI-Qaeda ?
How long would it take to train citizens for war if in an unlikely invasion?
Is treasury bill safe?
Is there a way where my Australain Girlfriend can stay with me in the UK?
Will the middle class make the DNC pay for screwing up healthcare in the 2014 elections?
trying to join the army but they have asked me to go to a gp to provide a?
Have people gotten prosecuted for downloading movies from websites like sockshare/putlocker?
should native Americans claim for their lost homeland back from children's of settlers?
Friend was arrested for being out after curfew, having weed on him?
Does getting ears pierced affect chances of becoming a US citizen through naturalization (for a guy)?
My police verification for passport is under consideration?
Will i go back to juvie if I didnt do my community service?
How Do I Claim Dog Bite Compensation?
How do the UN pool soldiers for peace keeping missions and from what countries?
Does Edward Snowden still work for the NSA, like he said he does?
do i need a visa to travel to new york from uk if i am colombian?
how to renew coc for oic?
What are two reasons ppl have not just Rights but also Responsibilities?
apply to newZealand PR in India?
Have I Been Suspended From Work?
I have my license suspended in 2 states?
Have I Been Suspended From Work?
Is there a better example of why we call millenials, slackers?
What happens to the deficit when the government issues bonds?
Want to know Course Fees for UTM?
Under Obama Black employment is at it's lowest in the history of the nation?
How hard is it to live in the UK unmarried as a foreigner? Impossible?
Why aren't the young who voted Obama in buying Obamacare?
What if the person was in the wrong for stealing but got their wrists broken in the process.?
Is it possible to work for a US company in the UK (since it's so hard to get a UK job as an American)?
Joining the US Navy soon! Showers?! :/?
Sale of property without consent from children?
What type of visa would I need?
Leaving the army - job interviews?
how i make visa to work in japan?
Unable to get appointment at PSK for passport. Please help..?
Do you think Ukraine will split?
Should MPs set their own pay?
Why are people incapable of noting the difference between pedophilia and statutory rape?
Which of the following best states an interpretation of the Second Amendment?
When does a defense attorney get a list of evidence for a case?
When does a defense attorney get a list of evidence for a case?
How should I fight this traffic ticket?
Just how Liberal is living in a Kibbutz?
Why is Obama wanting to spend so much money in a economic depression?
Justice of the Peace?
what will happen if the tories win in 2015?
Did Governor Christie misuse the federal money for super storm Sandy cleanup? The 25 million dollar ad for?
Have all of the liberals left their fast-food jobs for the night and now posting on YA?
is there any specific questions they ask in court if you get caught with marijuana(stems) at school?
Why everyone should support pot legalization?
My current status passport printing is in progress then how many days it take to change status.?
Does every empire become more hedonistic before it's collapse?
is it Illegal to call someone a paedophile in the UK?
i was terminated during my probationary period do i have the right to ask for ticket to go back in my country?
Can I get in trouble for this?
Where do Conservatives get their 'facts' from?
[Britain] If a off duty Police offer got \Killed\ would sentence be the same?
Could Argentina invade the UK?
If gays become a protected class, will this cause a \slippery slope\?
Do you think with all the evidence...?
Are WW3 battle lines being drawn..?
Why do cons smell bad? Politically speaking of course?
Americans and guns, why do they think more guns means less crime?
Why do cons worship idols?
Are conservatives Human?
Why are Cons now inventing \ObamaWeed\?
Can a employer take money out of my check if I didn't give him permission?
Name the corrupt faces in BJP and also the corruption charges?
Will scientists ever plumb the depths of the conservative mind?
Did Wal-Mart hijack the American Dream? I was just there and it was a nightmare?
will i be denied sec clearance?
are american citizan consider migration if they move to mexico?
Is this the highest compliment you can pay to a politician?
What will happen if i get cought with a firearm in california?
can a security guard charge you for petty theft?
When will presidents and congressmen be appointed?
If the government cannot stop trash calls how can they do health care?
Which country does USA not believe after North Korea?
Libs, what do you think of the racist add ons from the female passengers on this bus ride?
Will the new book (out tomorrow) \The Loudest Voice in the Room\ receive high praise from Fox News?
Does Coast guard do touring?
Can you enlist as active duty in any military branch after you have been discharged?
Sample Letter To Dismiss Attorney?
Russia and China military....?
I want to join the army but my parents dont support me?
Can a security guard charge you for petty theft?
Are there going to be anti-air craft cannons or turrets scattered around the Freedom Tower?
Why is the GOP like \The Gang that can't shoot straight\?
Requirements for joining the U.S. Army?
how to send final documents to National Visa Center packet IV via electronic?
Should politicians curse? Isn't that childish considering their experience ?
A new indian casino in Sonoma county California has a hiring policy that seems illegal.?
Say there is a fighter jet and its pilot. If the pilot retires, what happens to the jet?
I got a AFQT score of 35 but my ST line score was 96, will i qualify for MP ?
If a girl fights/duels with a woman police officer, are they tough?
why is smoking legal?
was chris Christy behind the terroristic act of halting traffic in his state?
Where do cons get off on insulting people for being liberal?
what Child Enticement mean?
Questions: USA, UK and the rest of the world - No junk answer!?
Is it true that you should never take advice from a girl on how to pick up girls?
How do you become Chief in the Navy SEALs?
why shouldn't there be a white history month in the U.S?? because it would drag out to a year to list our?
Are you glad that Kanye West punched that Conservative in the face for being racist towards his family?
I need some information (any) about the seventh alabama infantry regiment during the civil war...?
Are there REAL (domestic) drug-dealing crime groups that are organized in the USA?
If I joining the Air Force Reserve and my friend joining AF full time, can we still do the buddy program?
What states favour the Democrats?
Do US citizens need a work permit to work in canada?
how long does it take to sponsor my husband to canada?
Do republicans realize that offering free housing in inner city areas for the poor isn't vote-buying?
What should I put as country of nationality for asylum who has green card?
when a candidate promises to get the government off our backs it means that the candidate will?
Which armed service should I choose?
What is 20 things the goverment do for us?
Petitioners birth certificate for AOS interview?
Where are C-Schools for AECF for the Navy?
How hard is it to move from Canada to UK?
why do conservatives threaten to beat up everybody they disagree with?
Why do cons think that Minority groups favor the liberals-democrats because they want handouts?
Have you ever driven through a poor, ghetto neighborhood and noticed how many people drive nice cars?
the tea party chant don't tread on me is a threat. why won't they admit this?
Which party, should I vote in lok sabha elections?
Discuss 3 operational changes you would make to the government?
Since Liberals always claim that only cops should have guns, what then if the cops are killers?
Will college help me in becoming a Combat controller?
becoming a chp officer?
What are the 5 fastest developing countries in the world?
I have a correction in my emirates visiting visa what can I do?
Are managers allowed to keep employees tips overnight?
Changed Signature Process?
LLC owned by H1 doctor wants to sponsor h1?
My recruiter let me take the asvab I passed with a 78% but I got a certificate & I don't know what to do?
Does my sponsor need a passport for the fiance visa?
Is it legal for a nurse to come into the bathroom with me while I take a piss test?
Will there be big parties on the last day of Obama's presidency?
Why do people like obama?
Does anyone have a good knowledge of the cost and process of changing your first name legally in California?
What should I do about this?
How will California survive after Jerry Brown leaves?
Does the National Guard fight Drug Cartels?
Is the U.S doomed. !!?
Got caught with weed, now what? (Tennessee & a minor)?
does the tea party hate unions?
What are some places you can be hired with long hair?
websites to good info on the Australian airforce cadets?
What do you think of this Headline?
Would I be able to join the military with a high school certificate? I finished high school?
If the govt is 'the people' what do govt employee unions protect its members from?
the govt had a budget surplus in december. good news?
Which President made the most recess appointments?
Has anyone taken the political compass test?
why would the tea party defend chris christie?
British Army Royal Artillery Info!!!!?
If you refuse Obama care and you are injured in a car accident, should a hospital take care of you?
What does Darrell Issa gain by creating scandals if President Obama is not running for another term?
How much does a ticket for talking on the cellphone, while driving cost in Detroid, Indiana?
Does the latest Theater shooting prove it is a Gun problem or a human problem?
did hurricane sandy money generate a profit directly for chris christie?
How to discuss sarcastic issues with enemies?
my duplex has a sign that basically states that the police department has jurisdiction over this property...?
if the senate is in session for 2 minutes, is that really a session?
USMC ammo tech or embarkation specialist. info?
Can dual military couples not collocated each with dependents receive with dependent rate BAH?
does the tea party think that medicare generates a profit directly?
Should the government regulate marriage?
What is the difference between republicans and democrats?
does the pentagon generate a profit directly?
OHIO: Can i own, buy, carry (open and concealed) a handgun or long gun?
Interrogator / interrogation?
Politically speaking: Do you support or oppose same sex marriage?
OHIO: Can i own, buy, carry (open and concealed) a handgun or long gun?
does nasa generate a profit directly?
Can I fight a summons for not using my right turning signal even though there was clearly only one direction?
Can my friend enlist?
how does christie rationalize using hurricane sandy money for semi-campaign ads?
Is the Bachmann marriage the best evidence that gay marriage works?
do we have to pay for a bounced check if sercices not completed?
do you have your own room in bases if you're in the infantry?
Is This A Good Point Here?
Should people under the age of 18 own weapons?
Are Michelle Obama's wigs made from White or Asian hair?
Will my SO be able to reenlist into the Marines?
is the subway in nyc profitable?
Will the Biebs be good entertainment in jail his fellow inmates?
Why are people so full of hate?
Was George Bush Senior as unintelligent as his son? And was Hollywood actor, Reagan, all that smart either?
Can a nurse coming out of ROTC in college become a Special Forces Medical Sergeant?
target and other big corps have been hacked. what about healthcare.gov?
Would it be legal for a 21 year old to date a 17 year old?
Why doesn't the US government shut down Amtrak?
What is the role of the International community in the Syrian conflict?
is there a compromise that can be reached between the rebels and the government?
Can they stop me from dropping out?
If i want to get a patent on an idea involving another company's data what do i do?
can i reenlist in the national guard?
So let me get this straight: Libs think Christie knew about the GWB traffic jam and Obama knew nothing?
Are the WMDs still in Iraq what happened to them all, why was bush so bad at finding weapons and terrorist.?
Do you believe that the feds have too much power?
Would throwing money out of a car window be considered littering?
Is Maryland's exchange just other one of obamacare success stories Iibs trumpet?
Does Fox News discuss and present the email trail in Chris Christies' Bridgegate like MSNBC has today?
Reporting to jury duty tomorrow but CONFUSED?
Why doesn't cuffing someone on a stop and frisk turn it into an arrest?
If the economy in the country has progressed, does it mean stricter immigration laws?
Why do libs report questions about the incompetent liar aka Barack Hussein Obama?
Why is Conservatism so much more superior than Liberalism?
Why does \Freedom Industries\, aka The Koch Brothers, want to get rid of the EPA?
Rights when being pulled over?
Aren't real scandals obvious after we find out about them?
what is it you don't like about obama?
Operation Red Wings Taliban video?
Trademark question regarding toy products?
Your teacher.com asvab what do you guys think of it?
Isn't this really why Koch brothers want to do away with the EPA?
Why did the Koch Brothers poison the water in West Virginia?
do you miss life before social media?
Can you go to jail if you use someone else's name at the airport?
Do the right wingers here suffer from ADD, lack of reading comprehension, ignorance, or selective memory?
If I'm actively blocking bridges in highly populated areas, can that be \overplayed\?
how does christie justify using hurricane relief money for campaign ads?
with progressives overplaying the Christie card, will the folks view liberals as bullies, mean, desperate?
Someone told me one british ship destroyed an entire chinese fleet?
Do the right wingers here suffer from ADD, illiteracy, lack of reading comprehension, or selective ignorance?
What time does a house party have to shut down legally?
social security lawyers specialist in SMI tucson?
I got an interview with kuoni(sotc) travel agency! I really need to get it this time.tips on details plz(10poi?
Is it hard to believe Governor Christie is a mean sociopath?
Gun loves : Why are you so incapable of giving us the name of the Founders who would have supported?
im helping a friend file a divorce in the petition I asked for joint legal and physical to mother the mother?
Are people really that petty in this section to report a true or false question?
If i plead not guilty to a speeding ticket?
Was this misconduct in this situation?
Why won't anyone talk or answer questions connected to Kenneth BAe?
Do you see the 'smart'phone's impact on society as good/bad/dangerous/etc. or just another?
tea party, who is professor richard muller?
what are the most three reasons why Canada became a country?
Is this not true the republican do not lie? If not than why is it that they are hated by most American people?
What is the category called?
Conservatives, when all else fails do you call Obama all three like this Tea Party member?
What happens if there is evidence that the accused may not be guilty?what should the public prosecutor do case?
30% of ocare enrollees are under 35 years old. good, bad r indifferent?
the liberal side of SCOTUS, even coming down against Obama's unlawful overreach of executive authority...?
what happens if my record is clean when I leave to boot camp but while in boot camp something pops up?
what happens if my record is clean when I leave to boot camp but while in boot camp something pops up?
ARMY RESERVES AND CIVILIAN JOB?
Were those liberal Global Warming Scientists shocked that they found ice in Antarctica?
How can I make a contract legally binding?
child support order set?
i want to get emancipated out of foster care how can i?
Even after Obamas last term will the NRA keep telling their members that Obama is still coming for your guns?
3.8 million now have health coverage due to ocare. good? bad? indifferent?
Should I go to court if I have two tickets?
Why would bringing up Obama's unelected bureaucrats and their 80,000 pages of new rules & laws be reported?
How has the military helped other countries besides defending its own?
Do Conservatives honestly believe that people with criminal intentions NEVER buy guns at gun shows?
What should I do? My license was stolen and Im scared that someone will use it before I leave to bct.?
Canadian/UK Dual citizenship?
removal of green card condition?
What is wrong with this picture?
Can you have your child taken away from you if you are a user of marijuana?
Are people on the west coast getting radiation from fukushima?
If my wife moves away for school...will I get 2 separate BAH's?
requirements of the Air force?
Why are Iibs under the impression if there were just enough laws they could change human nature?
Why doesn`t the U.S. follow a socialist system that has succeeded, instead of experimenting?
Is this another example of a responsible NRA gun owner?
wouldn't it be better ??
Does the us navy ever fight this day in age or do they just patrol the seas and provide air support ?
can i put my parents down on my obama care while im married living in a different address?
Should alcohol be illegal? Isn't it destructive?
can mumbai be seperated from maharashtra then why the hell seperate hyderabad from andhra pradesh?
can they chapter my son out of basic training for injuries sustained while in Basic?
What is the US Military Budget?
FBI warning ? Help!!!?
What are the laws on a bad notary public? (GA)?
If the Olympics were in France would the Obamas have loaded up AF1 with friends and family and stuck?
Can I still join rotc for Air Force in college?
Do not being able to impose their religious views on others make christians feel \oppressed\?
Navy denied me for insufficient time out so what now?
Should the employer or the employee have to pay?
Would you support a political party that wanted to protect society from over-use and under-pay by business?
Are Religions and Hollywood in the same business, promoting profitable fantasies for human consumption?
Landlord abusing power by holding deposit?
How does the 14th Amendment protect a person's civil rights against actions of state and local government?
Help is this guy a undercover cop?
Why did 93% of African-American voted for Obama in 2012?
Air force or national guard reserves?
What exactly is a citizens arrest?
Jury duty quiestion 10 points?
Why is Obamacare such a bad policy?
How come the French ignore extramarital affairs but Americans would be having coniptions?
If a tree falls in Washington does anybody hear it or is it Obama's fault?
the police raided my house.?
Michael Moore fans: What is his best movie?
Is it true that the military is generally bad at dealing with mental health?
Window tint ticket , just bought truck ?
Are people who are 100% biased and call themselves wise very smart?
What is Political Division?
Why was Iran able to get so close to nuclear weapons capability under the nose of Hillary Clinton?
Should the USA have stayed in Iraq longer or was it definitely time to leave?
Wife fired for being pregnant. We need help?
Is it better to be a black racist or a white racist?
Is racism in one race worse then other races, or is racism bad equally?
With the national debt at over $17.3 trillion, is it likely that a default is inevitable?
live in South Australia. I have Visa?
Can I sue for invasion of privacy in this instance?
I want to be a Navy Officer, physics degree, 4 years professional experience, but 2.5 GPA?
Can an uncle sue his nephews and sister in law for brothers inhertance?
Are white people still allowed to participate in politics in South Africa?
Why didn't Gov. Christie fake an illness for a month and then say 'What difference at this point?
Is it wrong to point and laugh at people who complain about government debt...?
What are the chances of getting deployed in the next six years being in the marine corps reserves?
Do i have to pee for cys if im 18?
Do you have to go to the gas chamber in AFROTC?
Who cares about West Virginia?
do I have to get tricare if i go guard and i only use VA clinics?
why is every election the choice between the lesser of two evils?
Do you have to eat fish in the navy?
How does the United States have a base in Cuba? Gitmo.?
Was Chris Christie telling the truth when he said he was working out the day the news broke of the scandal?
Should the death penalty be use? Pros & Cons?
Reporting a website for child porn?
Is it the role of government to regulate toilet water and light bulbs?
What can I do with a home land security degree?
Wouldn't NJ have been much better off if Jon Corzine had been reelected as governor?
Do you want your kids to do drugs when they grow up? why then does our government support drug use?
What would be Russia's reaction to Volgograd attack?
How many conservatives would like to bring back prohibition?
Should President Obama ask the country to vote to change the constitution so he can seek a 3rd term?
Is the us military death toll higher than shown on tv?
Should private employers be allowed to fire you for being a Libertarian?
is Chris Christie campaign theme song going to be a bridge over trouble water?
Do I have to pay restitution if it isn't court ordered?
hw can I go to japan wth my resedence u s visa only?
Did you vote for Roseanne Barr in 2012?
Can someone successfully press hit and run charges on me if...?
Why do redneck doctors that don't live in big cities hate Obamacare, when inner city doctors love it?
hw can I go to japan wth my resedence u s visa only?
Why Do Some Doctors Dislike ObamaCare?
Croatian citizenship through decent?
Is Pauly Shore the Democrats' best hope for holding the Presidency in 2016?
I am not going to vote for a fat presidential candidate if he have an UGLY NAME OR just out right UGLY IN 2016?
could we base our currency on physical materials?
How does bail bond works and also?
How filipino can go to japan wth out visa for short vacation only?
Is it legal to travel out of the state of Minnesota without parent permission under the age of 18?
Why is Putin's government so anti equality for same sex marriage couples?
Is it ironic that Hillary Clinton's revenge list was exposed, just as Christie is being accused of?
how do i find out my passport number?
If all I do is get a welfare check, smoke a bong and make fun of the GOP what kind of job can I apply for?
Why do so many criticize President Obama's wisdom?
How many Americans rail against marijuana legalization while they're impaired by alcohol?
Details from the recruiter to MEPS?
What is the global consumption of copper?
so this is how the crown meeting went...?
If the Inventors of Democracy were gay (Greeks) why is there no gay marriage in a Democratic Country?
Do you think Iran could have been a very developed country if it wasn't for 1953?
Is Christiegate like Watergate in this important way - it evens the score politically?
Is it legal to leave the state under 18 without parent permission in the state of Minnesota?
Confused on my political stand point?
reenlist with seperation code jfw?
How long was long enough to stay in Iraq?
Is it the role of government to regulate toilet water and light bulb wattage?
Should you be required to pay union dues if you are not in a union?
Can someone explain the Chis Christie bridge scandal in layman's terms?
what is a locally elected group of leaders?
Will the Obamacare fail with these new charts?
Obama vs. Christie: Which politician dropped more in the polls after a recent controversy?
The gov made a mess of Obamacare. Wouldn't Universal Health Care be adding \insult to injury\?
Why does Rand Paul believe that Chris Christie used political power against his opponents?
Do you believe Libertarians are out of touch with reality?
Becoming a Police officer?
Can my employer not tell me he's shutting down his buisness ?
Corporations pay 38% tax on earnings and then shareholders pay 36% tax on whats left, isn't that 60% tax?
What is Bill O'Reilly's position on legalization of marijuana?
Agree or Disagree? The more Israel gives into Pressure to give their land to Palestinians The more?
2016 socialist/Marxist knockout: Santorum/Palin ticket or President Perry/Rand Paul?
What are the advantages to legalizing marijuana for recreational use?
Can we as a nation build peace after war? How? What are some examples.?
Applying for Australian residency, can I stay at same job?
Did the USA lose the war in Iraq?
Good age to contact USAF recruiter?
Which is most likely to happen? Obamacare will implode on itself or....?
Why do cons want to revoke the rights of criminals, such as their right to vote?
I have my first appointment at VA clinic, but i do not have a VIC card. Will they still see me?
What is the penalty for stealing a credit card?
Can a pedestrian pull over a police officer? -if so, how?
Will the United States remain forever in debt?
If Global Warming is real, why would Fox News lie to us and say it's not?
Why did the Party of Lincoln lose the Black Vote,?
What got Billy O'Reilly's panties in a wad on this whole marijuana thing?
What does the 9th amendment mean?
Sexual offender/predator, what's the rules?
who has sign up for obama care?
Was Nancy Grace serious when she claimed marijuana caused a woman to behead her baby?
Will Hillary in \17\ complete the hatchet job on America?
What could happen if I lie about my religion applying for citizenship to another country?
Getting arrested while on bail?
What is a sixteen year old's legal rights in the U.S? (Female)?
Why is it good that the government mandates how much water our toilets use?
What would be the sentence be for stealing?
Does msnbc really consider a 300 pound woman to be the face of poverty?
How come more attention to Christie, almost none the the WV chemical spill?
Do we now know why Christie takes a helicopter everywhere?
What Liberal and Conservative YA user would make a good fight?
Why do power-lusting democrat women cling to misogynists creeps?
Does playing Call of Duty count as experience on the battlefield?
What would be the sentence for stealing in California?
Why do Republicans call Social Security a scam?
What is a bigger scam on American tax payers? Social Security or Obamacare?
2 herniated disks + levoscoliosis denied MEB what do i do now?
do you get paid for jury duty?
immigration help! filing for U.S papers?
When was the corporate income tax first introduced?
Do driving license suspensions run congruently?
Does anyone have data on the genetic separation between Neanderthals and modern people?
If Asians are so smart, why are most Asian countries 3rd World?
Why is hatred the primary motivator of progressives?
Is MEOP a good decision?
Remember this guy from 2008..?
Why do Republicans refuse to pay their bills?
Can I join the Marines if I am diagnosed with depression and anxiety and have self harm scars?
is this how republicans dance and feel 'hip'?
Do you think it's almost as if Hillary is becoming more celebrity than Presidential?
How do I become a police officer?
Do you think that Yahoo is pro-gay?
In 2018 I will be 18, I want to be in the Army but I want to be in combat too, so what war will be going on?
Is this how republicans dance and feel hip to the music?
Recruiter hasn't called me why?
Requirements for being in the Navy?
What does it take to be a cop?
am i violating copyright?
Which politician would you like to see run in 2016?
Is abstinence genocide against the future citizens of America?
what are the rules and regulations while living on a military base ?
If profit maximization is a firm's only consideration, how can we prevent environmental disasters ....?
Which of these promises that Obama broke were you the most upset over?
My boyfriends a mailman and is having a lot of problems?
Military bah question?
If all humans came from Africa, does that mean Blacks are closer genetically to the common ancestor?
What's the difference between libertarian-socialism and anarcho-syndicalism?
If someone broke into my house and I shot him being 17 would I go to jail?
So now what white America...a mexican killed Kelly thomas...?
Hey liberals, are you against infanticide after birth?
Can police search your pockets without asking?
Canadian Individual & Collective Rights?
How to start the process of expunging a felony in California?
Where can you buy a state law book?
should i join sea cadets or young marines?
Got questions about the Canadian Air Force?
Do liberals want to disarm the U.S because they believe it will half black-on-black crime in the country?
Is everything from now on a white invention since whites invented the tools,etc used for inventing everything?
Question About joining the marines please help!?
How is the American visas work ?
What branch in the military is better to join as a single mother?
Do you agree that Chris Christy's Bridge scandal is more fun than the so-called IRS or Benghazi scandal?
Based on our past disregard for our Military?
Is it possible to get a parking ticket for this?
Why are the majority of prison inmates Black from a 14% population?
Why aren't secondary home owners allowed to vote?
Is the USA government c losing down the last lead plant in America, to protect us from guns?
How do I sell my army leave days?
I was wondering about people who ride in the same car as me (I'm the driver) can sue me...?
Is the USA government c losing down the lead plant, to protect us from guns?
Help i am trying to pay my penalty notice for a disorder?
Navy EOD decision! Help?
can anyone help me with this question?
Why can't you wear colorful clothes in the army?
Should Congress order the distruction of the George Washington Bridge?
Have they voted on euc program today?
Are chemical spills, like the one in West Virginia, just inevitable consequences of capitalism?
can someone help me with this question?
Have Congress voted on Euc program?
The cops came to my house and beat me up, what do I do?
who does the U.S. magistrate help?
Army ranks: Specialist and Corporal?
Why hasn't Fox News and the GOP blamed Obama for the George Washington Bridge shut down?
Hey tree huggers, did you know that the US government is the biggest polluter in the world? What has your?
Why are a lot of white Americans against learning Spanish?
Has socialistic assistance helped to destroy the American family--especially for minorities?
how much is a fir lane citation in corona ca?
Military: Are drill instructors anything like R Lee Ermy in Full metal jacket.?
Where can i watch the Manchurian Candidate online, the 1962 version?
I'm German, How could I come to work in the US?
Is it ironic people call WW2 stragetic bombings \war crimes\ but mass artillery strikes were not?
Would it be easier to get 89d or 11x with Option 40 Contract when enlisting?
sex with a minor in cali?
What is your with our justice system now days?
Can the Army push you're leave date to basic training?
Why don't repubs realize that if birth control is provided freely that would cut down on later govt help?
How long until 0bamaKare implodes?
Custody dispute psychiatric evaluation and human rights law?
2.2 Million have signed up for Obamacare, will Conservatives admit that they can't stop it now?
Is China, America's old friend?
How hard do police try to identify bodies?
U.S. HISTORY HELP Why did Hamilton believe the constitution allowed a national bank?
Is it illegal to ask a police officer to pepper spray you?
Is Islam the best thing to happen to America?
Shouldn't Dwight Eisenhower be among the least favorite presidents of Conservative Republicans?
What will Bill Clinton's title be when Hillary wins in 2016?
Why do American conservatives like to make up lies about Canada's health care system?
What is the process for a filopino woman on a work permit in canada to marry an American citizen and live USA?
the Taliban have Afghanistan, Al Qaeda have Iraq, Al Qaeda almost has Syria... America, what was the point?
Why can't Fox News and the GOP Scandal the Truth?
What percentage of Wall Street crooks are Republican?
Should women be allowed to kill their partners?
Can I avoid obamacare and just pay the fine.?
Have I correctly allocated blame for all America's problems?
Whats involved in taking a traffic ticket (small fender-bender) to court?
Is the US responsible for the mess in Iraq?
What role did the Bush era policies play in the casualty rate at the Battle of Wanat?
How does the collapse of rust belt cities like Detroit, Cleveland, Youngstown expose the failure of capitalism?
my husband did not work all year (2013) and i was pregnant and gave birth in april 2013. Right after i started?
If Obama is so worried about our future generations, why he still hasn't banned hydrocarbons?
where cant you carry with a CCW permit in colorado?
Discuss how important knowing the probability of a crime can help assist Law Enforcement with ridding an area?
Is it illegal t have school on Martin Luther King Jr. Day?
The 737 which landed at the wrong airport: will they have to use a military pilot to get off the short runway?
Why have West Virginian Democrats failed to regulate the chemicals that tainted the water supply?
How to remove mugshot from internet?
what to expect at a pretrial conference? do i need a lawyer?
Is this sexual harassment?
Shouldn't minorities and homosexuals be for limited government?
Who are your favorite current political pundits?
Can I get out of this?
how can I obtain a copy of my 2012 w2?
Does Hillary Clinton even have a chance against Ted Cruz or Rand Paul?
Will the marines make and exception for me?
Why are so many people, especially younger, apathetic to politics and current events?
Where are the best places to live for the uneducated working class?
Can the court stop Obama from executing rulings that are not in line with the constitution?
Can the court stop Obama from executing rulings that are not in line with the constitution?
Why is the private sector so bad at keeping peoples credit card info safe?
Why do Republicans in Congress act like Democrats are the enemies?
why did the congressman feel it was important that each state have an equal vote in congress?
Did you know, in order to reduce CO2 in the air to safe level of 350 ppm (396 ppm now), we have to spend 600 $?
Joining the royal Marines as a dual citizen?
Will Conservatives run a Conservative candidate for President in 2016 or will they?
she lied about her son being in the military? how do people feel about that?
The persistent pursuit of long term perdonal goals is cited in your reading material as a helpful wat to devel?
I might have been in a Victim of fraud. HELP!?
Why do people listen to Rush Limbaugh?
Why do Conservatives rave about Marxism?
In terms of leadership, do you consider President Obama to be strong or weak?
Why do liberals always call names?
16. What battle led President Lincoln to conclude that the Civil War would take longer and require more troops?
What exactly is the Fifth Amendment?
What would you do if politicians put restrictions on mens sexual right?
Is tonight, return to college and impress your?
how to tell if someones scamming you?
Are the bands in the military respected?
Who is Edward Snowden?
What will our fearless leader do if this happens?
patent lawyer lawyer patent patent lawyer?
What is the best way to get involved in state government?
Why do Republicans care about Benghazi?
Civil Disobedience paper help?
Why are Conservatives such big fans of the NFL which promotes extremely Socialistic ideals?
Why are Cons OK with people dying during the Bridge-Gate power abuse incident?
jumping a red light UK?
Does the military have lawyer/attorney type jobs?
Why does President Obama say he knows so little about what goes on in his administration?
Are you disappointed in Christie's inability to cover up an amater scandal like Bridgegate?
If libs care so much about traffic constraints on the GW Bridge, then why do they toll it?
should i file a police report?
Do you believe Chris \4-Lane\ Christie knew about Bridge-Gate?
Do democrats get mad easily ?
POLL:\Is Chris Christie lying or is he incompetent on Bridge-gate?
military question help?
military question help?
Can I move out at 17 in South Carolina without parent concent and without going to court?
\Baby\/Underage DWI offenses in New Jersey?
question about eviction in virginia?
CA labor law question--on calls?
Is Chris Christie the best republicans can muster up for 2016?
Can I come to usa with re enter visa and leave again?
Are you aloud to take pets in the army with you?
Christie still riding high in polls. Is he actually gaining popularity from the publicity?
Where on the planet earth could a guy win a Golden Globe award after having sex with his stepdaughter?
If NJ Governor Christie can't be trusted to control his appetite why is he trusted with controlling NJ?
Do you think Barack is correct in doing recess appointments without the approval of congress?
Do you think Barack is correct in doing recess appointments without the approval of congress?
Why was Ethiopia the only place in Africa not conquered by Europeans?
how many MPs did Churchill have in the war years?
Why do Democrats shy away from accusations of Socialism?
Who is .... or.... Who r.... behind the Gay Pride movement in the USA..... sponsoring lobbyist + scandals?
Is my National Guard contract void now?
Is this a violation of my lease?
europeans wrestle with bare hands in cage, in american wwe.... they pretend?
Would it be ironic if Christie won the 2016 presidential election? What would left wingers say and do?
is being soldier really hard?
Can I be sued for accidentally breaking property?
What was happening in Japan that made them immigrate to Canada?
What do these people have in common: Jerry Sandusky, Woody Allen, Roman Polanski, Michael Jackson?
when police have thier lights on do their other signals not work like their blinkers for instance?
Hollywood gives Woody Allen a Golden Globe. Why not given Jerry Sandusky a major award too?
question about the U.S army?
Why can't cons understand that Benghazi-gate is insignificant, what really matters is Bridge-gate?
LAW: If someone is staring at my sister/mother/wife. . .?
how long do I need to have my learner permit?
What was Benghazi and why is it only on FOX news?
17 looking into the military?
Option 40 Ranger 11B Army?
With the GOP being defunct in CA?
what is a welfare waiver?
Is George Soros part of the 1% class that we hear are bad people?
Could Christie teach Obama a thing or two about managing scandals?
europeans eat onions whole for breakfast..... onions make americans cry?
Am I suppose to get my parking ticket in the mail...?
Can a single (Army) spc live somewhere besides barracks?
If a person or group claims to be tolerant should they practice tolerance on those who disagree with them?
Were these the Christians who have supported GW Bush...... hoping for a place + a voice in the US govt?
Why are we allowing UK Islmic citizens to go and wage Jihad abroad?
Will medicinal crack and heroin ever be legal in the United States? If so, when and under what circumstances?
What happends if a baby is brought about through statutory rape?
Is corporatism evil because it promotes greed, lies and corruption; also why do corporations get handouts?
What does your party tell you to get mad about?
Great Americans like Ike and FDR deported millions to help struggling Americans get jobs. Why won't Obama?
ive given up VFW and Legion membership.?
What to do if you are banned from a store?? What happens if I return?
How will a marginal increase in the min. wage ($9-$10/hour) have a significant effect on unemployment if ...?
What to do if you are banned from a store?? What happens if I return?
Is it weird to wear combat boots in civilian attire?
Do you prefer Chicago or New Jersey politics?
Inequality. Why do Cons ignore how the rich get favorable treatment compared to other Americans?
If Reagan was viewed as a fool, why did he have landslide election victories?
What did the Obama administration dig up Chief Justice of the US John Roberts to get him to vote for?
If my girl friend wants to join the Air Force and I'm already in the Army?
If my girl friend wants to join the Air Force and I'm already in the Army?
What's so bad about liberalism?
The up coming presidential election why should the democrats debate republican canidates they all are losers?
When an insurance company refuses to pay out on the grounds that it was an Act of God...?
Child support for a baby that came from a rape?
what happen after a person get deportation , ?
I had a warrant out 14yr ago but am in court for something stupid, will I be arrested when I'm in court.he?
Immigration. If a minority deals illegal drugs, his car may be confiscated. If a rich businessman uses?
Y r the US media (foreign owned) sooooooo desperate to divide Americans into LIBS vs CONS + BLACKS vs WHITES?
Is there any military(navy) wives living in the point mugu California area?
can i go to jail if sum1 authorized use of ATM card and gives the pin number? they r now saying i stole it?
RAF/ Other European Air force to USAF?
Right after GW Bush took office.... why r the US media soooooo eager to destroy the image of the Pope with?
If Christie's so smart, why is he facing another investigation today?
Do you actually fight if you join the army at 17 ??
True or False, If a Catholic votes Democrat, then he or she is not a real Christian?
Why do Republicans keep bringing up the Benghazi episode and Fast & Furious when...?
As a leader in the GOP..... why is Paul Ryan kissing Eric Cantors @$$ for Israel .... &... did nothing for WI?
Whats life like as an army chef?
Essay on foreign policy for class, what do you think of mine in case I were POTUS?
My sister is 17 years old in nebraska and has a bf thats older...?
Can police make you open your home door?
Why am I so nervous to meet with a recruiter?
The Florida Department of Revenue is trying to lower my child support.?
if you were part of the establishment and it was a horrible life why trust it ? is it going to be anything but?
What should I wear to my boyfriend's navy A school graduation?
Why do Catholic Christians especially in the Northeast vote Democrat?
Why is it racism to criticize 0bama?
Why did Obama shut down the Washington Bridge, and then framed Chris Christie?
Are there any RINOs, Eisenhower, Moderate, Progressive, or Rockefeller Conservatives in the Republican Party?
Can I bring my Xbox One to Air Force Basic Training with me?
Hair in the marine corps?
Reasons Why the U.S. should have Stronger gun control laws?
Why are L!berals so intolerant of people who disagree with them?
Going to Mexico to buy booze underage?
I got a speeding ticket from a female officer but she put \James\ as officers name. Can I fight this?
If a priest personally chose to break the sanctity of confession, could you prevent the court from hearing him?
How should I ask the judge for the maximum amount of time in my eviction hearing coming up?
Question about a social security hearing?
why do they always say social security etc eat up funds, but never mention oil depletion and foreign aid t we?
Air Force Officer vs. Enlisted?
What can a police officer do with their police car?
Why are L!berals so intolerant of Christians?
Should I Sue The Board Of Ed?
What is a modern US military career like?
When you debate a L!beral how fast does it become obvious that common sense isn't very common?
Did Gabby Giffords tarnish her legacy by living?
Can I call the police on someone for these kind of verbal assaults:?
what are the legal rights of a minor?
do you think this section is too racist or not?
can anyone name three things that make the mongol army self-sufficient?
My step son got caught shoplifting…...?
Am I pretty much screwed?
Is ted cruz a male version of sarah palin?
What is the first warning Washington gives to the people in his farewell address?
Why would Mike Hucakbee and Allen West make the most strategic sense for the GOP in 2016?
Is Steven Seagal really going to run for governor of Arizona?
i earn an average of £1900-£2000 a month after tax. my husband(british cutizen) lost his job four months ago a?
What is the Pakistani economy known for?
If Democrats controlled the House and Senate in 2016 and if Christie was President, what are the chances?
Why do you believe ted cruz will never be president?
If living in poverty is made comfortable and easy then what is the incentive to work?
Was Sen. Rand Paul right to raise questions about Gov. Christie last November?
Why do \freedom loving\ cons\ try to impose \healthy\ marriages on people?
What's the difference between a prison warden and a prison governor?
my husband was absconding from parole i turned him in how much time will he get?
Did Chris Christies pay his family to star in the ads he funded with the Sandy Relief funds?
Is Rand Paul the new front runner for the Republican nomination after Bridgegate?
i need records for me when i was in the orphanage?
why is this site reputable?
when you are on tag how many times can you change address?
Does the US congress remind you of something that is covered in bloodsucking ticks?
can a governer announce their candidacy before they turn 18 years old?
Sign over un-transferred title to another person (California)?
Do you drink the Tap Water?..or you from Virginia?
Are GOP voters distancing themselves from Chris Christies because he got caught or because he lied?
Do I need a student visa in this situation?
When can I file Harassment charges?
If the investigation into the illegal activities probes deeper and uncovers a systemic abuse of the law is it?
Is this a guaranteed loophole to get out of drug dealing charges?
If the 2016 Presidential Election were today who would you vote for?
Is it true that Jay Leno prefers Ted Cruz & the Pauls over most other GOP offerings?
any lawyers that can help me?
Why must there be a deadline to buy health insurance?
CA DMV Suspended my DL when i had an extension for a new court date?
If one needs to buy health insurance between March 31, 2014 & November 15, 2014 why can't they buy it?
Does the DMV in CALIFORNIA check for lawful presence via a system? Do they contact the immigration?
I fancy Edwina Curry?
Do you consider yourself xenophobic (at least slightly...)?
Should Democrats hope that Republicans nominate Ted Cruz or Rand Paul in the 2016 election?
Where is best place for my voice to be heard about government?Besides becoming a candidate.?
What do you consider legal murder/killing?
Who is behind the Christie Charade.?
If we shipped each Tea Party member history books would they know how to read them?
cease and desist letter help please!!?
Should there be a law that outlaws adoption?
Why all the different law-enforcement and \intelligence\ agencies...?....?
Can you send cigars/cigarettes to a military base overseas?
Is Detroit no longer part of the USA = worthless US govt refusal to step in to clean it up. Look @ video?
Why do cons hate single working moms?
Why is age/sex profiling ok, but race profiling isn't?
Future army wife, how will this effect my FASFA?
I'm 39 in the state of North Carolina, I was recently charged with misdemeanor larceny & fin. card theft?
Ideas on how to sell or not to lose money on properties in low income areas (no sec 8)?
Is the Military a Jobs Program?
Oh no! The White House worked WITH Christie?
Who is the current personal security officer of Farooq Abdullah ?
Is it funny how Republicans try to distract you from Bridgegate by pointing to their shiny Benghazi object?
Jobs in the marines, like army jobs?
what if that bridge in new jersey had collapsed?
would you use youtube if it was blue and facebook if it was red?
what is the sentence for absconding from parole in Kalamazoo Michigan?
Which cities in The USA have the most character architecturally speaking?
How much does NJ regret voting in the bully Chris Christies?
When will GOP not realize until very far right in the party compromise on immigration they will continue to lo?
Boss wont give me my check?
If it can be proven that the Trayvon Martin case was used by the US media to win the gun control battle?
Should marriage after a divorce be illegal?
Would Mitt Romney have made a good President?
in texas if not legally married can a woman you split up with after 8 years take half of your social security?
Can I sell my home-made trailers?
In this video HOW TALL does Trayvon Marton look .... Oh! the US media portrayed him as a skinny little cute?
Who is the best and worst governor in the US right now?
Can employers whip their underlings if they punch out before being told that the hard work is done?
How can the vast wealth inequality within the US be acceptable?
Proper way to post an ad to rent a room while avoiding \housing discrimination\.?
Where to mail a letter to a politician?
Does Chris Christies really think he's fooling Americans with his pack of lies?
Joining Airforce after high school?
About how many people will lose their insurance with the Obamacare employer mandate?
Why is Governor Brown suggesting new spending?
Is the christian coalitons considered a partisan or nonpartisan?
If a car salesman offers a price without speaking to management, is the dealership bound to honor it?
So Michigan ran a surplus on its budget?
Do greedy unethical corporate executives deserve their outrageous salaries?
does anyone else hate britain now?
What song makes you think of swooning over the great love of my life, Rush Limbaugh, like I do?
Can you get a restraining order because the person is ugly?
Are the elitists doing a good job at maintaining the staus quo, politically speaking?
Spraying another kid with caglone?
So to a democrat it's ok to let Elvis vote but not if he has to show an ID?
What do we get for 10 dollars.?
what is this company ENQUIRIES@LINEWERKZ. they contacted me with what said was a funeral notice?
State Street Global Advisors ?
What enrages are \liberal\ frenz the most about Walmart?
Is the legal system in the south chomping at the bit to excorsize capital punishment?
Why do so many liberals blindly support Hillary and want to hand her the DNC nomination on a silver plate?
Is it essential in politics to have eternal wrath when scorned?
Do gullible people often times become tricked by those that appreciate Obama?
Why is it always conservatives that are actually out trying to steal elections? Why do liberals try to win?
Has Greece become a third world country? How safe is it to travel there?
what are my rights in terms of possession and access?
Can someone make me pay without a police report?
US visa problem: because of passport address?
I am 18 years old being tried by the juvenile courts.?
Do I really need a doctor's excuse for work?
by which law is it legal for sites like google, yahoo, poker sites, etc. to ask for information such as name..?
Are single mother homes a symptom of poverty - or the cause ?
Why does the media keep reporting on Chris Christie's scandals?
So, did you like your insurance?
How can i get a replacement birth certificate for an adult adopted into the US from paraguay?
Making fun of someone who smells bad, Illegal?
Can you stay in New zealand after studying there?
Is \both Obama and Christie may be innocent\ the most unpopular phrase on YA! right now?
how would you change the present situation with the west bank and the arab countries?
Food Stamps Help Question?
Do you think the Republicans will ever nominate an honest person to be president of the United States?
what does it mean when judges usurp the legislative function?
should government expose restrictions on what kinds of foods can be served in a school cafeteria?
Is Hillary one of those gun control advocates for the UN Small Arms Treaty?
Can I get arrested? Please help!?
Married to an army soldier. How would my marriage be affected if I joined the Air force?
Should gay marriage be a states issue instead of a federal one?
What are some recommendations that a country can do to help the syrian refugees ?
If the Supreme Court decides a case based on substantive due process, it is determining ____.?
Why are people so rude on the internet?
How long until a court date in NJ?
IS IT THEFT IS THE PROPERTY WAS LEFTOVER 30 DAYS?
did congress pass the unemploment extension for 2014?
Is Detroit a third world city because the Republicans let the Democrats run it?
I agree with this Democrat. Shocked?
should i take birth control before shipping?
How do illegal immigrants actually cost the country money?
If gun laws shouldn't be changed or added then why are Republicans constantly changing voting laws?
Do you want the poor to be hard at work or have government relief?
i filed a motion to intervene in guardianship they file motion to strike?
As trust in national government declines, will faith and trust in local government increase?
Army wife living in college dorm?
Can i file RTI (Right to Information) for information from University, if I have doubt. please read full text.?
What would be a good campaign slogan for Chris Christie's presidential campaign?
Contracts as a minor now I'm in serious debt.?
what should i do my passport is about to expire with in one month? can i still renew it?
Why is Obama so neutral bordering on Conservative?
Would you support 3% of the defense budget going towards fighting poverty?
If free speech should not be b@nned for the irresponsibilities of the few why should guns?
Is cursing in public disorderly conduct?
ARMY NATIONAL GUARD RECRUITING QUESTION?
Is it legal for British ex-army to possess their sidearms? (British citizens please enlighten me)?
How to charge a cell phone in an M2 Bradley?
Did Reagan and Marget Thatcher get along so well because they both waged a war on the working class?
Who would you trust Obama or our Generals and Admirals?
Are we heading for world war....?
Since some people speak irresponsibly should free speech be b@nned?
what kind of court is traffic court? size? process?
Chosing the better leader or chosing the better party?
Neighbor Is DRIVING ME CRAZY!?
The guy I'm dating has been living in the U.S. illegally for 12 years.?
Is it true that when you work for the CIA, you can't tell anyone?
i have a great idea for an app but it is already similiar to a different app.?
replacement weapon to the standard firearm?
Is running away illegal in Kentucky?
how long is the vote going to take to get 2014 EUC?
why would god heal me just so i can spend eternity like this?
All experienced military answers please!!I am in DEP for the Air Force right now how can u change my ship date?
All experienced military answers please!!I am in DEP for the Air Force right now how can u change my ship date?
Libs, would you rather work with 100 people who speak coherent English, or 100 difficult to understand accents?
How did Fox News slip through the cracks, wasn't the FCC created to prevent this?
Liberals do you really think Democrats can save us?
So according to scientists, non-believers are smarter than religious people?
What is consider child abdonment by bio father?
Will Obama go back to Community Organizing after his Presidency?
License suspension help?
Can I join the Marines after I have been discharged from the Army?
Is it racist to discipline minority students - Eric Holder says it is?
How often are jurors selected for trials whilst waiting in the juror waiting room?
Is it illegal in the state of Ohio to let someone go after emergency surgery? Stating that they cannot keep?
Name some African countries that are allies with the USA?
Why didn't the media cover the IRS Scandal with the same voracity as 'Bridgegate\?
Has it ever been more obvious that the Main Stream Media is in the tank for the DemoComm Party?
I only asked if Alaska's 3 electoral votes worth being counted no need to be rude?
Are there some sunni people in the Syrian Army?
Was the ambassador killed in Benghazi married?
(UK) Someone pooed in my colleague's bag at work...?
Concern about photo booth application for mac OS X?
Has Obama made the USA a worse or a better place since he has been the Captain of the Ship?
Christie, with Obama's permission, (what) ?
Do you think America should allow anyone who wants to move to her?
Who do you believe played the greater role in escalating the Cold War, the Soviets or the US?
Does it bother or please Cons that corporations are our true masters?
Libs, do you think \World Dance\ should be a credible major?
Should President Obama split America in half geographically?
Is syria hiring mercenaries?
Weight loss for joining the military?
what should be done to better america?
how do I file a 'Sum Certain Judgement' in the state of Utah?
Will Obama impeach Christie to pave the way for a Hillary victory in 2016?
In the Canadian forces how long does it take for someone to get discharged once their contract it over?
Why are conservatives always looking at the world like they are enemies?
Why did Democrats fear Bush judicial appointees but today`s GOP is so \flexible\?
Is it a crime have to failure in life?
what does the law say about sterilisation of those who lack capacity to consent to such a procedure.?
if you were put in charge of america immigration what would your rules be? what would you allow and not allow?
18 food stamps child help?
Are Religions and Hollywood in the same business, promoting profitable fantasies for human consumption?
Home owner rights help?
can you get sent home from army reseption?
Which Political party do the Extraterresstrials support?
Inheritence of an immovable property?
Someone can help me about imigration?
Why does giving birth have to cost money?
Who else thinks the US should have nuked the Middle East after 9/11 leaving it an uninhabitable radioactive?
T/F: The Walmart employees who earn$50k+/yr are the ones you never can find during?
Am I narcissistic to think that I am more interesting than Rush Limbaugh today?
What is the biggest adversary from outside that America has ever feared and faced?
Why doesn`t the U.S. follow a socialist system that has succeeded, instead of experimenting?
Mailbox baseball: local police of FBI?
Can i become an Indian air navy pilot?
Is freedom really free?
Help please, bad aspects with my MC... how to deal with that?
If you get into an accident, can you be arrested if you accidentally left your wallet with your license home?
JCPenney schedule mixup?
laymans terms Liberal and Conservative?
I-751 Do we have enough evidence.?
Fracking could destroy Humanity?
Most bosses are conservative Republicans. Anyone surprised?
What would Republicans say if they regain control of the country and Democrats act like Republicans do now?
What does it mean when they are, or have been, pushing Hillary and Christie?
Why did the dems cost tax payers almost a trillion knowing it's high potential to fail, then ...?
Question related to RCAF and RMC.?
Traffic citation for driving without a drivers license in GA?
American moral Culture question 2: Would it be OK for Brad Pitt to marry Angelina's daughter Zahari?
Similairitie and differences between Coast Guard Port Security and Air force Security Forces?
I lost my ID is that bad?
Where do Walmart employees make $53,000 a year?
Will I need to pay a ticket?
Examples in literature where someone chooses freedom over security/safety?
Boyfriend being ripped off?
Who is the illuminati group of Ozark Missouri?
should I keep my ancestry a secret while in america?
Why would someone vote for Labour?
Why so many Acid attacks?
How is socialism similar to capitalism?
Which quality should an officer have, and why?
Studies now concluded , it's official - why does Obamacare provide...?
WHY does the press bash Christie over a TV tourism spot that cost $4 million yet give Michelle a pass on her?
Why is it when you sign up for Obamacare they don't ask you how how much you have in assets they only ask?
Waivers for debt access that are required by public housing recertification, are they legal?
How long will it take for the GOP to fold and fade away?
How can i know, my court merrige is officially regester or not?
How can I politely do this?
What would government be like if it had to turn a profit?
Are liberals to Wal Mart as unions were to Twinkies? You know the story, right?
rights of temporary custody of daugther?
my ex gf is stalking me on social media?
Is it illegal to knowingly allow people to harass someone?
Would you consider an Us Navy Sailor a warrior?
Can I plead NOLO for a speeding ticket?
The Examiner story on Walmart health insurance compares employees making $53k, is that common?
what is the lowest administrative unit of india according to 2011 census?
How to report University Police outside University?
Does a convicted murderer waive his right not to be subjected to cruel and unusual punishment when he inflicts?
what was the last battle of the american civil war?
Can I study and Immigrate to NZ or Australia?
If investigators can easily commit voter fraud, why do Liberals think no one is doing it?
In the political section: why does the poster pick the most disagreeable?
now that gay marriage is legal in my state do i have to specify that im married to a woman when people ask if?
British laws needed!?!?
is Chris Christie a person with an intellectual disability?
How do you feel about the now revealed Clinton list of so called enemies?
is it unlawful for a federal court not to inform a criminal defendant of his right to enjoy a speedy trial?
What is the \third way\ in American politics?
Will the military pay to move my family somewhere that isnt my duty station?
Do liquor stores legally have to sell to you if you are of legal age and clearly sober?
Why is the Canadian Visa policy so ridiculous and stupid?
Who is the DNC`s back-up candidate should the \feeling sorry for grandma Benghazi\ angle fail?
How americans win the war?
Need help with mail delivery, any suggestions?
Stepdad apparently being sued? What does this mean?
why do repuubs worship?
Why do cons never account for savings in a medical savings account when comparing it to other plans?
Which branch of the military should I join?
If Fox News doesn't have to reveal their sources?
My husband wants to retire he has 46 yrs. full time is 63 I am 63 will I be able to get half of his ssi if he?
how long will it take to renew a passport?
How do you feel about Wal Mart's excellent employee coverage which is also affordable.?
I met an amazing girl in vietnam and i want her to visit me in the uk.?
why do everyone hate Iran?
Can I get my cat back?
Have the Dream Police ever issued you a fine? If so, what was it for? Do they issue fines often?
Why don't Republicans discuss that insurance plans were dropped because they were junk plans?
Has anyone used the lemon law?
Why is the Iron Law of Economics eroneous?
how much it cost to get a license in florida?
Could President Obama learn a thing or two from Gov. Christie about how to address a scandal?
If Christies' office was a tight knit family why was he clueless on what was going on?
Is Dennis Rodman the new self-appointed ambassador of goodwill to North Korea?
Why do governments not realise money spent on weapons is not money well spent?
i got my ILR in nov.2013 my baby born in july 2012 does he register as a british citizen now ?
Should they hold hearing after hearing to get the truth out about Chris Christies' political retaliation?
Am I still allowed to be a RAF pilot?
How can I get to live in the usa without have to marry an american citizen?
Politics: Why do libs HATE successful businessowners, but like Rich Hollywood celebrities?
Who is responsible to pay a water bill for a running toilet?
Should I talk to an Air Force recruiter about Pararescue?
Should all corruption probes focus on Republicans and their corporate masters?
Is it possible to pass true Judgment, if one allows their Emotions to effect their Decision?
Ok no, but seriously. What is your first reaction to this picture of the president doing something he claims?
I n texas can we sue a collection?
Obama’s use of executive power is being reviewed by the Supreme Court today..?
Since the Politicians cannot create the jobs- Is it easier just to blame the poor and create scandals then?
Why don’t the Democrats just come out of the closet and Present the communist manifesto as their platform at t?
Was Kenneth Rodman's visit to N Korea to celebrate Kim Jong Un's birthday an act of?
Can't join the U.S Army?
If everything is Bush's fault, does that minimize Obama's legacy?
What happened to the great African kingdoms?
Why wouldn't it be better to increase disposable income among the poor?
Will the US soon return to a For-Profit Medicine model, which worked perfectly fine?
fracking in the uk brings money?
Franco Kasper said that one-third of the Sochi spending disappeared? why Russians are so permanently immoral?
Illegally towed in Fairfax, VA?
With all of the failed socialist policies of the Obama Cabal and the liberals, who with any brains would vote?
Why do Liberals think that Obama \ misspeaks \ but Christie \ lies \.......?
Since every Chris Chrstie question is really?
Is pressuring state officials to lie about Obamacare numbers the only tactic Democrats have left to defend it?
How to buy a property if one of the legal heir is mentally challenged?
traffic court in north carolina?
Proposition: We should do away with state courts and state laws. Instead, we should have one set of federal?
Will 2014 be even more entertaining for Obama than 2013?
In 2013 Obama set another new record for the # of Americans in poverty. Is this change we can believe in?
why are some states not allowed to buy ammo in georgia?
Where did liberals get the power to decide?
Republicans: if Christies is found guilty of misusing Sandy Relief funds, should he be impeached?
Will Obama ever admit \ I was responsible for what happened \ & fire an Aide like Christie did ?
Does a rising tide raise all boats? Do record profits mean raises and hiring?
where is suitable immigration system with family ?
Before Obama was the president, when was the last record high period of the DJIA? How soon did it crash?
Since the American legal process evolved from trial by combat, every trial is a form of legal combat, where th?
I reverse into a parking space in one way street?
Republicans: Do you agree with Christies using Sandy Relief funds for ads instead of helping Americans in need?
Isn't prison the ultimate liberal utopia? I mean,?
T or F: When the president is Republican, left wingers blame the president. When the president is Democrat?
Why did the US President and the Pope team up to fight Communism in the 1980s only to support it now?
Explain the provisions of the Wilmot Proviso and why it failed to gain Congressional approval in 1846.?
In Toronto the politicians stripped the dumba55 Mayor of all his powers, should NJ look into this immediately?
Can someone in Australia be sued by someone overseas for piracy?
Would Rand Paul make a good president?
Possession of LSD, 2nd offence, under 18. What will happen when I go to court?
What does 'actual address' imply?
Would it be fair to say that Anglo-Americans have born the brunt of Obama's policies?
forgot to ask a question at court about child support, now what happens?
State with the lowest per capita income in the U.S. suffers from unemployment and inequality?
Why is it that everyone but the GOP sees Chris Christies' political retaliation as an impeachable offense?
Lawyers and car accidents?
Lawyers and car accidents?
Cruz, Christie, Paul, McTurtle, Boehner....are you going to need 400 million reasons to vote Republican?
do the feds scare you?
Where to find past Gallup Polls?
Karen Hudes says 40% of US taxes go to the UK for war reparations from 1812.why is there no wiki article on?
Will I be charged a hit and run?
Wh do Republicans dish out so much Criticism of the President but cant take any, Is this a sign of weakness?
my mom wants me in my baby on her taxes in other selfish things help?
Who will win the second american civil war?
Don't Liberals understand that it's Big News when the GWB DOESN'T back up.......?
Confused on my political stand point?
Don't liberals understand that Christie is not widely accepted by the cons?
Can a government officer himself change his first written order?
Are you allowed to make racial accusations if your screen name is the Black Bolshevik with an avatar of?
Did Fukushima give those who promote nuclear power pause?
Josef Stalin in 1960's?
Why can't conservative politicians keep their hands out of the cookie jar?
How come the progessives are actually living in the past with failed socialist ideas from the 1700's?
Can I get in trouble for sending a explicit picture?
POLITICS: Why do kids/teen love sex ?
In the State of Florida, a family member walks into the bank and steals over $20,000 from me(we had a joint ac?
Is there even ONE jury in Virginia that would find \Freedom Industries\ guilty of ANYTHING?
How come no blacks ever adopt a white child, are they racist?
Can you get in legal trouble for being in a car with underage drinkers? We're all 18 or older.?
I have personally been called out as one of the most close minded posters on YA who combines ignorance/apathy?
Why can't Doctors find Insurance Coverage on their patients enrolled in Obamacare?
Why do Libs over-regulate + over-tax businesses & then wonder why businesses aren't expanding & hiring?
Of these four, which is the best reason to evict Senate Democrats in 2014?
Why do liberals think abortion is just another form of birth control?
Do you think Barack Obama should pardon Chris Christie before he is charged with a crime?
People who say that deregulation and lack of government involvement was the cause of the housing crash?
i have a military pension buyout can i claim it in my bankruptsy?
Got homophobic abuse from soilders?
What Issues Exist Locally . StateWide & Internationally For Women?
Can I claim my father's property, being British Citizen?
Difference between, Slander and Defamation of character?
Why do REPUUBs blame only the mother for unwed/unwanted pregnancies and abortions?
is it possible to warn american consulate that someone will stay illegal in USA?
Is it possible for a teenager to be charged with \Truancy\?
Reasons against bringing Capital Punishment to the UK?
Should Abortions only be allowed if the mother is white, wealthy and able to comfortably travel out-of-state?
What do they call remedial PT now?
Does the Federal Government still manipulate the states with the threat of infrastructure financing withdrawal?
What kind of tickets might someone get for sleeping in their car with open container?
Why do liberals love regulations and hate small businesses?
Don't women get more abortions because now you allow the child given up for adoption to hunt them down?
why is the left proud of obama's accomplishments?
I am 25 and want to join the Royal Navy as a Logistics Officer, what are my chances?
Army Guys please help me (India)...?
When are liberals going to stop drinking the Koolaid?
Why is the USDA partnering with the government of Mexico to tell Mexicans how to get U.S. food stamps?
If 60% of the US GDP is Wall Street trading paper promises back and forth, should Wall Street hire one more?
Why do leaders need their followers to be united?
If we had a basic income, where would the money come from?
Is there anything I can do?
Whats the diffrence Between an American Conservative and Canadian/European Conservative?
How would you delegate a task and why?
How would you delegate a task and why?
Will my brother go to prison for taking £60 from his employer?
Should we turn to a gift economy to end the cycle of poverty?
Which is the best law firm in New York?
Democrats: do you think it was right to spend millions of taxpayer dollars to advertise food stamps in Mexico?
What is a Deed of Declaration?
Did Conservatives praise Pres Obama for signing a bill that restored funding to families of fallen soldiers?
Why is it that when I clicked on a question by a conservative the top advertisement was for dementia care?
American morality culture question: Why are Arnold and Angelina immoral but Julia Roberts OK.?
Military 'weeding out' unessiceries, Good thing or bad?
Am I a winner if I have hundreds of bottled waters in our basement despite the turmoil in WV?
Do Republican women hate that Pres Obama signed a law that would protect them against pay discrimination?
Republicans: Do you think it was right for Christie to spend $7 million of Sandy relief money on a campaign ad?
Why can't we all be economically equal since we are all equal in a legal sense?
If Hillary and Michelle Obama were elected to President would Bill and Barack have to share the?
I was on holiday I caused some damage to the hotel room, can I get in trouble even though I'm back home?
Can my friend do anything?
Isnt it a Contradiction for Conservatives to bring up Lincoln while waving Rebel Flag?
Does the Tea Party think that funding the Violence Against Women Act is 'out of control spending'?
Neighbor problems and driveway problems?
Is there a Sniper troop within the SAS and SBS?
What is the purpose of vietnam war ?
Should I always carry a pocket watch in my car so I can hypnonise any police that pull me over?
Do Right Wingers think that boosting the Veterans Budget is wrong?
Which state is considered as the gayest state?
If Israelis want peace, Why do they keep building illegal settlements on Westbank and Ghaza?
When will incest become legal in New Jersey?
Why do Jersey boys share their wives?
Did CIA overthrown the First Democratically elected Govt in Iran?
What causes the divide between liberals and conservatives?
Ideas on how to sell or not to lose money on properties in low income areas (no sec 8)?
Do Republicans think that expanding college access for millions of young Americans is wrong?
Can someone hire an assassin to kill themselves?
How does the 83 federalist paper apply to modern day government?
Who will the Republicans choose as their VP in 2016? Lady Gaga or Katy Perry?
When will the bitcoin crash?
i am on extended super vision and want to know if they can extend it longer for having arrears in my fees?
Did Chris Christies' political retaliation (road closures) give him another notch in his GOP belt?
If Hillary convinces Michelle Obama to be her running mate will they be guaranteed a victory in 2016?
Is it still a good time to join the Military ?
Do these men look like typical left wingers?
Why do pro life americans debate about rape pregnancies when abortion on demand is legal?
Is mass third world unassimilative immigration, and their voting rights,a greater threat to Europe than Nazism?
Is there an additional Visa Charge after the 2ND Notice of Action paid to the US Embassy in the Phillipines.?
I just saw where people are accepting bitcoins in payment for real estate. Is this the end of taxation?
If i was the SMA, what would you tell me to change for the better good of the Army?
Is forced multiculturalism healthy for first world, prosperous nations?
How long before Iran Nukes Israel? Then what will Obama do?
how do I get over child abuse-even taken to court!?
what do you call a person who supports the democrat or republican party?
who is the best politician in India currently?
I am U.S citizen and I work out side the US and my wife is green card holder can she stay with me more than 6?
Why are 10 Millionm fewer people working now than when Obama took office?
Seeking for a work opportunity in UK?
difference of social security system and employees' compensation commission?
Is it correct to call citizen who supports the democrat party a Democrat?
David Cameron why only 9 jobs for every 10 people?
Seeking for a work opportunity in UK?
Do military officers have particular 'social' training?
if america will fall, then what is the main reason?
how do you get accused at the mall for stealing and you were not your friends were?
how long will i have my visa and leave for the states, my pd is current,from the Philippines. unmarried son?
Is George Soros the mastermind behind the cycle of globalization?
Are doctors required to report suspected abuse?
K-1 Visa, 129 F Asking information of 2ND NOA?
How much wealth has George W. Bush gained from the war on terror? like 7 billion dollars?
Will Mike Vanderboegh be next on Hillary Clintons Hit List?
Can someone on Social Security survivors benefits be forced to pay child support?
Brazilian wife and me English citizen applying for spouse visa to the UK from Brazil?
Working holiday in Canada?
Do you find out if you have traffic violations when pulled over?
If during an arrest if you ask them to read you your rights do they have to? Even if not being questioned?
can I sue my boss for discriminating me and being judgemental towards me ?
The governor of West Virginia is a Democrat. Will he be blamed for the chemical spill, like Christie was?
Isn't it true most of politics and wars are about the control of resources?
Why does the Liberal Left want to Infringe on 2nd Amendment Rights by claiming 'Gun Safety'?
Why aren't there any Top Contributors in this section who are people of color?
what is the maximum number of times your allowed to leave the british army and re-join?
jury duty question please help?
Just revealed last night, Hillary Clinton is keeping a list of people she feels did her wrong?
Shouldn't Dems get rid of Christie and put another Goldman CEO in Jerseys governorship and our white house?
Why did Richclass Corporate Cons poison the well so to speak?
Did anyone ask Robert Gates about Bush's strategy --- $3 trillion wars to get Iraqs imaginary WMDs?
Why do left wingers ask to extend unemployment benefits, even while bragging about all the job creation?
With the labor force at a 35 year low does the rate of unemployed reflect reality in the USA?
The judge has made a decision for me to recieve ssi how long will it be after she signs off on the decision?
Going Court for shop lifting?
What is Obama's primary motivating factor?
When to contact a recruiter?
what id do we need for a council place?
Why do many people deny that millions of armed citizens would be very helpful in an extreme situation?
what id do we need for a council place?
Is the Cracker Barrel only for White people?
will any british people vote for the lib dems at the next election?
Am I obliged to conform with legislation? (UK)?
Tell me a reason why i should not vote for AAP?
A little to late that the world is just learning about how corrupt Saudi Arabia is?
How long does it take for a person to settle in prison?
Who is liable for the cancellation fee in this situation?
Why does Fox News whim on whatever Obama does?
(legal advice) Me and 2 other friends stole a car?
Will AAP bring Utopia if victorious in Lok Sabha elections?
How many millions will Michelle Obama's birthday party cost us?
Should mexico acquire nuclear weapons in order to protect themselves in case of another U.S invasion?
How is Obama a communist?
Politically Speaking: Have you ever had your Freedom Fries \Animal Style\?
Could Black Holes force us to abandon all our beliefs?
Are many men in the military Casanova types?
Which US President was a better Economist FDR or Calvin Coolidge?
Why does the Democratic Party make so much noise but does nothing to help the Black Community?
How to apply for working visa in Australia?
Are you not a true Liberal until you have accused someone of Racism, Chauvinism, Greedy Capitalism, etc?
What does bill tell the secret to success is?
A woman accuses a man of having touched her sexually. No witnesses. What do the police do?
Which political party can win the 2014 lok sabha election ? Who will be the PM ?
Do Republicans believe in Tax Free Zones?
Can constant rejection turn you into a pedo?
Why are Indians acting like Bhukkads or greedy?
What do u feel about ariel sharon's death?
In order to subscribe a military phoning you need to remit a refundable fee (250usd) . is it true?
Why is Deblasio so intent on getting rid of the Horse drawn carriages?
What would happen if in court i plead guilty for a GBH charge, then was a witness for the prosecution? UK?
Do you think he could be our next Black President in 2016?
School absences will they warn me before I miss to many days?
Eviction notice summary?
Has anyone ever tried calling HM Revenue and customs ?
i want to know about the case sap my case?
Is it illegal for an employer to tell a journalist the age of their employees?
Is the US goverment lying to us about Native Americans?
Why does the US goverment still have Native Americans on Reservations?
Why does the CIA have drug ties it they are supposed to be the good guys?
Are Obama and Putin best buddies now? What's like their connection with each other?
Why do Liberals and Race baiters keep exploiting the Black Community and abusing their trust?
getting wrong calls from international numbers.... i m scared?
Is Congress still too racist to tackle Immigration Reform?
Who will ultimately win the Syrian civil War?
How do you feel about the military conducting rice fungus as a biological weapon?
Should the TEA Party rename themselves the Let Them Eat Cake Party?
how to give suggestions to agri ministry?
how long this passport number :A01008907 can enter China?
Why should America speak one language, when it can be bilingual, trilingual, or more? It stops bigotry dead?
Should I get at least $2,500 a month on my EBT Card?
I want to know the real reason for the breaking out of Korea War.?
Have people gotten prosecuted for downloading movies from websites like sockshare/putlocker?
If our military is so great why do they have to hire contractors for everything?
Why is it like Cons are only for social welfare programs when it earns them a vote on the dependencies back?
Why is the United States the only nation in the world that doesn't see fit to protect its borders?
Why is Obama not given credit for getting rid of Syria's chemical weapons without firing a single bullet?
what does it mean when an inmate release project date changes to none?
why would they cencor the bodies of the newtown shooting victims with all the b.s evidence...?
Should we sue for our daughter?
Which news websites do you find to be most factual?
is it easier to get a german visa if me and my boyfriend will get married first here in the philippines?
is nagarsevak a gazetted officer?
Why does a plane stealth bomber cost as much as 10 sky scrapers?
What demographic/s would benefit and hurt the most under Obamacare aka Affordable Care Act?
Should we reintroduce forced labour and torture in prisons?
Can i change my info in my birth certificate?
How much would it cost to have a body from 1997 exhumed in order to have it cremated?
Is Mexico taking back southwest which was stolen from them?
Who has recieved more welfare the people or the military?
WHAT IS THE DIFFENCE B/N ASLUM AND REFUGE OUTSIDE USA?
If one were to marry a US Green Card holder, what are the permissions required to employed in the USA.?
what will happen to me over my fine?
Police related jobs at 19?
Can one qualify as a barrister without a degree?
Why do Republicans bring up the military so much?
Would this be illegal?
Why are Cons begging the Supreme court to make lying legal?
Will a 42A be able to take combatives or airbourne?
If I'm 19 and my partner is 16 is it illegal to date?
why usa govt ask their troops to shoot usa veteran who demand their rightful dignity? bonus army.?
Can an emancipated minor be a bartender?
FRACKING ......The French people speak - \NO FRACKING\ ...THE >?
Cons act like bossy little kids why is that?
Do you'll believe tat indians need good politics or anything more?
Why is it \cool\ when a black guy leads the USA but \uncool\ when whites led South Africa?
Why is Ireland excluded from the \five eyes\ club of Anglosphere nations?
In case of WW3 will India be able to defend herself w/o getting compromised to a superpower like US or China?
Is it \statist\ to support immigration laws and a secure border?
getting married to someone in another country..?
Are the 68er Babyboomers really trying to kill our beloved United States Republic?
Do you think rap is killing society. how to stop this abomination?
Do Republicans care about people?
I liked my plan. I did not keep it. Why do I feel lied to?
Would Chris Christie be able to get up to answer a 3am phone call?
Can i study in UK with a working visa is granted?
Will Chris Christie's next job be Chairman of the New Jersey Turnpike Authority?
Is it by law that the U.S. can't have another military draft like they did for Vietnam?
What do you think about the movie Lone Survivor?
why do lots of pro life americans still debate about rape pregnancies when abortion on demans is legal?
Can I get a Vietnamese Passport?
I need to meet Shri. Narendra Bhai Modiji Urgently on an important matter someone pls help.?
Why is obama using the U.S. military to train Al Queda in Lybia?
Why do conservatives oppose gay marriage?
Will Russia go to war with Saudi Arabia?
Is Rand Paul a conservative or a libertarian?
92million unemployed....where are the \shovel ready\ jobs obama lied about?
Do convicts go to prison right after sentencing?
What are the chances of GOP victory in the 2016 election?
What is going to happen ?
What does part time national guard do?
Would you rather have George Bush jr as the President right now?
Are soldiers who are killed awarded the purple heart posthumously?
What will the next presidential election look like?
will my parents find out?
Should the Main Applicant go with the dependents?
My dad found my bong and weed?! Help?
My dad found my bong and weed?! Help?
My brother got arrested and charged over counseling for depression?
Can I join the military with a simple assault charge expunged?
Can my employer stop scheduling me?
Is political extremism becoming an issue in America?
Is the government a corporation?
If someone buys a private island, what country is it part of?
Should Obama get a 3rd term? Why not?
With Islam as the religion of peace, is the Democratic party the party of the people?
Politics: How is Obama now?
Was I sexually assaulted?
Do you think you are smarter than Obama?
Law question regarding Property?
I need to meet Shri. Narendra Bhai Modiji Urgently on an important matter someone pls help.?
How long before weed is 100% legal (like alcohol) in America?
Who was a fault is this death?
is Obama sending his rapper and basketball friends to North Korea?
Banned from Kohl's for shoplifting question? Trespassing?
I was born at home in lee co va. and need a va. state birth certificate?
what to do if i lost my expired passeport and cant bring it to the naturalization interview?
Why isn't Obama manly like Putin?
Is it time for the British People to use their vote and not sit at home?
Why do Cons keep hoping Benghazi is rife with scandal, when it's been proven that it's a GOP?
can i wear a bandana with my bdu?
Are India and China allies of the USA?
What is a good teaching style for math in the urban direction?
can a 16 year old kiss a 24 year old?
Who do you think is behind the target controversy?
How to deal with political militants in my region?
why is Kim Jung Un always portrayed as a child in political cartoons?
If you were to serve four years in any branch of the military, which branch would you serve in?
i stay in malaysia since april 2012.my tourist visa expire 19 june 2012. now i m overstay,i coming from dhaka.?
Civil demand letter from walmart?
Why was boss being unfair?
Why do people still like Obama?
What are some Native American inventions?
should the NSA be snooping on the citizens of america?
Domestic violence (will he change while in jail)?
Was obamacare actually supposed to succeeding?
Does the copyright fair use extend to references?
Politically speaking, aren't billionaires like Bill Gates, the Koch Bros, and Michael Bloomberg too rich?
What's the appeal of asian girls?
if your mos is infantry where do you get deployed?
H2B visa from UAE to USA?
Why isn't America a dictatorship or monarch yet?
Can you work multiple careers in the CIA?
What is a bench warrant?
Why are you interested in law enforcement?
Time bar of 4 yrs has passed with bar what now about $10000 paid to lawyer never going to court.?
Does America tend to place too much emphasis on the wealthy corporations?
class action lawsuit against a slumlord?
Can you get deployed a lot in the Army National Guard?
is legal from a company send my drug test result to my house whith out autorotation?
i want to see one chart with picture indian prime ministers and president also some words about independence?
Why don't liberals start businesses?
where is basic training if you're in new york for the army?
How do you get a misdemeanor expunged from your record in Georgia?
Would this be illegal?
need help about my criminal and getting a register nurse license?
Is the jury still out on whether Chris Christie is a bully?
Who do you want to run for president 2016?
My uncle was in World War 2...?
Has anyone of African descent ever stepped on the moon?
Why can't we have Obama decide how much everything costs and how much people make?
difference between 82nd airborne and 101st airborne?
Legal opinion under TN MV Act?
Left unchecked, would the invisible hand strangle us?
What are/would be your grandparents' primary social issue?
How do assault settlements work, when given to a minor?
does this sound possible?
When is the Bnei Bnai Criminal Racketeering going to stop?
Why is it that cons think they can pay their low standard of living workers $7.50, but mine need $25?
has the white race been held back because its just too advanced?
Whats a lucky number of convictions?
are liberals really that ignorant where they believe the rich dont earn their money?
What should I be looking at? Juvie? Community Service?
Wrongly accused of child abuse. Could i sew?
Why isn't the tax rate the same for both the middle and upper class?
If its well known that millions more will get their insurance canceled when the employer mandate kicks in?
was ww2 basically a white war amongst themselves?
How do the police work out if someone is truant?
Do you suppose libs dislike the constitution because it was written to give more rights to the States?
What should I do in this scenario?
Is Planned Parenthood a Liberal conspiracy to get kids addicted to sex?
Why is having sex underage illegal?
how many bedrooms would I be entitled to?
my rights to sue if any...?
why does America need a mass, militarized police force when you could just own a gun and take care of yourself?
Was Robert Gates book criticism or praise of President Obama; IMO, it is praise?
A Bill to Make United States Social Security Viable?
I was pulled over Sept. 26th, 2013 for driving on a suspended license....?
Do you think conspiracy theories blind people from the real issue right in front of them?
In what US state is it legal to obtain a full auto gun?
Consider,If Obama and Putin remain president of their countries for next 10 years, would the tables be turned?
Opinions, thoughts, advice etc. on McDill AF Base? Good areas to live?
do they still give the smallpox vaccination in the Military ?
What can I do if a website took my picture of me and my daughter (2yr)?
Im a U.S. citizen and im in the phillipines 21 years since im a baby, what can i do to go back to us?
will i be able to make a lawsuit and sue over this?
I don't think I'm capable of fitting in with all the American gals and lads.?
Do liberals realize we could eliminate every single social program and it would be constitutional to do so?
Why do left wingers ask to extend unemployment benefits, even while bragging about all the job creation?
Are Benghazi-ists the new birthers?
Would a contract with America II: to impeach 0bama, work for the tea party in '14?
I am a divorced mother of 4 between the ages of 12-16, am I able to join the Navy Reserves?
can i get money back for taxes at the age of 17?
Does illegal immigration a benefit or a drain on the government's resources?
if you support the troops, why do you elect people who send them to die?
Can you still work out with a SEAL mentor while you are in college, or do you have to wait until after college?
Why do Liberals deny Jesus was a Conservative voting capitalist?
we have a slow growth economy. so shouldn't we continue to extend jobless benefits?
Emancipation question (California law)?
tea party, how do u feel about chris christie giving obama a big hug?
is this illegal?????
Emancipation question (California law)?
Emancipation question (California law)?
How does Thomas Hobbes influence us today?
Can I be promoted to captain in the marines in the initial four-year active duty contract?
Why did Obama just cause a SWA Boeing 737 to land at the wrong airport? Impeach now?
Are Liberals jealous because Fox News is the official news channel of Jesus...?
jesse ventura picked howard stern as his running mate. no one else would do it?
Why is it that Obama has been in office for 5 years and his followers think hes never lied?
For those of you that watch the mentalist! Is the cbi a real job?
can I get in trouble for this?
Will you vote for Jesse Ventura for president in 2016?
tea party, did u know net part time jobs have fallen since jan. 2010?
Why is California so damn ghetto now?
Why do conservatives hate the poor?
hello all. my husband is going to try to become legal. need some help.?
Bros, if heterosexuals would just stop having gay children, would that solve all the gay issues?
My question has to do with persons of interest or suspects.?
Tehsildar office in Bangalore ?
Do ppl that ask 200 word questions think anybody actually bothers to read all 200+ words?
Is this rape please help?
How could anybody tell if the traffic jams on the G.Washington Bridge were natural or deliberately?
What are the statues of limitations in Ohio?
Is this illegal for someone to do?
what's the chances of getting out?
tea party, did u know small business has been hiring like crazy?
Should I get a degree in Accounting or Criminal Justice?
what is the name of the event when the president addresses the nation every Sunday (i believe)?
can i get a letter stamprd from a different year?
can i get a letter stamprd from a different year?
I hate this type of person?
I lost my ipod how can i contact the police about it?
Are conservatives OK with the fact that most corporate executives \earned\ their money unethically?
Did you find it comical when you hear that US had a traffic jam scandal?
why nowadays american people vote on rhetoric rather than policies?
Transportation officer vs. Motor transport operator?
what happened with all the global warming jokes?
the last jobs report was not good. so shouldn't we approve extended jobless benefits?
Are there any laws Against Gaming Servers abusing Donators?
Why is it 50 degrees here in Iowa, in January?
Now that pot is getting legalized?
Are Marine Expeditionary Units apart of the Marine Divisions or just Marine Expeditionary Forces?
Paying taxes as a teen?
Politics people, please tell me if you think this song from the 70s is good or not.....?
Can an USNA graduate join the Peace Corps as part of their active duty service?
First 26 weeks of unemployment in NY?
Can he get in trouble?
can my divorce lawyer force my abusive spouse to be stationed further?
should we not refer to the tea party as teople?
I want to become an officer in the USAF, but I'm not sure what career would be best for me?
Is there such thing as a strong center candidate?
Why does Obama only mention blacks and whites in 'A More Perfect Union'?
Is this enough to satisfy them?
Benefits of Dictatorships?
Can a mother keep the father away from the child?
Can I file a lawsuit against a municipal?
Why do Muslims hate Jews?
Afraid to enlist into the Marines because im skinny.?
Why are conservatives never outraged by excessive corporate executive salaries?
Why all the enemies to china is the best friends to western?
Army MP taser training?
my son has a residence order in his favour, can the police help him, his ex has refused to hand the child over?
I'm 80% disable. Can I transfer my post 911 education benifits to my wife?
What should I expect if I go to court?
females getting away with crying 'rape' in Delaware?
First Amendment Violation in School Handbook.?
give me one reason we shouldnt abolish the IRS and just go with a flat tax, no exemptions, no loopholes?
i submit my application to canada as permanent residents skilled trade to the embassy canada manila...?
What is the average processing time from filing I-130 till obtaining the visa in hand?
Does the military know if you have any previous drug abuse history (weed)?
Are the people in jail for pot possession in Colorado free now?
In the next recession that will start in 2014 will liberalism/Keynesianism be put in its place as failures?
why do people like to advertise their political position?
Why do liberals consider Ben Carson and Allen West to be \uncle toms\?
Please tell me whether you think this an good song....?
I thought it was against regulation to smoke people in the military for minor offenses?
I thought it was against regulation to smoke people in the military for minor offenses?
What is the current MAXIMUM bonus in the Air National Guard for non-prior enlisted folks?
Can a 16 year old work as a maintenance guy?
Should Idaho get it's own Las Vegas like city for Seattle residents?
why usa govt could commit rape on indian female diplomat in such high profile publicity?
Am I fit for the Marines...?
Is The Asvab hard? (NAVY)?
overstaying e2 visa as a minor?
What do Republicans think about a Ben Carson/Allen West 2016 presidential ticket? Would you support them....?
Am I legally entitled to a refund?
Is there age limit for F2B visa?
a guy punched me, in a bar and i needed stitches.?
How do you get out of a copyright complaint?
Why do conservatives complain about having to pay taxes?
Why did MSNBC use 17x more airtime in 1 day for bridge gate than in 6 months for the IRS Scandal?
How many pilots per plane does the US air force have?
Are students going to recieve a \bailout\?
I need someone I can ask stupid military questions to?
I live in texas and I wanted to know if I was approved for unemployment benefits how long does it take after?
help PLEASE help. political question?
PLEASE READ!!!!! Is there any way for this to happen?
what does it mean when a cop tells you, your \reported\?
Is \sedation dentistry\ quack psychiatry practiced by dentists?
please please help. political question?
Is my grandmother a U.S. citizen?
How are minimum wage workers supposed to move up if they can hardly pay the bills?
I am from America can I marry a woman in Canada and bring her to America if she is on work permit in canada?
17 years old and got my 2nd speeding ticket, will I loose my license?
Why did Hillary Clinton say \What difference does it make?\ In regard to the Benghazi Attack?
Copyright - 2014 Money Map Press, LLC. The Money Map Press is a publishing company that does not act as a pers?
I believe in secular gay marriage how about you?
Questions about the Canadian Air Force?
Wouldn't you like to be like the first Saudi King and have 45 sons?
How long does it take to become a civil surgeon after combat medic training.?
How difficult is it for 2 Americans to live and work in Europe for a yr?
How to become a Navy SEAL????
Is this section any different during a week before election day?
Do you see the Ice Tower propaganda now?
How long can I stay in America?
Do you make an effort to buy American made goods?
Saw my teacher naked on omegle, what to do?
Hydroplane ticket- how do I fight this?
how long an administerative processing takes?
Is this part of military? Can I use this symbol in conjunction with a project of my own and copyright it?
nys doc inmate mugshots for free?
What would it take for Earth to unite under one banner?
Can this person enlist in the army?
Has Senator Mark Udall's bullying tactics over Obamacare moved him to the top?
Am I a Republican or Democrat or something else?
what part of the military has the best Special Forces and Special Operations Forces?
Giuliani Uses Benghazi Comparison To Defend Chris Christie. Your thoughts If so, why or why not? What say you?
what US military force has the best intelligents unit?
Is chris christie guilty?
Can I enlist in the Air Force?
Why is it a rare occasion when Obama accepts blame & when he does he dismisses it's severity 5 min later?
Why do cons react with derision at the idea that working people \deserve\ more of their own money?
Which job is better in the army, 21E or 91b?
Liberals, Why does it take 30 cops to take down one man who was in a high speed chase in Los Angles?
Who is stronger Soldiers or Marines?
Would you date Someone who gets Social Security checks ?
Does UNICEF pay to air commercials?
Will JROTC really help for joining army?
Long term prison life in UK?
why do liberals support illegal immigration, and conservatives are against it?
Why can't I find studies on the effectiveness of oral sedatives in dentistry when they are wildly popular?
Is becoming a corpsman a hard job to get in the navy?
Who released the water from the chatahoochee to florida?
Question about prominent Catholics....................?
Can a Gym Charge Me For My Mom's Debt?
How will people move society from corporatism to economic justice and economic democracy?
Has normal behavior become criminalized?
how many illegal Mexicans do you think are in the United States?
All about high school ROTC?
Liberals - what should the marginal and effective tax rates be for every income level?
All about high school ROTC?
what if we had a 100% flat tax?
If you worked for a Governor with a real bad temper, would you do things without his permission?
How to improve underwater swimming for USCG Rescue Swimmer fitness test?
navy detailer question!?
How long it takes to be Saskatchewan Resident?
Do you believe that too big to fail is too big to leave in private hands?
What do I do if I forgot jury duty a few months ago?
What does my Political Compass Score label me as?
Democrats if everyone lost their jobs, or?
Wouldn't battleships still be useful in an amphibious assault to provide fire power?
Can I get in trouble for sexting on \kik\?
Will the Recruiter Always tell me about Enlistment Bonuses?
Why are we so afraid of China?
I wanna go into the Air Force. I need some info because the recruiter wont email me back. HELP?
If we were ever invaded and they disabled over half of our military, would the liberal states fall the easiest?
do liberal know their central planning and Keynesian ideas are going to put them down in history as idiots?
When to Sign up for Army Ranger RASP?
Is there anything wrong with my opinion?
Fellow Republicans: Do you support the 3 counties in Arizona that have formally censured?
Democrat voters: Who do you want to nominate for President in 2016 ?
why would obamacare be unconstitutional?
How many people know who Illinois US senate candidate Jack Ryan is, what he stood for?
Army Airborne - When do I Sign Up?
Illegally Possessing Alcohol!?
How to become a paramedic on a city fire department?
US Constitution- help finding details that supports a citizen's right to carry a concealed handgun?
Americans: How much do you pay in health insurance?
Enlist or ROTC which one should I choose?
Have you ever gone to jail/juvie?
Is it true Rand Paul wants to \repatriate\ African Americans to some US island holdings?
If someone asks to no something, is it illegal to say it?
Will Bill be back in the White House in \17\ as First Man?
Have you ever been to a high school reunion?
Should laws/rules be interpreted \strictly\ or \loosely?\ Why?
Should laws/rules be interpreted \strictly\ or \loosely?\ Why?
would you rather be president or a supreme court justice when you grow up?
Are liberals afraid of Sheriff Joe Arpaio's investigations of Obama's birth certificate?
can a country be first world country if it encompasses the same demographics of a third world country?
Is killing just killing?
How does sea duty work????!?
How is Paul Krugman credible in politics and in economics?
How can US be 1st world if it's got Third World Problems?
Did Bill Clinton have a good taste in cigars?
How to illustrate the 9th amendment (details inside)?
If Liberals \took\ economics in college and had applied it to real life, Would they be conservatives?
Why does the Army say I need 15 hours of college when I have a High school diploma?
Why does the Army say I need 15 hours of college when I have a High school diploma?
Do cons ever give any answers that aren't \But Obama\?
Is there a weaker poltical position in politics than Vice President?
Could I get exact bore sizes for military rifles in thousands, please?
What is the Government hiding from us?
Help applying for IEC UK??????
Can I emigrate with my son when his father's name is on his birth certificate but I am his sole guardian?
How is Canada compared to the US?
Met Police Special Constable Written exercise HELP?
Why was the last time the vice president took 2nd admendments remedies into his own hand?
Analyze the home-front experiences of TWO of the following groups during the Second World War?
Will Americans elect another crony supporting statist in 2016 or someone who represents American principles?
not sure on the laws of sex in the UK?
I scored a 48 on the asvab?
can i get a copy of my 1099G from edd on line?
How would people describe the following 5 US presidents?
Can I sue for Malpractice?
Can my boyfriend's mom look me up on Spokeo and use that information against me?
Legal Help in Florida Regarding Custody?
Why do right wingers on here seem to support cronyism instead of Capitalism?
Has the State and US financial institutions written off the middle class?
Politically speaking, does anyone really care about the Golden Globes?
quick question about entitlement ?
would a fed min wage of ten dollars cause an increase of illegals in the work place, since illegals would?
Am i entitled for jobseeker allowance?
Should we punish Republicans by making them go to a Mario Kart tournament?
Is abusive language protected by the US 1st Amendment?
Is it legal for a doctor office tech to give an injection to a patient?
Do you think Barack can count on Hispanic vote for the democratic party?
Why were the Freedom Riders necessary to bring the United States closer to a democracy?
Can a president be sent to court or trail?
is scotland an industrialized country?
If nothing is wrong with weed and getting stoned why have any legal restrictions at all on it?
how long does a liberal lie have to incubate on msnbc before it is assumed true by the majority of liberals?
AP examinations for legal aliens?
can my boyfriend claim me on his taxes?
Is an army electrician a soldier?
i am 50years olds .I re ver ssi permanent i dont have experience how can i apply for a job. is it easy to fi?
Can someone get back to the us with just alien registration number?
Can you be an anonymous bounty hunter?
Can you join the corps of army music with depression?
How can anyone defend Cronyism and want it when its wrong and goes against capitalism?
Is there any relation between immigration reform and CSPA?
Would you Please repeal this peace of @ Law (ACA) before Revolution becomes civil war?
whats worse - extreme left or extreme right?
Can i arrest someone for barring me of ever seeing my child?
Do Americans have any common sense any more?
How will immigration reform benefit family based petitions?
Why is the govorment makeing nuclear bombs, elekric guns but not feeding the hungry and dieing?
Against Gun Control. Debate in class?
Is it legal to make your minor child get a job and then confiscate their paycheck to support the family?
What is so bad about Capitalism?
Why do people become recruiters?
The deliberate traffic jam was inexcuseable, but was it anything new?
Law loopholes regarding private business?
What is the highest score ever shot by a marine at EdsonRange, Camp Pendleton, Ca?
Am i eligible for CSPA? If so How does benefit and what does it grant?
If I make a beat with Garageband, then sell it do I owe royalties/money to Apple?
Can a non-British (who recently was granted an ILR) apply for student finance?
Does Sears check for small misdemeanor?
want to be a powerful security guard?
What political Party best reflects my views?
Have you ever met someone who got arrested for driving while intoxicated? What happened to them?
What happened to Marin Luther King’s dream?
should i go on unemployment benifits?
Pakistani Citizenship?
Should EVERY elected official face a $10,000.00 Fine and 6 months time for erasing, an email or TXT, or voice?
Will there ever be world peace?
navy seals stationed?
What branch of the millitary does the missions?
Citizenship in canada!?
What do you think is in area 51, alies, UFO-s, flying pizzas?
When Christie's staff closed that bridge did a woman die on the way to the hospital?
Should the political opposition have the right to criticize a president's foreign policy?
How young do Muslim females have to be, to get married?
What do you think is in area 51, alies, UFO-s, flying pizzas?
When Christie's staff closed that bridge did a woman die on the way to the hospital?
Should the political opposition have the right to criticize a president's foreign policy?
How young do Muslim females have to be, to get married?
Why did Americans elect FDR for 4 terms even though he was a big government socialist?
What is the legalities of a Muslim man beating his wife and then a sex slave?
Do you ever sign petitions for a candidate or issue that you do not support?
Will I go to jail if I took an item by mistake without paying for it?
Can the nsa spy on us citizens?
Americans - Would you rather something be good or free?
Marine Corps 0317 (Scout Sniper MOS)?
Is it wrong to lie about one thing on a MEPS questionnaire form?
How many people were killed under the command of Ariel Sharon?
Was Hitler actually a Vegetarian?
Information on disorderly conduct?
What democrat nominee was a prior loser in a presidential primary election, and went on to be a presidential?
Why is it, the leading loser protential President canidate on the republican side is fat as hell 'Christi?
If I joined the navy and get into these jobs, will I have to go into war?
Could the u.s learn anything from Singapore?
Is Saudi Arabia a world role model of dealing with illegal immigrants?
Lliberals how can this be?
My brother lives in Florida and his charge is first probation violation on a third degree felony gun charge.?
Hypothetically speaking, how would I go about immigrating a 14 year old girl to canada?
What the attempt at black political empowerment achieve?
Sarah Palin: How ugly is she?
Is it illegal to drink alcohol in public (in england)?
Chris Christie fired Bridget Kelly for her role in the bridge scandal. When has Obama ever fired anyone?
What does the role of being a RAF personnel support officer consist of?
Do RAF gunners see action?
What is the best thing that will come about when white people become a minority in America in 25 years?
So, me and my ex boyfriend had a car in both our names and he let the vehicle go into default and it was repo?
why do minoritys hate white people is it because we invented the airplane?
I think my former co-worker just scammed me?
military drug test in 2 days... a bit worried?
What will happen to my disability if i get emancipated?
are barak and michelle smarter than jfk and his wife?
Survey: would you sign a petition to get an issue on the ballot, (and you agree with the issue)......?
could tom hanks become president?
USA Gun Laws - Someone Explain Registration?
How come C. Christy is being blamed for a woman driver at the bridge?
obama smoked pot and still got into really hard colleges to get into -was that because of quotas?
Should I.Q. tests be administered to prospective voters?
Why is a tabloid free of liability if they slander someone's reputation if they didn't do it knowingly?
Who has right to birth certificate?
Do you need a contract to make videos with your friends if they are minors?
Wil You support a Beck-Rush run in 2014?
How would Britons have reacted to this headline in 1944 \ Breaking! U.K a Muslim majority by 2050!\?
If i beat someone up and get snitched on by them, can the cops arrest me without proof?
Why did FDR provoke war with Japan?
CRIMINAL JUSTICE QUESTION PLEASE HELP 10 PTS AND BEST ANSWER?
a subpena was sent to me by mail is that legal?
Do you think Glenn Beck will be leader of a new political party, the organized and filed Tea Party?
How is Barrack Obama connected to the Rwanda Genocide?
How can I get an address/ locate for a U.S. Army Soldier?
Why are all the cons who called Christie a RINO coming to his aid?
Can a permanent alien get deported over a felony that happened 7 years ago?
When we talk about travestys that have happen to people why don't we talk about the french revolution?
How could the $4 trillion spent on invading Iraq of been better spent?
Is this considered kidnapping?
how do these principles from the constitution affect the people:?
The MATA syndrom: more american than the americans?
Is it legal for neighbour to to park on the street beside fire they have 2 cars behind car blocking?
Is the TSA's existence justified in terms of its cost in time and taxpayer money?
Does the Army still offer Option 40 Contracts when enlisting?
What do You think about a Rush-Palin ticket in 2016?
Is it possible to apply for my son's UK passport without having the father's signature?
What does Chris Christie care about most?
Hard labor for criminal i think forget death penalty put them to work and for up to 20 hours a day?
Have recent cuts to Food Stamps and Unemployment hurt the economy or REAL people?
Why do Cons continue to deny the fact that Jesus spent his entire life as a member of the Jewish?
So the best way to get people off food stamps is a healthy increase in the minimum wage?
Is it a crime to threaten to kill a teacher?
Are labor unions a thing of the past because foreign owned corporations are now dictating US labor laws?
Are there any countries that would be an example of BNP policies at work?
Navy ocs question, AF dep discharge, please help?
What does the fox say?
Why does Freedom of speech allow tabloids to write lies about important people & damage their reputation?
Why did the FBI lose its balls when it comes to financial regulation?
For the Form I-90 who do I make the check or money order payable to?
What is 1 piece of evidence that best descibes the Netherlands military strength ?
Although most Army reservists have a civvy full time job too, can you join the Reserves without having a job?
What political party are you?
What does it mean in the context of the conference?
Could a priest ever be forced to give evidence in court from a confession and also, could he grass you up?
What are the police likely to do in the UK if you decided to tell them where a weed seller lives?
people don't look at the candidates flyers because they only look at \unbiased sources\.?
The Cons are telling me that the Richest need CERTAINTY before they create jobs for Americans,?
Marrying boyfriend for green card?
Any surprise that a Classmate of Michelle's is Senior VP at Corp that got $ 678M no-bid ACA Contract?
Are labor unions a thing of the past ?
Why do young Americans volunteer to go to wars that have nothing to do with protecting America?
Are you considered to be on duty the whole time you are away for the Military Drill weekends?
does that scar me for life state. of wv you raise your voice it's a domestic?
US vs Europe's Navy, how do they compare?
does england need unity?
Now that Christie has shed 285 lbs. does he have a better shot at the Whitehouse?
How and who can apply for the dream act?
i was arrested for driving with out my license on me it was in my house, can they do this?
Are you following the WV chemical spill news?
Is collateral damage a fact of all wars?
True or False, six member of Green Peace were injured today attempting to roll Chris Christie back into the?
Should Mark Duggan's family be consulted on Police gun policy?
can you be sued for posting local events on your website?
my charge was 6 yrs ago?
Now that C. Christie has signed a bill forcing Rep. taxpayers to educate illegal mexicans even if they have ?
I'm trying to become a prison officer and I have a 6 yr old domestic offence will I get a chance?
Of these four, which is the best reason to retain the Democrat-controlled Senate?
Science, technology and government regulation?
What were the key viewpoints held by the republican party during the gilded age?
US or EU: which has the better overall military?
Help me get this straight, the Reps are willing to extend temporarily, unemployment benefits if they can get a?
What percentage of objections are overruled?
Do you think Obama is a socialist?
In Georgia can you be denied employment for a misdemeanor ( a bad check for 45 dollars) It was paid 3 yrs ag?
I'm trying to become a prison officer and I have a 6 yr old domestic offence will I get a chance?
hi, i am applying for EEA4 and i wanted to know what are the documents to send to home offiice.?
X girfriend works in a shop the boss said im banned?
How in this world can a 4 years old become a target by mistake?
Why are so many people in government an politicians opting out of Obamacare?
Like omg is Michelle filing for divorce and taking the girls and leaving Barry?
how grow tabacco in missouri?
Hi, I'm in New York. I need to find a lawyer to sue T Mobile company?
Applying for Social Security Benefits as a Child?
Who gave mr. Obama the right to send condolences to Sharon's family on behalf off ALL the americans?
would Malcolm X be a domestic terrorist under todays NSA guidelines?
How many civilians have we murdered in the Middle East?
Do you think that part of the reason why many kids who go into STEM majors and then drop out has to do?
Since the Trayvon Martin case was USED by the US media to entice hate + divide Americans ..... Can Americans?
Why is Somalia not a libertarian paradise?
How much time is required to get a green card in the usa for F4 category?
what to expect at a meeting with the crown prosecutor?
What does a 25 year old unemployed college graduate need to know about Obamacare?
What would Obama do if He had a white granson, like Romney has a black one?
what is proper attire for someone meeting the president of the United States, Barack Obama?
Will republicans ever overcome the Chris Cristie Fat & Furious scandal?
If the bartender flirts & gives you his number, are you supposed to tip or does that seem patronizing?
Why did Cons suddenly get so infatuated and supportive of Cristie after he was exposed as a lowlife tyrant?
I will like to change the date ofr my return ticket to ghana?
Did you enjoy watching a Christie squirm last week?
Can a woman be a TACP?
Will you be unable to obtain German Citizenship if you have been converted of a misdemeanor in the USA?
Was the Travon Martin death USED by the US fascist media to win the fight on gun control + to take guns away?
can some over dramatic socker mom sue some man because she says his appearance gave her kids nightmares?
Someone has my social security number?
can some over dramatic socker mom sue some man because she says his appearance gave her kids nightmares?
Hello I am a young liberal man. Where is it possible for me to meet older bears for dating online?
Why is Vermont so socialist?
How is Obama a Muslim?
If Christie is Impeached will there be a Another election or will his Liutenent govenor take over?
Basic training fitness?
Issues with mentally ill getting the death penalty?
What political dynasty did the most for America Adams, Bush, Harrison, or Kennedy?
Has anyone passed a military drug test with less than two weeks without smoking?
if i get fired in ca for attendance and tardiness can i collect unemployment?
When are libertarians going to create their own country so they can show us how badly it fails?
I'm trying to become a prison officer and I have a prison6 yr old domestic offence will I get a chance?
Do dogs need a passport/rabies vaccine to travel from the UK to Ireland and back again?
What does \Dissenting in part opinion\ mean?
What was Andrew Jackson's presidential campaign and platform like?
Why is Poverty a) something we should 'fight' and b) with public monies?
How to get my E-ticket or Boarding pass so could be printed?
Are conservatives pushing for Iran sanctions merely because President Obama says there shall be no sanctions?
What do you think of Jeb Bush?
Self defense against UN?
What actios can I take against Engineshopper.com?
Average number of Canadians who join the military each year?
Is it right to separate smarter kids from the average and learning disabled children?
How can I fire my republican employee without facing legal consequences?
why do conservervatives call anyone with a left leaning a commie?
army with juvie record?
URGENT! does anyone know the name of this 'copyright' thing...?
What would happen if 1 million people got naked and started running around NYC?
Would i be able to get a MIP of tobacco ticket thrown out for having three mistakes?
I'm 15 and I'm from Scotland I'm half Italian I want to move to America when I'm older?
Military drug test results?
Can a probation officer put a holder on u for the same charge?
Would Barack Obama have been 100% far better president than Bush had he not done the following things?
Does the ranger regiment deploy during peace time or just train?
Is socialism growing?
Should we punish Republicans by making them go to a Mario Kart tournament?
Glock 23 gen 4 vs glock 21 nib?
Trying to decide between air force, navy, or Marines?
what process did the military use to get ships made and transported during ww1?
Do you feel bad for Chris Christie?
Can someone identify this military for me?
Im rank 25 in gta5 and i read somewhere that you unlock your first gang attack when you rank 18 and so i havnt?
how many physical hand held euros are actually in the world?
big oil, big business, big insurance. why is there no big lawyers, big Hollywood, big unions, big gay rights?
Army Warrant Officer Flight Training?
I was given a YRD by the Police 2 years ago can i apply to be in the police, or am not eligible from joining?
In the state of GA if you are a ex correction facilty employee can you visit an inmate?
How can I get full custody of my daughter?
how much handheld cash is actually in the world?
How can I apply for a turkish passport? Does my parents need to be turkish ?
What would the US likely do if attacked by North Korea? Need for book I'm writing.?
How to fist the c**kholes of a city?
can I take my grandmother to court to get things back she took that were gifts when I was younger?
What liability do establishments have if their customer racially abuses another customer and makes a hostile?
Why do americans think they're so powerful when they're not?
Can I be a VA RN if i never served in the U.S military?
Army command-directed psychological eval process?
Who is the most biased judge in the United States Supreme Court?
My neighbor wants to know if anyone?
Will John Kaisch win his Ohio Governor Election in 2014?
How can a decrease in the value of gold & bonds combined be lower than the rise in stocks combined?
When would the court case be?
Which political party do I fall into?
Should \gay marriage states\ allow straight couples to get married too?
Did people give up on the right of law abiding persons to immigrate & work regardless of national origin?
The only way to fight the War on Poverty is to arrest the perpetrators of it!?
Can i sue the former owner of my house if he didn't disclose that the property was in a lawsuit?
in how many ways has Obama endangered Americans?
how will Jesus judge conservatives who consistently bear false witness against their neighbors?
Was Lyndon Johnson a war criminal because of what he did in Vietnam?
in how many ways has Obama endangered Americans?
Can I curse at my college professors if I wan't to? Also can college professors curse at me?
pros and cons of international law?
how do cinematic techniques in mr smith goes to washington convey political messages?
Should the US Government pass a law requiring equal pay to all people per hour?
When you hear the words Palestine or Palestinian, what thoughts come into your mind?
What is the meaning of the term machine politics?
who picks up recycled waste?
If you don't like equal rights for everybody?
Are people who display the confederate flag unpatriotic?
Has the War on Poverty from 50 years ago failed in the USA?
Will Gary Johnson be the next president?
Why don't cons watch good daytime TV?
Slander: What can I do?
Why have wages (adjusted for inflation) been stagnated since 1980 yet Consumer Price Index has been rising?
If Utah Courts blocked gay marriage, why did Eric Holder go on TV and say the Fed will ignore their decision?
If you could rebuild a poor country which would it be?
How much time can you be in jail for gun possession?
Will crashing my car 5 hours after i was drinking and then leaving the scene disqualify me from the marines?
Was it unusual for Republican Senator Inhofe to compliment Joe Biden?
is it illegal to sell clothes in mexico when the stuffs from america?
Did Odumba plan the fake bridgegate scandal to distract from Robert Gates tell-all book?
how to get dual citezenship?
Once Congress, Governors, and President will be in Republican Control, Will the Constitution be preserved?
Torts and uncommon ice storms?
Why are CA,NY,and IL bleeding people and income at such a high rate and TX,AZ,FL, and NC gaining them so much?
Are Robert Gates accusations true or false charges to get people to buy his book?
Why are some republicans claiming they don't need generation X and Y votes?
How do you feel when less fortunate things happen to people who were mean to you?
Is \republicans do it too\ suppose to be my answer to everything?
Question about OCS for Marine Corps?
Can US permanent residents get a SENTRI pass?
Does the current upheavel in Iraq mean that we should have stayed in Iraq longer?
Where do you have most of your money invested?
How long can baby boomers Republican Party keep blaming Obama for their economy?
How do i go about moving to Austrailia from UK?
Why did the Scandinavian countries move from hard-core Socialism to becoming normally-functioning countries?
What do you think about François Holland's sexual life ?
Do you think it's possible for Europe to be truly united without a common language?
What can you do with a law degree?
Have you heard of the English Democrat party and what do you make of them?
Why is Liberalism even relevant in 'My America'?
Can I apply for Navy OCS a month after passing the 365 day mark in Air Force DEP?
Breach of the peace -Scotland?
I get this ad that asks if I support Hillary; is there one to go to if you oppose her?
Can Boris Johnson restore the Conservative party and win the election in 2020 if David Cameron looses?
How does the ASVAB work?
a question about signing contract for a flat?
can he get I'm trouble?
How funny is it when are \liberals\ frenz use the stock market to tell us how brilliant Obama is?
Would you ban drugs in the 21st century?
Would you vote for someone as obese as Chris Christie?
I NEED A LEGAL ESTIMATE PLEASE HELP?
Big differences between Army Reserve & Army National Guard?
Ok liberals, let's make a deal?
I have a 200 word essay due tomorrow but I really want to watch the 49ers game. What should I do?
Cannabis - The US state of Colorado has legalised cannabis, how long before the UK follows suit?
What exactly is Chris Christie being accused of?
British Parachute Regiment rescued Irish Army Rangers from Sierra Leone?.?
How important is the medium of exchange in our economy?
why are dems attacking Christie anyway he wasn't our choice for 2016 anyway?
Will we fight back against Islam?
How do lawyers respond to losing a case criminal or civil?
2016 socialist/Marxist knockout: Santorum/Palin ticket or President Perry/Rand Paul?
I have a problem with my dv lotteries?
why the secret hatred between US and UK???
Can you help me understand my ASVAB scores?
Someone told me that Conservative economics + Liberal morals = perfect country. Is this true?
why do some people say GW Bush was more of a failure than obama?
Requirements to enlist as a navy seal?
suffrage is described as what?
suffrage is described as what?
How would a Libertarian control government deal with incidents like the one in West Virginia?
Secondhand smoke military drug test?
what do you believe are the future economical ramifications of evolving currencies like the bit coin?
What is college like for a army veteran?
The US Navy Involuntary Separation Pay...when is this going to hit my account?
Why do social safety nets work well in Europe but not in the US?
I havr questions about Navy IA?
Should i join the Army?
why middle class and upper middle class people like low cost airlines?
CA State Penal Code and/or Statute on Stop and Identify Law??
What is \DEFENSE FINANCE AND ACCOUNTING SERVICE MILITARY NET PAY ADVICE\ form on mypay?
Do we still have a lot of metals/minerals in the ground that haven't been mined?
am I too fat to join the navy ?
Do you have to get good grades in high school to be a army ranger?
does grandparent visitation come out of the mother or the fathers time?
Why is OJ asking Obama for a pardon? I thought armed robbery was a state crime, not federal?
Is it illegal to put down a dying soldier?
How do I waive a court fee, and why?
how do i know if i need a Restraining order or a protection order?
What was the hardest thing, you least expected in Army Basic training?
Is it illegal to transport my firearms across state lines?
Is my dad committing social security fraud?
How to stop dirt bikers on my property?
Can I drive over the NY border into Canada with an enhanced ID from another state?
Can I be a police community support officer that rides a Motercycle ?
How to be a doctor for the military?
How to become indian airforce pilot?
If the 1917 Russian Revolution never took place, what would Russia be like today?
School camera question?
Marine Reserves at 17?
The United States and the Vietnam War?
Letter to traffic judge?
Do Navy ships mark their location on paper charts? Or do they just use GPS?
Predator movie trivia regarding army clothes?
mom called cps on spite?
Conservatives: Help me DEFEND this Point please.?
Question of military history?
How did Ross Perot in 1992 know Obama was going to become president?
If twitter is public? Why is looking at my 14 y/o sons friends tweets considered stalking?
Since libraries are so keen on kicking out the \homeless\ can I file a suit or complain?
If you divide 25.00 moles by 553.20, would you round the answer (0.0451916 mole) to 4 significant figures? :]p?
Does social security require you to work to get disability?
What score will they use on the ASVAB to qualify to be a SEAL?
How many on the left will have Faux on their tv today?
i got the chance to go canada and can i earn per month 2000 us dollers as i work teacher?
Can a man and woman ever be equal in work and strength?
When will congress pass 2014 unemployment extention?
How much money does the canadian government make from taxing alcohol&tobacco annually?
Why is it that some black people get in trouble with the law then complain about police brutality?
If murder was legal for one day, would you kill anyone, and who, and why?
Are Republicans looking for a '3rd times a charm' effect with Jeb?
Can we all just accept the fact that guns are for killing?
How do Democrats feel knowing that the majority of the country view Barry as one of the worst Presidents in?
Do you think \MARTIN LUTHER KING\ Day should be replaced with \BARACK HUSSEIN OBAMA\ Day?
How much higher will the American elitist & bankers run up that stock market before it crashes again ?
Are all navy rates overmanned right now?
Are these videos illegal in Usa?
During ''THE FAMOUS BATTLE OF THE ATLANTIC''?
Regarding the Affordable Healthcare Act...?
GOP voters: Who is your favorite for President in 2016 ?
In the begining man created politician to rule them wisely and competently?
why arabs just can't manage a state?
Do you think were headed for Korean War 2?
Before Obama was the president, when was the last record high period of the DJIA? How soon did it crash?
Why do liberals like to say that they are smarter than cons but refuse to accept that libertarians are?
What legal rights come with my child's last name?
what would be the benefits of the US starting a free trade agreement with Indonesia?
Does history have to repeat itself? How often do we have to go through this civil rights issue?
Should scolding be illegal?
how long can I claim income support?
Why did the Labour Government propose a Human Rights Bill prior to 1998?
Can someone do time for this?
Have liberal communists of today learned nothing from their history books?
When Liberals took over the education system to remove corporal punishment and God.Was this the reason we now?
Where were cries of \socialized medicine\ when Reagan signed COBRA?
In California, what happens if I get married in the middle of a housing lease?
Why do libs ignore the compelling and overwhelming evidence that 0bama was born in Kenya?
does the law require store to honor advertised price?
Are conservatives OK with the fact that the CEO of McDonalds makes $9200/hour?
Do life sentences and the death penalty just create criminals on the run with nothing left to lose?
Can I post to Royal Mail?
How old do you have to be to own a sky in Virginia?
What is the process of I 130 visa after filling forum?
is Ann Coulter a reanimated corpse?
Is the Unearned Income Credit a massive wealth redistribution? Is this more of the income equality program?
can the average person become a lawyer?
cps hasnt returned in over 30 days..now what?
How long does it take to te get biometric appiontment of re entry visa?
Will 0bama finally create one decent paying job when he vacates the oval office in 2016?
Considering demand is a function of purchasing power, how does capitalism allocate resources efficiently?
Do we all agree that a RINO is not the way forward for 2016 to take America back?
why is fingerprint scanning and iris scanning not used in passport procedure to protect passport forgery?
Has Nigel Farage been a naughty boy again?
My ex gf assaulted me a week ago, I reported her and got a court date. Should I file a restraining order 1st?
I'm DESPERATE to have the European Citizenship, but how?
Robbery in the city.?
Shouldn't resources be allocated to maximize social benefit?
Do you think Neanderthals were Racist against Man? Did it Evolve?
Will Democrats blame the next Republican President for the damage 0bamacare does as they do for the ....?
Can you have charges pressed against you for assualt if the person doesnt have proof?
As president, what would Hillary Clinton do to stop the cycle of globalization?
good speech topic related to mental illness and the death penalty?
Are Blacks or Hispanics Racist?
what happened after louvain burned?
Where would i deploy as a ARMY field artillery tactical data system specialist (13D)?
Will liberals ban Christmas in the USA because it is a religious holiday?
Why do Americans naively believe in freedom of speech in the U.S.?
What to do if someone stares at your sister while walking by past her!?
The US now has 17 trillion 324 billion dollars of debt. Why is it not going down?
who is the best British prime minister and why?
what would a prolifer do if they found out their mom/sister/friend/wife had an abortion?
Does Christiegate show that the USA has become an Idiocracy?
why don't we have stealth missiles ?
Can Police officers take off more points from license than what's stated by DMV laws?
Is there a country with a successful free market health care system?
Is Senator Ted Cruz eligable to run for president?
Is the Republic of Ireland an illegitimate state?
Did America have big government during Reagan, HW Bush, Clinton, and George Bush?
Is it possible to get money back in this scenario?
Is it possible to sue in this weird scenario?
Are there are more white radical muslims groups than brown ones?
Other than marriage what other contracts do the states have the right not to recognize the validity of?
It only costs 600 dollars to capture 1 ton of CO2 from the ambient air. So why hasn't Obama allocated 600?
Are there any recruiters, that can dig Silicon Valley for me and find me job with sponsorship?
Claiming Child Benefit?
Do you think I can report this?
What can you do about noisy neighbors who scream all day and night and shout the F-word constantly?
Cops, CPS, and DAs are actually taking kids from families for unjustified reasons?
What is the Secular democracy?
surveillance ideas for front house?
Is this gay discrimination any different?
Why did Obama order flags to half staff for Mandela but not Sharon?
What's wrong with being a bigot?
Do I need to fill in a form k15?
Can a girl really get a restraining order on me for this, or is she bluffing?
Who was in charge of these countries during 1939 the Versailles Treaty?
Should Christie request an Independent Counsel to clear his name?
Should Chris Christie be investigated for the Fort Lee bridge scandal?
Why do conservative act like they hate liberals so much?
Can you tell which medal this ribbon represents?
Thinking of joining the Army, but can't swim.?
Is the Affordable Care Act helping you?
Does anyone know what ports you could end up at in WestPac? Not asking specifics, just generally. Thanks?
What country has the best health care system?
How much choice do you have in what section you work for in the FBI or police?
Why do people believe the USA is in financial trouble? Is the sky really falling or is it nonsense?
Jefferson's reflection and contradiction of his republican ideology?
why is obama the only president of the USA to have had all school records sealed?
how to get visa to move from US . to UKor iIreland?
Is there any good reason Government shouldn't get out of the Welfare business and let Charities take over?
can i sue someone for this?
Suppose there was a national referendum in the USA: Obamacare or Universal Medicare. Which would you vote for?
Have you heard the song \what does the fox say\?
What do the different parties stand for in our government today?
How to decide which spouse should get out of the military?
Property seized by police?
Should the EU eject all countries that take from the EU and give little or nothing?
How come Holder, the head Injustice Dept picks an ardent Obama donator to head the IRS investigation?
Can my grandmother get U.S. Citizenship?
Evaluate the positives and negatives impacts of migration using Poland and England as a case study?
Why have more people migrated to the UK since 1997 to 2014 ?
How do you get municipal warrant information if not online. City of Waukesha, WI?
How come Christie fired the person responsible for the lane closing, yet Obama has yet to fire anyone?
How does AFIS help law enforcement?
When must an arrested person be given their Miranda Rights and what is the basis for this?
How come Obama forced those on the ground to sign non-disclosure about the truth on the attack in Benghazi?
Do many active duty military join the CAP?
Has the great Rush Limbaugh blessed us with offspring, so his eternal wisdom can be passed down generationally?
Which Country has better healthcare?.?
How bad is it in Afghanistan?
i got a life ban for driving 6 years ago.when can i appeal it?
How come Obama is sending Biden to Ariel Sharons funeral, yet Obama found time to attend Mandela's funeral?
Do you have unwished visitor at home?
If Obama claims to be transparent, why not release ALL of the numbers on Obama Care enrolled?
Ariel Sharon's view on Palestine?
is liberalism nothing more than a warm cozy security blanky to wrap around the weakminded, guilt ridden?
What is the name of this law when you accept something and the case in court?
Approximately 80% of the fatalities our military has suffered in Afghanistan have taken place on Obama’s watch?
I wonder. how does the US plan to solve their own problems?
Landlords wife is trying to evict me?
Why is Obama appointing the supporter of a cop killer for a position in the?
Marine corps tattoos?
Why are elite colleges often placed in crime ridden areas?
Do the Americans still believe that the US still a superpower?
Who is more popular and most likely to win the the next elections?
What's happened to Liberal Tolerance?
How many want to see a Republican Presidential Ticket Elected In 2016?
Does the U.S. Navy still use battleships such as the USS MISSOURI ?
What protection can be asked for senior citizen if someone or group of people create nuisance.?
why the Scotland wants to be an independent?
What will happen to someone on parole for leaving the scene of an accident?
How can I get into the Navy?
If the 10th Amendment allows states to deny a marriage license to an otherwise qualified gay couple?
After over one year why isn't the Obama administration doing a thing about getting to the bottom of what?
Will my ex still owe back child support if his parental rights are terminated?
Who would win in a deadliest warrior bout: Ted Nugent or Pajama Boy?
When Democrats brag about the 6.7 unemployment rate.How can they be proud that for every 1 job 5 quit looking?
What do you call a Mexican that can fly an airplane?
Why haven't black Americans been able to assimilate to American society and norms?
is it illegal to leave black wheeli bin outside in uk?
Why is Steve Kornacki relegated to a Sunday Morning show that nobody sees rather than going primetime?
Do u think Communism would be good for amrican people?
Why do the Police time and again get away with taking cheap shoots at the Public?
should i loss my license if i am driving with the eye patch?
In which house ,is the presiding officer ,not a member of that house ?
how do I get the sid # for an inmate @ the bexar county jail?
UK Fiancee visa , do we need to visit each others country?
(OSHA question) Can anybody explain the following situation at hotels and conventions?
Being pestered by ex-girlfriend. How can I get an injunction to stop her visiting/calling?
If European Nationalists would have a dream,which do you think would that be?
How do you karate chop a girl?
Does the UK Biometric Residence Permit for Tier-2 General have a Certificate of Sponsorship on it?
Is there a surgery to create an epicanthal fold?(The Asian eyefold)?
If a 14 year old has a baby, will the state automatically take it away?
Help me friends i am in bigest problem in India!?
Councils charging exorbitant sums for burial plots?
Do you think US should apologize for Hiroshima and Nagasaki's bombing?
Army cadets enrolment form?
Have Republicans forgotten New Orleans?
What should I do about my dad getting taken away by the police this morning?
Which countries are still fighting in Afghanistan against the Taliban?
if the world had a teleportation technology, how do you think it would effect politics?
What is it like being an MWD in the Australian Air Force?
Should Chris Christie take the stand for manslaughter?
If the Democrats are really for the poor and improving things for them?
Why don't Republicans ever pay their bills?
What route could a christian use to get from europe to make contact with the syrian army?
True of False: The U.S. Military is made up of welfare leeches and entitlement grabbers?
Should ukip and the Green Party be aloud to be in the election in 2020?
when army enlisted fly helicopters?
British democracy basically means?
Boss told me this morning that i have to come in at 10 tonight?
how could the european union evolve into a one world nation?
Do any police officers or others in law enforcement actually say \the force\?
A girlfriend from Canada wants to start a business and meet me?
The Taliban taking back Afghanistan isn't that wonderful news for the Hillary?
Why Iran can not progress?
Someone stole my Military ID CAC card! I'm stationed in Korea. What is the punishment?
Was George Bush the most powerful president ever? 6 years after he leaves office he is causing economic ruin?
Pennsylvania Recording conversation laws?
I want to be a Combat Controller when I'm older. How should I prep for that?
Will bureaucratic red tape be the Achilles heel in the ACA?
Legally, Do I owe her any money?
i am bangladeshi. i am 28yrs old. i am married. i am higher secondery pass. how can i get green card?
Is Mao Zedong liked in China or outside of China?
Why in France it is acceptable by the public if the President has affairs with other women, but not in the USA?
What's been the best circus since the Tea Party?
Does Jose really want political discussions?
How many years will \Repealing ObamaCare\ be in the GOP platform?
Should Britain give citizenship to all the people in Jamaica in a form of reparation for slavery?
Was Al Sharon the Al Capone of the Middle-East?
what job can a female do with a juvenile criminal record?
Are there a lot of employers in the U.S. who are willing to sponsor a green card?
Royal Marine Medical?
Rate of dearness allowance from 1970?
How do I cope with being away from my marine? I feel depressed?
Was the Tea Party right about Christie all along; he's corrupt and a dictator like Obama?
why western tend to paint themselves as real victim in boxer uprising(china) to expel invader?
Please help on political development?
Affordable Care Act: Who says what is \Affordable\ or not?
where ot vote for pca?
My wife is a U.S. national and im a U.S. citizen if we get merried will i have to show proof of my citizenship?
army doctors on base vs civilian doctors?
Why does a father have no parental rights during the pregnancy?
One word answer. Agree or Disagree. Therapist are like rapist?
Unfairly dismissed! what can i do?
can you say something is copyrighted while it's actually not?
How do I get a rude police officer+rapist in trouble?
Is pulling down my pants and.....?
Have any idea how a 15yr old would be charged for identity theft?
Can I date a SFC in a different unit if I am a PFC?
I dont know if my coaches daughter likes me or not? how can i tell and is it a good idea to act on these feeli?
How did Japan get into a $10 trillion debt?
can I get in trouble for this?
Had Hitler won the war do you think the nazis would've have invaded their allies?
What would happen if China tries to take Taiwan?
Should we take the \file down the key\ stolen Honda's to the scrap yard?
Are more young Americans becoming so evil that about half the population is getting arrested?
what happes if someone goes into liuidation?
Is it difficult getting a US citizenship?
I'm a student studying in hyderabad and I applied for a fresh passport.I mentioned my present address and?
Despite political images, Are US black Communities not as Anti-Gun as politicians say they are?
Got caught using my brother's ID (drivers licence) to get into a club!?
Politics: Why do liberals democrat progressives want everyone armed, but Americans?
If a minor gets pregnant in this situation, would she be likely to be taken from the guardian?
my visa expiar on 03 -02-2014 i want com back to qatar another company so how many month ban for me?
What is singapore's policy over the syrian refugees ?
So, the U.S. and Iran are becoming allies in a chaotic middle-east?
My mother is a United States Permanent Green Card resident but she has lived out of US for about 9 years?
Resident changed to America?
Ever went on a blind date and that song \Then I got high\ popped into your head?
To all the enlisted people in Air Force, how worried are you about the force shaping?
What should we call the Bridge Scandal?
How long does it take to renew a passport?
Ex-Roommate Moved out and is trying to get deposit back?
If the UK quit the EU would all the EU people loose the right to work and Brits abroad loosing their right ?
do you have to regrister in every state if you are a sex offender if you dont what happens?
Which american party more closely resembles fascists - democrats or republicans?
Is it weird that i want to see more black and white men getting married to each other?
Is it true that 99% of those who support Gun Control/ Gun Bans have Zero knowledge of Guns?
How to be a military officer?
I'm just am looking for more advice?
I'm creating a blog, can I get sued?
Are work allowed to do this? Please help.?
Can I renew my UK passport before it expires?
i am in b.com 2nd year can i join INDIAN NAVY after graduation?
He denies being served.?
So is there anything I can do?
What is different between passport and international passport?
If Gun Bans are so great, Why did crime shoot up in Australia?
Are poor people lazy, or smart?
What makes a Liberal \Excited\?
What is so wrong with same sex marriage?
I am doing some family history and need to know if US Navy ships kept records of people that visited the ship?
Is legal for cops to harass the passenger during a traffic stop w/o probable cause?
Are Liberal Democrat’s suffering from ‘White Guilt’ the most selfish individuals possible?
what type of military work allows a dog?
Why do some Americans think it is so out of the question to have licences for guns?
Emotionally, what is the difference between Liberals and Conservatives...?
Marx became popular because of capitalism, which sold his books, not socialism, which took them away.?
Does the reason for visa rejection impact future applications?
why did Obama praise Jerry Sandusky actions in a secret meeting?
In the US if a minor is given a warning will there be further investigation?
can Indian join US marine?
are speeding tickets sent to your house?
is Narendra Modi opportunistic?
Did russia arm north korea?
Is it legal to smoke crack in Colorado?
Could we use another Woodstock right now?
Greatest, more ships and changed the course of History?
What will happen if the entire population of Hawaii, Puerto Rico and other territories move to mainland USA?
giving A two weeks Notice?
Will aam admi party support congress in lok sabha elections?
Why doesn't the US just adopt a Canadian style healthcare system?
Pakistan the biggest enemy of Afghanistan. Its Army supports Taliban,Al Qaeda and every other enemy of Afghans?
Can I get an entry level separation for my injury in BCT?
On average, how long is the enlisting process for the Marines from talking to the recruiter-leaving for BC?
Are they gonna knock before barracks inspection?to let me know their coming in?
Will Boehner be a lobbyist post speakership like Trent Lott?
Any opinions on Sergio Garcia?
Why do Republicans act like terms like \progress\ are dirty words?
theft prevention policies?
what r ecords to be given for kyc complaint?
can i ask for a new lawyer at pretrial?
Does anyone but the few care?
When liberals use hybrid economies as examples of socialism, is that kind of like...?
Will the Canadian army acept a \fat guy\?
how can i transfer my tennesse driver license to washington state if i lost my driver license?
how can i transfer my tennesse driver license to washington state if i lost my driver license?
Why do Republicans contradict themselves in regards to wealth and work?
Someone prank called me and put me through a lot of panic?
How come my friends life sounds so perfect? Why can't I do anything she does? please answer is she lying?
which country is more peaceful, USA or china?
Is there a way to find out the arrest radius for a felony arrest warrant issued in San Diego California?
Trying to repeal the Constitution?
Why are Republicans on Yahoo complaining about people who don't work?
Red light traffic violation?
Can someone be a cop with spikey hair?
people people people....what IS the atheist experience?
Who was the inmate on Lockup?
Why is Iran hostile towards the US?
Navy CTI Conversion, Career advice wanted!?
Can there be a Leupold to a written statement ?
Does anyone else find it ironic, that the woman at the center of the Bridge Scandal,?
Does anyone else find it ironic, that the woman at the center of the Bridge Scandal,?
Is \liberated\ Iraq worse off than it ever was under Saddam Hussein?
Can police drug test based on accusation or suspicion? Tricky one.?
I am considering becoming an Australian Commando or Special Forces.?
Reckless Driving: Is this seriously how police handle this?!?
i am a foreigner originally from.....And nowadays i have 1 girl friend.She is a malaysian and her religion is?
what do these jail terms mean?
does our torture policy work?
If you make more than $7,000 per year do you consider yourself to be rich and taking advantage of the poor?
Help me describe three recent changes to welfare policy?
is there anyway I can get a acu before I leave for basic?
Can a cop charge me with running/eluding the police if he didn't catch me but I admitted to it?
Did US ever make a statement after the nukes being dropped on the barrier reef?
Is it difficult for a Chinese national to get a work visa in Poland?
Chris Christie is going to announce he is NOT a candidate for President soon, right?
I'm gay and I really want to join the air force?
Question about the army warrant officer \high school to flight school\ program?
Human Rights Abuses: Do Americans Support Israel Committing?
Why is it the more liberal America gets the more lazy it gets?
Glad we pulled out of afghanistan now?
Should I watch Saved by the Bell or Boy Meets World before bed?
Is Suspension orde Valid?
If you went to battle in a war, would you stand behind Chris Christie?
So I applied for the Lapd reserves and I got a letter from tbe case manager say i didn't make it?
In this digital age, wouldn't it be easy to counterfeit third countries' money?
How many times did Obama say if you liked your insurance you could keep it while knowing it was a damn lie?
Why do libs hate CEOs that make $50 million a year, but love actors that make $50 million a year?
Visa problem with Canada?
Why do some liberals claim Ron Paul to be racist?
Can someone help me interpret this political cartoon?
im 17 and i just got my second traffic ticket in the last year im in illinois what is the penalty for that?
Does a curfew law apply to your house?
what was the standard military issue revolver during the civil war?
USMC and college questions ?
Why did Chris Christie cross the...bridge?
My passport is going to expire 4 months prior my trip, is it still valid?
My passport is going to expire 4 months prior my trip, is it still valid?
Liberals, can you give a link to the first medical diagnosis of someone with Homophobia?
Why am I obsessed with war movies?
when can you start using your health insurance?
will my bad cramps stop me at basic?
What military branch should I join?
Does joining navy NROTC give you a better chance of getting into OCS?
social security questions?
can i get a visitor visa for dubai while am travelling from sydney to hyderabad?
How i can join indian army after passing 12 from commerce stream?
Do you agree to this?
I went to google images and seen russian navy fleet a bunch of rusted old ships explain?
is it still illegal to have sex with a minor?
Why is it that people infatuated with anime are always Atheistic, Awkward, Liberal, and overly Elitist?
Is Ron Paul really a Liberterian?
So what kind of policy can the United States use to help get rid of all the illegal mexicans?
Would the democrats lose the senate if the economy were to tank just before the midterm elections?
why did 77% of asian americans vote for obama?
Will I be denied for the Army!!?
Im 17 and my boyfriend is 24 (I live in Missouri)?
How to become a spokesperson/talkshow host ?
Is this guy a psychopath? He was a \quiet one\?
why do 19% of americans approve of repubs in congress?
Why is the repubIican party losing its appeal with minority voters?
What happens if you refuse to tell the police your name?
Is Bridget Anne Kelly one of Hillary Clinton's spies?
Should people be able to buy lobster with food stamps?
HELP! house arrest transfer to another state?
What might be some reasons why the republican party is declining in popularity?
Why does Obama never attend American sporting events?
should chris christie unredact all those documents given to the new jersey legislature?
Do I have a potential legal case in this matter?
Is the US afraid of russia?
92 million Americans are unemployed is that more than in Jimmy Carters presidency?
Headlight ticket in NY?
Can police give you a traffic ticket while outside of vehicle?
are teople able to comprehend these two paragraphs?
Don't know where to head in life?
There was a fight in a parking lot I hit a truck trying to leave?
What military branch should I join?
If a girl punches me in the face do I have the right to fight her?
Would you say the Korean war is still going on?
Am i fit for the Marines?
Is there a purchase limit of marijuana in california?
Don't you want a candidate who is for the people and doesn't cater to special interest groups?
What happens if a security guard at the mall takes down my license plate number because I was having sex?
Is multiculturalism evil as a political ideology?Discuss?
do u have the right to bare nuclear arms?
What are you going to do in 2014 to demend your fair share?
Who should i talk to about my legal rights?
What is the origin of the strange handshake used by European royals greeting other European royals?
question bout having braces...?
Would you be friends with a police?
Do the police and military work for the highest bidder?
how do i obtain information for my prior convictions?
is a testimony from someone in the hospital just out of surgery,highly medicated,allowed as evidence in court?
did u know that 10.4 million people r unemployed in the usa?
If I am working on an app, ? best way to find out if anyone else has a provisional patent on a similar idea?
why are teople such big moochers?
When does a rape victim have to testify?
Do liberals understand they need to back off second amendment?
Have liberals taken most of their anger towards conservatives and channeled it to Libertarians?
My brothers bedridden can i file for visitation rights!?
What is it like to have a flash bang thrown at you?
Why do people find the gay flag more offensive than the confederate flag?
Americans: In what state is the US capital/White House located?
what do you think of the muslim danger in britain?
are libertarians anarchists who want to make a lot of money?
Why don't librarians do well in US elections?
do u know who david wildstein is?
Why did my package go straight to California and not my city?
can i join the national guard with bad eye sight?
why did jesus contradict himself so much?
Libertarians. If your ideal society materializes, wouldn't you worry about a working class Revolution?
whats the difference between a federal monarchy and a constitutional monarchy?
Members of Operation Red Wings?
Would America be better off having a chain-smoking drunk as Speaker of the House?
What did SEAL members do before they transferred to the SEALs?
Is it possible that they can skip the primaries in order for Trump to run for governor of NY?
RE: willa misdemenor in oklahoma for shopliting of $50.00-$200.00 in affect being a police officer in texas?
reserves vs guard vs the active?
When Obama said \You can keep your Insurance if you like it...Period\ what was he getting at?
Should we the general public trust private corporations to own our drinking water supplies?
Is it legal to be charged rent for a home with no appliances, shower, stove, or any other necessary items?
What is a petroleum engineer and how do i become one?
Do you think it's right that 3rd party/independents need to poll 15% to enter the presidential debates?
if the lowest paid full time workers suddenly jump up in pay, then do the people who were making that before?
Marijuana citation 23222 (b) question California?
Does Sarah Palin still live in Alaska? Or has she moved to Arizona? Or DC?
Why are Americans so afraid of democratic socialism?
If more girls do \selfies\ while holding fish, will Sarah Palin be happy?
What are the odds of being caught shop lifting after leaving the premises? Should I be worried?
Hey well am 19 years old married to a illegal immigrant he is 25 yrs old we have two little boys ..?
why did Leon Panetta say Obama never checked back in on the night of the Benghazi attack?
Should you be able to buy legal marijuana cookies and other related products with your EBT Card?
Now that Chris Christy has disgraced himself, who will float to the surface?
marrying an indian girl of same age in United States ?
Why do they sing cadences in the Marine Corps?
What are the types of higher Law Enforcement?
Can Sarah Palin see girls taking \Selfies\ from her house?
would you allow someone to have sex with your spouse for billions of dollars?
What are the requirements for changing your last name when you married a Russian and I'm American in USA.?
If President Obama is from Kenya, why isn't he Black?
Marine Corp at 17 with GED?
How to legally remove a lowlife mooch from your home? Law pros help!?
Why is Declaring War on Iran ok but not with Saudi Arabia?
If you had choice, where would you live?
Are these videos illegal to watch in USA?
Egyptian general may run for office?
Why are women such drama-queens?
do aunts and grandparents have visitation rights in PA?
If Senator Obama debated President Obama, what would the Senator say to the President?
How do you murder someone with box cutters?
How hard was it for Jay Carney to say...?
Is America becoming Fascist?
I need your help ASAP?
Tips on taking the Asvab.?
retracting a false police report?
Why can't Libertarians win elections?
What's your biggest complaint to a liberal?
Someone interpret my political compass?
Will Obama say \ I am responsible \ & \ all of my records are open \ like Christie did?
Why didn't the Arabs give up against the USA in the Iraq war?
Why is it that Mr. Obama could set up a website for his campaign that did not fail?
Do liberals hate libertarians because?
With Christie now out of the picture who do you see as the Republican prayer to stop Hillary?
why usa people dont have freedom to sing happy birthday song on their tv?
Has the sign \We reserve the right to refuse service to anyone\ been replaced with this sign?
Will scientists say pretty much anything the government wants them to say as long as they can?
Is anyone actually believing that Gov. Christie was completely obliviously to the bridge closing scandal?
Wouldn't you like Socialism even better than you do if it made you a millionaire?
Cops called me and then showed up to my house at 9:30 pm?
American citizenship through marriage process?
Do you have to be legally served with will to make it valid?
Have you been to any presidential libraries?
Where can i buy a sheath with a sharper for an 18 inch Ontario Machete in Australia?
Is it legal to test on mice?
What will Rush say about the 60 degree temps in the middle of January in the NorthEast?
my boyfriend and I both want to join the Air Force?
Getting into the army with child abuse on record?
What defines a patriot?
Why can't countries call other countries by their original name?
What shapes the political landscape in the post Tea Party era?
should drug users be considered criminals or have metal issues.?
Since Jesus is likely a Libby, will the GOP form a super Pac w/ the Devil?
Does the National Guard pay for your master's degree?
Has NC past a driving law where teens can't get a license until 21?
Refusal to pay for banfield wellness plan?
Is it safe to say that it's a lot less dangerous for a white women to date a white man than a black man?
Can I be arrested if someone saw me leaving with stolen merchandise, got my plates, and alerted the staff?
It 2014 why are neighborhood and schools still segregated in the northern cities?
Why do liberals claim they support equality for all when it's really only equality for liberal beliefs?
Do You Like ObamaCare?
In the 1950's, Sen. McCarthy was disgraced for saying there were communist spies working in the government?
How long in a YOI for homicide?
Can same sex sign a birth certificate in the state of Georgia? Someone please help with this question!?
Why do countries with higher populations generally have higher crime rates?
What do you think of the global warming scientists that got stuck in Antarctica because it was so cold?
Ladies if your man gave you a three hour orgasm would you go to the hosptial or would you marry him on thespot?
Should there be a constitutional amendment guaranteeing a white majority in America via immigration?
Did Obama ever say \ I was responsible for what happened \ & \ all my records are open..\?
Get USA visa from jordan?
im ilegal and have 6 years in the usa im getting marry with a usa cizenship girl?
Who do you know who has been harmed by NSA meta data collection?
why is most of the world not making weed legal?
Do you thiink Christie should be impeached?
Did the abusive wanna-be cop get hired & promoted?
Why would anyone ever advocate for peace?
has the government wiretapping helped solve any murders yet?
How Can a US born citizen get a job without EA D or passport?
FEMA has only had to call State of emergency 9 times for chemical related spills. What are those cases?
is the current budget fight in the us as bad as the last one?
Is it illegal to have public sex?
Why didn't Christie fake an illness wait 2 weeks and then say...?
Excluding Bill Clinton, can we all agree that Barack Obama is the greatest president of the 21st century?
Can a person believe in God but not any sort of religion?
I feel like my dreams are crushed? Is it that hard working overbroad?
If obamacare is so great then why is Pelosi trying to get people to stop calling it Obamacare ?
Is it illegal to drive the same route continually?
navy advancement and instructions?
is it true union teachers can't get fired if the show up, and do a good job?
Is Canadian culture being destroyed?
Am I obligated to tell my boss the real reason I am leaving when I submit my two week notice?
Navy Greenside FMF Corpsman?
How is Caroline Kennedy related to jfk?
About how much do you get paid for going to basic training?
Navy Greenside FMF Corpsman?
Contacting the FBI tips?
W is a New Englander, Teddy Cruz is Canadian - is Wendy Davis real Texas?
How to get charge expunged?
If a suspect and cop are aiming guns at each other and then the suspect abruptly drops the gun and runs...?
Did Murphy earn the Medal of Honor?
Gun Control Folks: Why would gun prohibition work when Alcohol, Abortion, and Marijuana Prohibition failed?
If Bush was such a bad POTUS why did he sign a bill that removed Nelson from the terrorism watch list in 2008?
Does the fact that Hillary was disbarred in the 70s make any difference to liberal voters?
What would the police do if I were to inform them of my child abuse?
Can i or should i fight this in court?
In Arizona if I renew my registration online will the police have it on file?
What would the police do if I were to inform them of my child abuse?
What is it called when the president is convicted and removed from office? It's not impeachment?
My custody situation?
How bad does somebody have to torture another to be put in jail for life?
If you had to pick a Texassan for president and had to pick between W, Perry and Cruz?
Why do liberals say no justice no peace?
Is Kerrry getting anywhere with this attempt at Middle East peace?
Liberals, did you not expect Bush to sign a bill that removed Mandela from the terrorism watch list in 2008?
Why violence in sports is legal, acceptable ?
When will Obama remove Muslim Brotherhood from appointed positions in his Administration?
What is little Teddy Cruz up to lately?
How long does it take to bring spouse to us with green card and citizenship?
If a baker can be forced to bake a cake for a gay customer, can a homeowner be forced to allow a gay into?
Am I the only one who would be honored to meet Barack Obama and George Bush?
Is it illegal to record in-person (face-to-face) conversations between me and another party in New York?
Has anyone ever graduated from the Clinton School of Truth?
I feel like my dreams are crushed! Is it that hard to get a VISA and a job in other countries?
How long does it take to get us citizenship after filling forum?
is it not better to stay the message, than to be sucked into the distraction doing their bidding?
Why do left wingers expect us to believe Hitler lied about being socialist, when right wingers have no history?
Is FOX News arguing that global climate change is not real?
can you please answer this question with a rant about how horrible the government is?
Someone at school destroyed my iPhone on Friday, what should I do?
Am I eligible to enlist in the Army? 3 Misdemeanors.. 21 years old...?
If Obama came to your house, Would you let him in?
Passport for my 5 year old daughter?
Why do pirates and kidnappers target Americans?
Benghazi (four dead) - nothing; IRS targets conservatives - nothing; traffic jam - FEDERAL INVESTIGATION!!!?
What is THE best solution to reform welfare system?
POLL: On a scale of percentage.....how much do you trust your the U.S government?
Would you rather have 7 years of bad luck from breaking a mirror, or 18 years bad luck from breaking a condom?
Will I have to have back my enlistment bonus if I get out of the army 3 months early?
What was Obama doing during the hours of the Benghazi attack, after his initial briefing?
Do you think marijuana will ever be legal in the UK?
If someone thinks they are entitled to a job, healthcare, education & housing, does that make them a socialist?
Why are so many Democrats \ jobless by choice \ who insist they are owed \ entitlements \?
Article 86 and 92? Expectations?
how to stop military boots from flaking (polish)?
Does the rise of progressivism usher in an age of post-constituionalism?
Can my employer fire me while injured on the job?
Without leadership what would the world be like?
Can I pay to have fingerprints run on something?
Why do conservatives think Ariel Sharon was a good person?
Conservatives If Hillary is our next President will you show her respect and not war on her womanhood?
Did Sharon die just because he was sick of hearing about a traffic jam in NJ?
Is it a crime to do some hootin n hollerin on a Friday Night?
where would you rather live: A post-war Nazi Europe or a Muslim majority Europe?
My friend is thinking about joining the marines reserves. They r both 18 and his girlfriend is pregnant?
In DeShaney Vs Winnebago County, the County AND its employees were charged with violating the 14th Amendment?
How scared are dems of us?
Do you think there is a good reason for the State department to spend $630,000 getting friends on Facebook?
Are all of black peoples problems caused by white people?
If unemployment is so low (snicker) why do we need to extend unemployment benefits?
Do TEA Partiers really have a problem with paying taxes?
World is better place without Ariel Sharon?
Is there a navy commissioning enlisted to officer program for hospital corpsman physical theraphy?
how to stop military boots polish from flaking?
How hard is it getting a job in another country?
How does one learn the law without going to law school?
How many registerd Republicans still believe that \reaching across the aisle\?
Points/arguments against Scottish independence?
My husband wants to adjust his status to permanent resident from an F1 visa. We want to move as well.?
Can adult protective services relocate me?
Does this policy still pertain to joining the military with a history of anxiety?
are you allowed to own or carry firearms if you are a filipino but serving in us military?
How to handle harassment from a teenager?
how does a immigrant become a canadian citizen?
Is it possible to live in the US on a tourist visa and work through an agency based in the UK?
May I claim British Nationality?
Is this what a real communist looks like?
What would you do if this guy was your supervisor?
Is'nt it great that President Obama's policies just lowered unemployment again?
Are there 7 SEALs in a SEAL Team?
was America a better, more united country in 1940 when it was 89.8% white? How divided will we end up?
If the capitalist takes the labour of his workers in the form of profit, is that theft?
Without being medically disabled, can I put my father as a dependent?
What are the consequences for a first time DUI?
Marine reservist at MOS school losing home to foreclosure: what can I do?
Top militaries in the carribean?
For adults only: can you find a flaw in this logic?
Why did black people distrust Ronald Reagan?
Do you agree with this argument?
What is the minimum term you must serve in the air force reserves?
Recently, a poll was done by Newseum that showed 34% feel first amendment goes too far in protecting people?
Politically speaking, if I buy a pre-lit Christmas tree with red lights, can I change all the lights to clear?
If America is truly a free country why can't children vote and are forced to go to school?
Which federal agencies and cabinet departments are most important in determining the existence and causes?
What state do you live? Is it a Red or Blue State ?
Why is propaganda needed for national security?
What would happen if we denied health care benefits to people that live unhealthy lifestyles?
Being a part time Marine.?
Is the fabricated American unemployment number down to 6% yet?
How will believing Obama is the greatest thing since sliced bread improve the dismal state the US is in?
How do you know if someone is marrying you for a green card and how to protect yourself?
Questions on getting a gun in California?
Why is Chris Christie in so much trouble when he did not order the traffic shutdown?
Who else views Fox News for the hot chicks?
Can someone tell me how serious the charges against Chris Christie are?
I entered UK illegally to join my wife (UK citizen)?
When I see Chris Christie now I see Fred Flinstone instead of the mafioso boss on?
Where do i get an age consent in nebraska? how? and do i need my parents?
Why aren't drugs legal?
Can you be approved for SSI and not know it?
Legal to build your own solid rocket motors in Ohio?
Why would a man lock himself in a cubicle in the men's toilets for hours on end?
Is it better to buy a $1 umbrella that breaks easily or a $5 umbrella that does't break as easily?
if i join the army at 17.5 what do i do for the other one and a half years?
If i join SMP Army program do I get paid as 3rd year once active duty?
Can charges be dropped from stolen checks from my boyfriend stole off me?
Why not give more money to big oil?
Are West Virginians thanking the coal/mining companies that poisoned their water?
Will Obama help Chris Christie ?
In legal terms what does \your outstanding claims\ mean ?
How would the government know if I owned a fully automatic machine gun?
How does government budget affect the prices of commodities?
Why do Libs say the \deficit\ is cut in half even though we have 17 TRILLION DOLLARS of Obama debts?
Do I qualify for severance pay?
my baby could have died from misdiagnosis please help?
UK law: which are the most important acts or laws?
Should Uncle Sam sell off all the BLM land the Federal Constitution does not allow FedGov to own?
I have recently been watching MSNBC is this a bad thing?
how is the government and way of life in Tokyo japan?
What exactly is the \American Dream\?
Are girls allowed to join the military/navy/army/airforce?
Is Obama lying about the special relationship with the UK?
I read that congress can sue the president?
why do we allow grover nyquist,cato,brookings,heritage et al a tax write off they dont manufacture anything?
Would you support or refute this statement? And why?
Can a person legally rent a home to you that they do not own?
What does a 68whiskey do in the ranger regiment?
is true that england have many problems?
What’s the most important issue the U.S. Congress should consider in 2014?
Have you ever read the studies that show how much welfare hurts people?
What would be the drive for long term investments in a free market economy?
Will Seattle, San Francisco, Boston, Portland, Minneapolis, Houston,etc go bankrupt under Democrat mayors?
Why do Republicans hate Black Comedy ?
Now that Global Warming has been proven a hoax, will Al Gore join the Flat Earth Society next and declare?
Why is president Obama letting republicans walk all over him and destroy everything that is Obama in dc fed ?
In modern wars which is more valuable tech or bravery?
My neighbor thinks that a security camera infringes on his privacy. Does it?
How much is a bond nc for assaulty on women?
Is anyone standing up for Chris Christie ?
Is it legal to drink in Texas @ 18 w/o parent supervision?
What should I do about my demanding grandmother?
Is this accurate?????!?!??1?!?!!!!11111oneoneone?
Err if electing RepubIicans fixed everything wouldn't Alabama and Mississippi be booming?
Did the New York Post Newspaper have the legal right to write what they did about Menachem Stark?
I need a REAL high school diploma to join the marines?!?
Is drinking Virginia water safe now or is it only WV?
If you believe that Chris Christie still has a chance to be President, I got a GW Bridge to sell you?
What happen if Ron paul was president from 2000 to 2008? would our current times be different than it is now?
Why are grandparents not includes on the American dream?
What happen if Ron paul was president from 2000 to 2008? would our current times be different than it is now?
How to fight my failure to yield citation?
Warrant in new york i live in las vegas?
When did ppl start believing govt was more efficient than the private sector & more capable of making?
asvab book...................?
Was Dwight Eisenhower a liberal and John F Kennedy a Conservative?
What's wrong with Ayn Rand?
Is my co worker trying to get me fired?
What jobs am I qualified for?
OBAMA may be removed by force, what ?
was rutherford b hayes a good president?
2016 communist knockout: Santorum/Palin ticket or President Perry/Rand Paul?
Should we just keep our Doctor and change our President?
Half of all pickpockets on the Tube are Romanians should they be deported?
Evidence of criminal misconduct mounts, implicates New Jersey Governor, will he do the right thing and resign?
Cell phone use during AIRBORNE training?
Can I overide a signed legal document?
I'm trying to decide between active army or Airforce reserve.?
Do many SEALs work with a SEAL mentor through college or do they usually wait until after college 2 work w/thm?
How do we preserve a democratic system?
Can I use pictures made not by me as illustrations in my book?
Will I get into trouble for stealing?
Will I get in trouble for stealing?
Is there a reason to go to College when someone when someone can just believe in GOD?
Is navy basic hard I heard it wasn't?
Who is the president of Canada?
MRSA: Disqualification from US Navy enlistment?
How can I pass a court ordered drug test?
How could someone of your intelligence not see federal government needs more taxes/control?
can I file a police report if someone put a gun to my head in November 2013?
So if you don't have an extremist view you can't have a political opinion here?
can there be a verbal contract with a deaf person?
Do you agree that it is the strange hollywood/pop music element?
Can this man sue me and win?
Does American football promote rape culture?
Can I refuse to do this part of my job?
How do I get my complaint heard?
Retiring Marine Corps JROTC instructors?
If nearly everyone in congress is a millionaire and are most likely to either have been a CEO or have family?
Would you be able to transfer from the reserves to active duty in a different branch?
when do you think medical marijuana will be legal in the UK?
Should we make prositution legal?
Would the administration be devoting so much time to defending Joe Biden if Bob?
OSVET Navy Boot Camp?
where would i go to juvineal hall if i commited a hanaes crime?
Would you suffer fewer hardships if you retained more of YOUR earned money OR if govt took more?Why?
housing in the military?
will I face jail time if someone has been using my name to forge perscriptions?
how strong is indian army/military?
Can i get off probation early?
is there any way for fort knox to be burgled-the gold stolen?
Why is it so hard to tell a liberal man from a liberal women- think Chris Hayes, Rachel Maddow and pajama boy?
Notice I didn't mention global warming once?
Do you think all male Politicians have mistresses?
How long can you travel if you have 2 year residence USA?
Am I considered independent if I'm under legal guardianship?
What exactly is going on with the Utah Same-sex marriage issue?
Do you think Barack Obama should replace Pope Francis in 2017 when he is no longer president of the U.S. ??
Why is there a movement to legalize marijuana in the USA?
How many soldiers do you think would have died in Iraq and Afghanistan if Ron Paul became President in 2000?
Can I talk with an Army recruiter if im not 100 percent certain I want to join the Army?
Why is there a movement to legalize marijuana in the USA?
Is global warming being replaced with ocean warming as the new fear mongering hoax?
Question about legality of same-sex marriage on state/federal level?
Is Capital punishment an effective punishment - why/why not?
Libs, isn't it time we abolish the the NFA and ATF so we can actually start abiding by the Constitution?
How soon will we have to start wearing mask and protective clothing in America?
Which is worse: 4 dead Americans, 2 dead Americans and 3,000 dead Mexicans, or 1 traffic jam?
Processing time for ds 230. In islamabad?
How long does it take to get an american visa from england and what age can i apply for one?
Has President Obama issued any pardons during his presidency?
How can a democratic state have a republican governor?
What's navy eod dive school like?
Can I get a ticket from doing this?
what's with labour supporters getting so angry when you say you support national?
british army medical?
Do I have to bring my own glasses to Air Force BMT?
Theoretically speaking which is worse?
What are the arguments against legalizing same-sex marriage aside from moral beliefs?
EU: the surname of the father can not be touched, this is fathers rights?
Will President Obama and Chris Christie work together again in Obama's 2nd term?
With the release of Bob Gates book is it true they had to pull Joe Biden off the top of the Lincoln?
which branch should I join?
I want to be an FBI hrt. I have some questions though?
Please help! Where can a Marine reservist in AD training go for a large sum loan? How to make dad a dependent?
Is conservatives' main political motivation to spread their misery to other states?
Doesn't it appear to be the earth is heating up?
Court Bailiffs - Help please!!?
If Chris Christy blames this bridge scandal thing?
Can a lawyer get me off aot? Assisted outpatient treatment?
Politics can you see libs in their welfare lines with salvation army threads still blaming Bush?
Does this represent a cooling trend - global warming or cooling?
If a man and a goat love each other, will liberals denounce PETA and fight for their right to be married?
British Army Soldier overtime?!?
i did a banned turn right?
The law on a home CCTV that points on a public path?
Are the oceans cooling or warming?
Can you imagine conservatives at their barbeques, with their shorts and suspenders, black socks and Budweiser?
Can you still get in the military, even if you have social sercurity?
my license was revoked, trying to get it back early with 4 months left?
What if you had more control over your income tax withholding?
Guard to Active Duty Army?
You tell me: Is this warming or cooling? Global Ocean Tempertures?
What are some current political Issues in Russia?
Do you have a dash cam in your car? If not, why not? And would you recommend one?
Can I find the person who hit my car and run? Would Police investigate in this case?
Should I become a paramedic or a police officer?
Were any soldiers scalped at the battle of Gettysburg?
army vision requirement?
Any Good Marines movies similar to Battle L.A?
What is a sure way to get a waiber approved for the marine corps.?
Does North Korea have social welfare?
Navy Greenside FMF Corpsman?
The influence of the media is detrimental to the American Political Process?
how often can I change by party belonging?
Can I file for verbal domestic abuse at 27?
Why do so many people hate Conservative & tea party supporters?
what are the most needed mos's in the ranger regiment?
does the U.S. Navy accept AFQT scores between 35-49 range?
can i work in the Uk with tier4 visa?
Have more soldiers died under Bush or Obama?
Need legal advice for kids safety??!!!?
How many have died in Afghanistan under Obama's leadership?
What is it that, ever since it got cold, a lot more conservatives on this site have questioned global warming?
Seeking a commission in the US Military?
Would Americans change their voting system?
So one cold storm during the winter makes it global cooling?
do you really have to get tazered when becoming a police officer?
If you are an E-3 in the military, how much money will you typically have at the end of each year?
a ticket from 23 years ago, came back.?
should i call police if a family member is smoking pot?
Waiver to join the marine corp?
What is the name of the Authority of 12 members appointed by Ministers.?
Why do so many liberal trolls and satirists on this site continue poking fun at us Tea Party conservatives?
Leftists, is \income inequality\ ever justified?
should i confront police if i know of someone smokin pot?
how to get a green card?
If there was a major conflict in Asia that involved Japan...would Japan become vicious like they were in WW2?
can i get arrested for not going to school till 18?
Does city, county and state HAVE to work with federal agents?
Am I stalking this girl? Is this wrong of me to do?
AMERICANOS: Is it TRUE that you can BUY a DECENT HOUSE in the US for AROUND $30K in a OKAY-ISH AREA and WHY?
If I fallow you, you are going to fallow me back?Yes or No?
my husband recieved a dwi..?
business Ethics: What would you have done?
If plagiarism becomes as popular as patents will we have to watch what we say and post in public?
Significance to the War in Afghanistan to Canada?
Water contamination takes toll on domesticated animals, many are dead, cats and dogs in danger of poisoning?
Years ago was asked to help in police line-up but what would've happened if the victim had said I was perp?
Did 0bama fiddle while Iran and Al Qaeda divided up Iraq?
How do I report somebody who has filed illegal taxes?
Can a UK CITIZEN buy a HOUSE in the US and WHY?
Can soldiers fall out of the MH-6 Little Bird?
What do you think of Wealthy Elitist's hunting Black Rhinos?
custody battle !!Help?
Why did it go from \global warming\ to \climate change\ in these past two years?
freedom of speech, should it has an end ?
if abortion became illegal, would pro lifers.....?
I'm going to vote for ukip?
Shipping to bootcamp?
How will Ian Watkins (the paedophile) be kept in prison?
Is ruining your life a right?
What is the best trained Military / Unit(s) in the world?
do you have to go to bootcamp, if you graduate from college?
Why is Ted Cruz angry about individual states rights?
Why does Japan, China, and both North and South Korea fight over islands so much?
military recruiter for navy?
Please read! What is this considered and what do I do?!?!?
Are we revisiting 1914.......?
how come the us can't win against the terrorists but the syrian army can?
Is Canada really a police state?
Can we explain how health care became unaffordable by the simple economic measure ...?
Who was (is) more paranoid about those surrounding him Stalin or Obama?
Liberals why do you accuse Rand Paul of plagiarism when you do far worse than anything he may have done?
Are people who talk about the Constitution domestic terrorists?
How can i get a domestic violence waived for the military?
Bill McKibben, founder of 350.org, out to save the world from CO2. Will he run for president in 2016 to ban?
question to both socialists and non-socialists?
Why is it a good thing if the Public services understand Behaviour?
What is your political ideology and why?
Should people be forced to testify if they fear for their life or they simply do not want to?
Terrible Eyesight: Wanting to join police?
trying to enlist in the united states marine corps.?
When a Robber says \ Hand over your money to me ! ...\ isn't he just redistributing income.....?
Want to sue the contractor who finished our home?
can a vice president running for office chose a president as his vice president?
if the police have stopped me for speeding do thay have to tell me how fast i was going?
Can you be a cop with amputated lower leg?
Is this theft? cant decide?
What are the dangers of PAC campaign contributions?
what is so \disgusting\ about same sex relationships, who do many on the far right oppose it ?
What are custody laws in Maryland?
Are chances good for unemployment extending?
by WA laws do I have to give a written Non_renewal notice to a tenant that is on a 5month lease?
Is it wrong to threaten my child's father?
Did Barrack Obama have friends to sit with during lunch while he was being a student?
Can someone explain why the 1973 war is considered an Israeli victory not an Egyptian one?
This Republican claimed I was a Mexican?
daily life for a ranger medic?
If cops come to my house and illegally search and seize my fire arms from my house am I allowed to shoot first?
What would happen if Hillary Clinton told the truth about her past during an election campaign?
Why do people think of me and dumb or stupid?
If cops come to my house and illegally search and seize my fire arms from my house am I allowed to shoot first?
Why do I have to resign in every time I turn around?
If raising the minimum wage works, why didn't it work the last time it was raised?
Someone told me I have to get circumcise to join the army?
If The Canada Embassy Asks us On The Interview That Why Should I Grant You a VISA so What is The Best Answer !?
I'm a 15 year old Indian, abused verbally and mentally. I want to get out of here and move to Australia.?
How can i find out if my domestic violence has the lautenburg amendment?
Is this proof of what?
Would you say Democrats have abused the system and will still not be able to make Obama a better President?
Did Ariel Sharon prove something about the Israeli Arab conflict?
Would you say Republicans have abused the system they have to stop President Obama from achieving his goal?
i need to extend my pasport but i dont know what is the requirements and i have to go vacation my flight is?
Why is the U.S. so sympathetic with these types?
Are you people OK there in the Military?
Who's hoter Canadian american British or German girls?
how long did you guys wait for USCIS naturalization interview?
Is President Obama borrowing Rand Paul's ideas?
i have a philippine pasport and the expiration on feb,7.2014 i have already a plain ticket i have to leave jan?
If we had anti-monopoly laws would the 2 party system be toast?
Shouldnt we fly the Confederate flag since Jimmy Carter and Dems restore Jefferson Davis citizenship?
I think the army is violating the disability act?
What is an apo? qestion?
Why don't private sector corporations, like Enron, ever fail?
What different type of government did the colonies have?
What different type of government did the colonies have?
When will Republicans understand that unless America stops emitting CO2, their future generations would?
Does the Westboro Baptist Church represent Christian tolerance?
Both Chernobyl and Fukushima are leaking radioactive water. Why can't science build robotic systems?
What happens if I pay a ticket 2 days after the day I should?
Legal aspect for selling some products that came from china?
what percentage of politicians are psychopaths?
Wendy Davis is going to be the new grand leader of Texas with out of state funding, are cons jealous?
Obama has a war onincome Inequality. Should he start with his Cabinet heads and servants?
If you were the US president, how would you fix the economy?
Is it aginst the law to take in a run away friend if they are being abused by their parents?
if the police have stopped me for speeding do thay have to tell me how fast i was going?
Africans have now been crossing the Med daily for Europe for the past few years; how come they didnt in Middle?
What would happen if US servicemembers wore their uniforms in Russia?
advice on immigration?
Did Obama learn from Hillary Clinton how to hide his past from the voters?
Would eliminating the minimum wage, taxes on the wealthy, and unemployment benefits be good for the US?
envelope with dyed money?
Cons, if capitalism is a meritocratic system, why do people get job promotions through favoritism, not merit?
who was responsible for Trayvon Martin's death, George Zimmerman or Trayvon Martin?
how does a penis swab work in prison intake?
Can someone get arrested for things they post on tumblr?
would it be viable to sue all foreign corporations and the people behind them?
Are Tawian and Hong Kong independent countries?
Why isn't the governor of West Virg