Pregnancy stopping me from eating?
My daughter and boys?
Uncommon girl names that do NOT end with the letter A?
Have a pelvic ultrasound and they sent me to drink more?
Pregnant or NOT pregnant????????!!!!!!!?
WDYT of the name Hilary?
35weeks an been leaking somthing for a lil over 35 40 mins?
AM I PREGNANT?!? HE PULLED OUT?
i am terrified to tell my boyfriend im pregnant?
Me and my Boyfriend have been having sex for three weeks unprotected,Could I be pregnant , ?
Does this sound like a uti?
condom brand that wont break easily? HELP PLEASE!!?
Girl name suggestions that do NOT end with the letter A?
Is it okay sleeping with your son of 4 years old and your boyfriend in the same room?a?
im worried about my wife ... help me?
Boys, would you date a girl who had a baby?
im pregnant n not happy abt my look?
WHAT SHOULD I DO, PLZ HELP!!!!!!!!!!!?
What kind of girl do you think of when you hear the name Roxana + BQ?
Really cute baby boy names plz!?
Names that go with the last name Trent?
Child's father interfere with my parenting?
how do I become a surrogate?
Is it possible im pregnant?
Do these two names flow?
Can I change my step daughters last name to mine?
Am I going into Labor?
how to tell how far along you are l?
whats happening? am i pregnant ??
Questions about nick names?
Do you like Addison for a boys name?
What do you think of my unusual name?
Everyone thinks I'm pregnant but me. Do you think I am?
Could i be pregnant? Scared!!?
If I ate plastic bags would i eventually poop them out??
Middle names for Ellison (BOY)?
Wtf is the deal with this name?
im 17 and i think im pregnant?
Why is the name Tabitha considered a cat name?
What do you think of my son's name?
Which name is better Joshua or Jayce?
Do you think Jayce is a tacky name?
Teens: How long should you be in a relationship before...?
Pro-life is not Anti-Woman?
Am I possibly in labor?
What do you think of my brother's name?
How many children do you have or like to have?
Is this overprotective parenting?
Getting rid of baby fever?
I got my friend pregnant in a threesome?!?
Opinion on teen pregnancy?
implantation bleeding or what could it be?
Teens: How are you doing?
Choose the WORST three names on these lists?
Plz rate these names?
Teens: What is your favorite show?
Is it possible for you to miss your period & not be pregnant ?
random morning sickness?
being pregnant alone?
Cultural names for our son?
My friend hates me, what should I do?
Hospital bill question.?
my 7 month old baby crying non stop, please help?
Most unusual names you've heard?
I believe I may be pregnant? Someone PLEASE help?!?
How can I quickly recover from a sore throat/cold?
Is this a normal size ?
These girl names are strange, which ones are usable?
how to tell how far along you are?
what do you think of these names?
How do you like the name Toryn Jane for a girl? It is Irish and means Chief. :)?
Who can put a name with each one ?
Opinions on the name Allison for a boy?
Can you get pregnant by giving a handjob?
What do u think of name Adalinda for girl?
What is your opinion of this situation and what would you do?
What do you think of this sibset?
Choose your favorite girl name for each letter (K-Z)?
What do you think of the girls' name Halle?
Is it possible to have a baby without sex?
Would you use any of these names on girls?
should I start going to parties?
Teens: What is your class schedule?
French or Biblical Names?
Is anyone else sick to the back teeth of people asking what height they'll grow to?
Middle names for girls?
I just don't get being a mother?
Are we truly ready for a vasectomy?
What are some vintage names that you would label as unusable?
?? Name 10 Kids With These Initials?
Is Toni a unisex name?
Sasha Jennifer Fleckenstein (is it too \f\-heavy)?
Thoughts on Arabella Yvonne?
Is Debbie only short for Debora/Deborah?
What would you name baby sister to Hailey, Katelynn, and Emily?
Could I be pregnant ?
Suggest which three you like the least from each list girls/boys?
Names to go with siblings name?
? Thoughts on these names?
If you had to name your children after your favorite (blank), what would their names be?
How can my family help my brother to do his homework?
Would it bug you if your middle name ended with an s and your last name started with an S?
? Can you think of 4 names for each theme?
Baby gender reveal party?
Mssd my cycle wth 9days I'm hving a yellow dischge last seen my cycle on 14 Dec 2014 can I be pregnant?
Any other name suggestions for if we have another boy?
Does Clara Lea flow okay?
Which name variation do you prefer?
How hard was it to get your baby used to the bottle?
stay at home parents, do you pack/ make your spouses work lunch?
What should a girl do if she is in danger?
confidentially getting an abortion at 15 in the uk?
??????????????????bbbbhjhhhb?
Might be pregnant... Someone help?
smoking around a one year old?
What do you think of my names?
Would you ever name your child this ?
twin name to go with Marlene?
.........................?
help with baby name please?
What do you think of the name Allegra?
What do you think of the name Erlene Marie?
Whats the worse baby boy & baby girl name you can come up with?
Am I late for my shot? Mid Pregnancy?
When is it important to feel baby everyday?
Ok. Im am 23 yo no kids and just found out I am pregnant. Need advice?
Iphone 5s - 14 years old?
Do I need to check if I'm pregnant?
My period is 1 week late but im a virgin.?
Does this girls name flow?
sister name to go with Marlene?
What are some full names that could be used for the nickname \Addy\?
When the baby has dropped?
Does this seem weird to you? Serious answers only please!?
Creative Ways to tell parents youre pregnant?
Do you think the 'teen' society is messed up?
Is hitting a child with a belt (or other utensil) child abuse?
Which of these names and which spelling do you prefer? 10 Points!?
I think I am pregnant ?
Do you like my favorite names?
When will my first period arrive?
Are ovulation kits 100% accurate?
Myths about cravings?
Which middle name for Mira?
does it sound like my baby has an allergy?
Am i having a missed carriage? 11weeks 5days?
I kind of want an abortion now ...?
one month pregnant and bad nausea.?
should name my son Anthlony?
where can i place a carseat in a car?
What's a good middle name for Delaney? One or two syllables. Thanks!! :D?
activity to do with babies ranging from 6- 14 months?
Trying to conceive, am I not ovulating?
i feel unhappy now and unloved?
Who agrees that Dustin is MOST DEFINITELY A WINNER'S NAME and so is Jonathan? If not, why?
when you get paid at work is it a calender month or every 28days?
Guilty pleasure names?
I don't want children with my fiancé!?
Please advice a baby boy name to call in home?
Bleeding during second trimester?
Which name: Olivia or Octavia?
Son told aunt he hated her?
Son told aunt he hated her?
what are the chances i'm pregnant?
Could i get pregnant?
I have my ultrasound today and I'm 9 weeks, I'm scared as hell because what if there is no heartbeat?
Answer this please???
could i be pregnant? or is it the pill?
Is it normal for breasts to be leaking at 18 weeks pregnant?
Any tips for old felt tip?
Opinions in this boys name?
which of these girls names do you like and Which of them don't you like?
Thoughts on this baby name?
BABY NAMES HELP!!!!!!?
Do you think the name Princeton is posh?
British girls,who of you?
is she really pregnant?
Day 6.. Havent ovulated!? Please help!?
Faint line on two pregnancy tests but not the third one?
Is it possible to get preg b4 period and still bleed?
Are these names too similar for siblings?
Do everyone in America lost their virginity at the age of 12-18?
I need a girl's name and a boys name?
16 and pregnant help?
I think I'm pregnant and I have to take a mandatory gym class!(ADVICE)?
How do I get him to stop overreacting?
does my baby have croup?
Advice on potty training?
Should I miss school tomorrow?
is it normal or not normal?
What middle names sound good with Rebecca?
2 light periods, lots of pregnancy symptoms, but 2 negative tests. Am i pregnant?
Can u plzzz give last names of Faith, Asher, Crystal, Violet, Scarlet?
im 14 and pregnant..what do i do..?
What is a better name for a girl?
Does your toddler like being carried or lifted up in the air?
what kind of person do you imagine when you hear these names?
Pregnant or stress? Help please?
What is going in am I on my period or am I pregnant ?
At what point should I start to worry?
Am I Pregnant? Details inside.?
Trouble with my Mirena coil, am I pregnant? Please help?
Can I be pregnant from semen on the guys hand?
Is Maahi a girl or a boy name?
Ways to end a pregnancy?
Is it too much time away from my toddler?
I'm 14, I'm babysitting my 4 year old sister and I can't get her to go to sleep...what should I do?
Can i get pregnant if my boyfriend could have had semen on his hands but most likely dry?
What are some job options for a 13 year old girl?
12Weeks pregnant possible miscarriage?
help with baby names?
What middle name would go good with these baby names?
For a girl: Juneau vs. Juno?
Am I the only one that thinks it's wrong to get a baby's ears pierced?
GIRLS ONLY: Is it alright if my crop too is see through?
How to get your mom to stop smoking?
My mom thinks i'm stupid?
How tell my mom im pregnant?
Teens: Do you sometimes/all the time feel like High school is/was useless?
how to get toddler to sleep in her bed while sharing room?
is my baby a boy or a girl?
What boys name would match the set?
Teen girls- is it awkward if your dad or mom hears you masturbating with a vibrator?
Late period, no symptoms.?
Should I tell my sister that her son spied on me?
is cevical mucous supposed to change on birth control?
Light period and spotting. Could I be pregnant?
Poll :: best name ideas?
My neighbor has it out for my 9 year old daugher?
I'm raising my child alone kind of right now?
Is it normal to have a lighter period than normal?
I don't get why my mom's so mad?
Constipated and pregnant, help?
Oh my god, could i be pregnant?!?
SERIOUS QUESTION HERE PEOPLE?
only children?? how do they act?
am i having a miscarriage???? oh my god im freaking out pls pls help !!!!! :( :( :(?
Which middle name sounds better with Aubrey and Mitchell?
any advice? girlfriend is pregnant?
MY TURTLE ATE MY BABY CAT>?
I just need someone too give me a good answer?
Could i be pregnant? Help?
What do you think is wrong with my girlfriend?
What boy's name would match?
Is john a cool name or not in your opinion?
Do you guys have super embarrassing stories in high school?
could i still be pregnant?
Once you turn 18, do schools stop calling your parents about absences?
How do I get my 4 month old to stop breastfeeding and take a bottle?
TEENS: what's for homework?
Do you like the name Narcissa?
2 week old with whitish layer on tongue, what is it?
Jill or Alice? (For a story)?
Do i tell my mum where my sister is?
Am I pregnant?? No pregnancy test taken?
Please answer.. why does my dad hate me?
why was i grounded? my mum is being ridiculous?
Diagnosed with blighted ovum at 6 weeks 4 days?
I am currently pregnant with our 4th child and i think i have decided that i dont want?
What should I name my baby boy?
Have you heard about the Gerber Baby Life Plan?
What courses did you take through out High School?
I believe I may be pregnant? Someone PLEASE help?!?
my little sister is such a cry baby?
First month of birth control.. no period?
Had unprotected sex! But he pulled out & I'm not ovulating. Could I be pregnant ?
Teens: Where do you see yourself in 10 years?
Is childhood over by age 17?
What can I give to my 5 year old niece who just lost her father?
how long does it takes for a pregnant lady stomach to gets hard? (usually)?
My crush called another girl Beautiful :(?
Is Silk Soy Milk okay for babies under 1 year? As opposed to formula or cow's milk?
Is it just me, or does it seem odd for a normal 17 year old boy, to sleep with his Mommy every night?
Heyy dont judge me, but im 18 years old 19 this year, and i really want to have a child?
what name is the best on this list?
Easiest child age for parents to divorce at?
is it possible to become pregnant from fingering if your boyfriend had semen on his hand but you licked it off?
What is your favorite and least favorite name (out of these four girl names)?
If guy (17) gets (14) yr old prego and have a kid can mom still get for stagitory rape now that she's 18?
help which middle name for the first?
Which full-name sounds cooler between Christopher Michael and Dustin James?
Full-name-wise, if a Joseph Steven got into a fist fight with a Michael Edward, who would win?
I am 17, I missed my period?!?
What is another name that would fit you?
TEENS: What state do you live in?
How old do you have to be in NEW YORK to be artificially inseminated at a clinic?
TEENS: What's your favorite flavor/ kind of chips?
What are two names you hate?
could i possibly be pregnant?
I'm pregnant with triplets (three girls)?
POLL: Which last name fits these twins best? (For a story)?
looking for first names girls?
Im 120 pounds and 4 weeks when do you think I'll start showing?
Some Marvel themed names?
mommies, i need help!?
Does anyone like these baby names and can anyone give me some nice weird ones?
Teens- What do you think about Bullying?
which is best first or second?
Pick your favourite name?
are you considered a mother when youre pregnant or when the babys born?
what boy name is the best on this list?
What name should I go by?
Is there a better way to set a boundary with someone than this?
my son keeps screaming and crying because kids keep teasing him?
Am I pathetic?! General advice needed?
My fiance likes Washington as a middle name for a boy what do you think?
He named our last born baby girl LOVE is it a good name for a girl?
What do you think of these names?
What do you think of these names?
Katya and Nikolai what do you think of these names?
I have a one year old already and I think I may be pregnant again :) am I?
? Which Name - Wesley Everett Or Weston Oliver?
Traditional Irish baby names?
Could I possibly be pregnant?
? Name 5 Girls With These Initials?
All of my girls' names seems so bland and just not pretty! Help!?
help with first names?
What do you think of the name Kevin Michael?
? Name 5 Boys With These Initials?
WDYT of, Sienna, Whitney & Leo as a sibset?
When Pregnant what are ways to decrease urinating?
How would you describe the name Eloise?
what do u think of this spelling?
what kind of present should I give to a 5 year old boy?
Help! I need some suggestions to help my 14 year old daughter?
daycare provider jealousy?
Which name do you prefer Christopher or Nicholas?
How do i ask my mom?!?
Does this name flow okay?
Baby names for baby girl?
Anyone removed almagam or silver fillings while breastfeeding?
Why d?oes my coochie hurt?
Parents: When do you think my year long boyfriend will \slip up\ sexually?
Which Baby Girl Names Do You Prefer?
Why do some parents not let their kids drink WHILE eating?
what do you think of this?
Good middle names for the name Andrew?
What do you think of these boy and girl names?
How to convince my parents to let me get a second piercing?
Which name: Anya or Anna?
How would you pronounce the name Maiya?
What can I do to get labor started?
Adopting a little girl and her first name doesn't go well with our last name.?
Do you like Noah or Noa?
Do you like any of these boy names?
pregnant and no money?
Really worried about my period. .help?
What do you think of the name Maiya?
How do you pronounce Anya?
2Days Late For My Period , Could I Be Pregnant ?
What are some unique baby names?!?
What M-name would sound best with sisters names?
I think I'm 13 and pregnant?
Can anyone help me pick a girls name?
Teens: How was your day?
Which spelling is best?
Choose the WORST four names on this list?
Which spelling is best for Maya?
Am i pregnant?... Please help.?
What boy names would you suggest to us?
anyone have any good unisex baby names?!?
Why is my mom VERY strict? it's so annoying!!?
What do you think of the names Elsie and Iris? And BQ?
Toddler rubbed her area raw. Help please.?
Photographers present for birth and baby shower type questions?
Which is the best name for this character?
Nutritious snacks for my 1 year old?
my boyfriend says that my diet could be the reason Im not getting pregnant.?
i want to have a baby but i cant afford my own place?
Why do people have kids if life is hard? Honestly, who wants to go to work or school?
After I've had a miscarriage.....?
I need help!! I'm confused?
Not good with kids but want to babysit...?
Is my girlfriend pregnant?
Can you ask for a specific race when adopting?
Isn't it about time daddies of daughters complaints realize we need spiritual pampers in our sheetrock?
How to only adopt one kid?
What should we name my sister?
My sister is afraid to get pregnant. Are there tests to check for this?
Think I've stopped growing?? (I'm 13)?
What are your favourite names?
André, Andrey, Andreas or Anders as opposed to Andrew?
Whats the possibility of Pregnancy [See details ]?
5 weeks pregnant and cramping is this normal?
eliminate 2 names please?
What would you name 10 kids using the top 100 names of 2013?
15 and pregnant help?
Thoughts on these to baby names?
B&G - Baby name tastes - why is this?
What is the best/most common spelling for this name?
Sex on ovulation day..help!!?
What do you think of these names?
What do you think of my daughter's name?
What do you think of the name Agatha?
What are the chances of my baby being breech?
What do you think of the name Sharon?
This or that: names for my sibset?
10 days late on period?
How can test pregnancy?
Thoughts on the name Annabel?
Why do my parents think I'm horrible?
how to cope with not being able to have more children?
Alexa or Alexandra - which name sounds more beautiful?
how can I convince my girlfriend's mother it ok for her 16 year okd daughter to date someone who's 18?
How many of u has had your fist period and at what age?
Whats your opinion??
Would this come across as a cheap valentines day gift?….?
Is my sister starting her period? SERIOUS ANSWERS ONLY!?
? What is a good name for this character?
SHORT Infertility Survery?
Why is it not the norm to be a 40 year old virgin?
What do you think of the name September for a girl?
Why are my parents so unfair?
List of your Top Names, Then?
Seriously freaking out. Could I be pregnant?
Girls, just out of curiosity?
Have you gone to a pt before ?
Nicknames for Francesca?
Is this implantation or how will i kniw?
My friend may be pregnant with my child and won't tell me?
My daughter wants to help?
How can I save money without my foster parents (soon to be adoptive parents) finding out?
How long can a person take off work if they have a baby?
How much does childcare cost daily?
am almost due and my baby is moving too much,is it normal?
how worried shoukd i be?
In order to get braces I had to get my bicuspids extracted I regret it so much. Pictures.?
Pregnancy weight gain?
How can I pick my due date?
Female problems, pregnant or ovulation or different?
How to remove pregnancy of 4 weak? plz help me...!?
how do i tell him I'm pregnant?
Me and my gf had sex and she got pregnant, but I didn't????
is this a Miscarriage?
What do you think of the name Paris for a boy?
Period 3 weeks late, no pregnancy symptoms and negative pregnancy test results!?
BC & Pregnancy. Help Please.?
Can you please tell me, what benefits can i claim as a single parent?
Is it my baby that I'm feeling?
Any expecting mom, have you experienced this?
WDYT of, Sienna, Whitney & Leo as a sibset?
its been three months since my last peorid. it hit me out of no where but I was having abnormal peoirds.?
hiiii frndzzz how to remove my dark circles plzzz give best answers?
I am currently pregnant with our 4th child and i think i have decided that i dont want another child ?
Could my baby have autism??
What would you name 6 kids?
is my baby bunny ok? hiccups grinding teeth?
What do you picture when you hear these names?
Two names - which one do you prefer?
Could I still be pregnant?
Can anybody recommend a good free breastfeeding app?
My little brother keeps on saying his arm hurts? Help?
What are girls names like these?
What do you think of this name for a girl?
12yr old wont wear her hearing aid, what do i do?
Could I be pregnant? Help!!!!?
which is best still having troubles?
31 weeks pregnant and itchy vagina?
What do you think of these boy and girl names?
breasts producing milk after tubal ligation?
how to know if im infertile?
which spelling do you like for Madelyn?
what age do you think i am?
can you avoid pregnancy if he cums inside you a little?
Out of this list, which boy name and which girl name do you like best?
Do they check if your pregnant before giving you birth control?
How can I save money without my foster parents (soon to be adoptive parents) finding out?
I have a miscarriage?
Toddler talking question?
Does this kids name sound good?
Is 5'1 considered short for a 14 year old?
What's up with the social view that any kid who grows up with money is a spoiled evil brat?
Can you get pregnant the last day of your period?
If you want to name your daughter after the color Green, what names are from green, please?
My ex gf might be pregnant?
Could I be Pregnant or just wishfull hoping?
unprotected sex. am i pregnant?
Terrible threes!! advice?
how do I request a DNA test?
Could I be pregnant or am I worrying?
14 weeks pregnant with twins....?
what would you do if you were a foster parent and two kids wanted to date each other?
My boyfriends mom seen my twerk video ! What do I do?
Who is easier to raise? Boy or Girl.?
Should we have sex every day?
chances of pregnancy?
Heard my parents having sex HELP?
I am 2 months late. Not normal. I have had two negative cvs hpt. I feel and look preggo. Could I be?
where should we parents hide are \stuff\ I don't want my kids finding it?
Can my gf get pregnant after having unprotected sex on the last day of her period?
My daughter has a rash all over 8months old?
What are some of your favorite place names + BQ?
How can I help my mother pronounce this name?
how to tell if your girlfriend is pregnant?
Which name: Asher or Ashton?
Which name: Blake or Blaine?
Thoughts on the name Roxana?
What are your children's names?
What girl names would you use for these initials?
TEENS : What do you want to be when you grow up and why?
WHY DO MEN BECOME OBGYN's?
Why is my 4 yr old so mean and defiant?
movement in the uterus?
How do you help a girl in labor ?
What are the chances of my school having a snow day tomorrow?
Is Gatorade safe during pregnancy?
Why is there an age when people are expected to end their childhood?
how long for contractions before labor?
Couldn't spanking count as child abuse?
What would Skylar and Bryan be as a couple name?
Help! I need advice....?
What do you think of these names?
Thoughts on the name Bridget for a girl and BQ?
she got told off by her mum but i feel at fault, what do i do?
Chance or Chancellor for a boys first name?
Which name do you prefer?
I'm pregnant but the father and my mother want an abortion, what should I do?
Is it normal or odd for a 15 year old boy to be talking to himself?
How much do you love babies/kids?
Can I get pregnant the week before my period comes?
I dont know if im pregnant or wat?
Earliest u can tell that you're pregnant?
Is there a point in being adopted when you become 18?
Which names sound better?
Need a answer about the pregnancy?
Which name do you prefer?
Which name do you prefer?
How can I tell my friends and family that I never want to date?
Do you consider 'Cody' a male or female name?
I'm so scared I may be pregnant, what to do?
Can you get pregnant on period and first week of birth control?
Help which names sound better together?
Bleeding sonce Christmas?
Am I pregnant or is it something else?
Which of these names sound decent?
Can my ex girlfriend be pregnant with my child?
Do you think I'm I diet obsessed?
Want to have a baby help !?
how to get a month old baby to sleep in her crib?
Do you like Classic, Unique, or Trendy names?
17 and pregnant?? Pls help?
Opinions on the name Ace?
1year of trying hard to TTC?
Is this a sign of pregnancy?
Why do people always suggest to adopt a puppy instead of a baby?
What boy names would you use for these initials?
Audra, Aubrey or Autumn?
What do you think of the name Dorothy?
Do you believe in symbolic messages in dreams and/or real life?
why do some moms put their kids off on everyone else then when taken to court cry that they want their kids?
trying to pick the perfect middle name?
What are my chances of being pregnant?
Accidents that happen in the home?
missed misscarage help please devastated.?
Can you get pregnant without having sex?
What name would match me?
11 weeks pregnant. Are these feelings just hormones?
Middle names for Cooper and Riley?
I need some baby gift ideas!?
What are some other ways I can get my baby to gain weight without switching to full formula?
Opinions on this baby name?
Thoughts on the girls name Meredith?
Do you prefer Laura or Lauren?
My period ended a week ago, and my guy didnt use a condom last night, will I get pregnant?
After sex a hpt? Accurate?
Who has vaccinated their child or themselves and suffered no ill-effects?
this or that help please?
What do you think of the name Nicholas Tyler?
Which name do you prefer?
Name 12 kids from around the world?
Which spelling and opinions plz :)?
Which one do you prefer? And BQ?
Which middle name for Camden?
trouble breathing at night?
Can sperm travel through 5 layers of clothing?
Do I have mental disorder?
Is there such thing as private acting classes and are parents allowed in with their child?
Husband and I cant decide on a baby boy name, suggestions?
Don't judge need advice???
Can I shave after my c-section?
I took two hpt they had both lines but very faint is it a positive?
Birth Control (Missed a pill) ADVICE!?
New found name wdyt ?
Who are some of you favorite youtubers (or who are you subscribed to)?
Your 5 favorite girl's names that end with \a\?
Took morning after pill 9 weeks ago, had 3 periods but still worried?
Can British people adopt from North Korea?
hard tummy all the time 33 weeks?
Has anyone actually gotten over losing your baby son/daughter?
Which has more radiation?
Was nephew pranking? Did it go too far?
Is this a good sib set?
Can I have unprotected sex if I have PCOS?
Toddler waking up crying? Not night terrors?
Opinions and rates on the name Edward Finley?
15 and I'm roughly 5 weeks pregnant?
Teens: Do you enjoy Valentine's Day?
I slept with my lady on the 24th December and on the 8 of January she told me that she is pregnant is it true?
is kresslynn a good name for a girl?
if your mom doesn't like yr boyfriends what do you do?
Which way would be the best spelling of these twin names ?
How to cope with anger twords your younger children when you are pregnant??
i had unprotected sex yesterday, how long do i need to wait before taking a pregnency test?
Adopting when you've had DHS involvement.?
your top 3 favorite names?
I am 39 1/2 weeks pregnant and my mucous plug just broke. How long after do you think I will go in lab?
Which do you prefer Scott Jason or Paul Elias?
In order to get braces they took out my 4 bicuspids. Pictures.?
What do you think of the name Ania for a girl?
Choose the WORST five names out of these?
im 13 and me and my boyfriend kinda had sex yesterday im worried that i could be pregnent?
Which set do you like best out of these?
Any natural heartburn remedies for pregnancy?
plaes help i am so scared!!? COULD I BE PREGNANT?
Do you have to be really pretty to be a cheerleader?
Why are all the girls these days too lazy and motivated to get off of their lazy butts to cook for us guys?
Teens: What are your opinions on abortion?
how can I sneak my pantiliner and tampon into the bathroom at school?
Pregnant and want know opinion on all these names?
can you be pregnant and not know you're pregnant?
Pregnant, missed pill %% ????
possible pregnancy? help?
Which name sounds better ?
First names for the middle name Karina? +BQ?
Is it right for a mom to be sleeping in late everyday?
what do you call a 6 year old kid boy?
Is heartburn a sign of pregnancy?
Camden Elliot or Camden Reece?
Teens: Do you have any internet friends?
What name is better for a boy Porter or Preston?
Is \Wyzdom\ a good baby name?
Pregnant or Pill? Please help I don't know what to do?
What should my parents do?
chances of me being pregnant?
How would you pronounce Leila?
is normal delivery so painful?
Will I get pregnant while on the pill take it everyday but different time?
I am pregnant with a baby boy, need help with baby names!?
I am pregnant with a baby girl, need help with baby names!?
Answers please!? 19 and pregnant how do I tell my parents?
I started practicing the fertility tracking method as birth control.?
I need this photo from Disney Frozen. Do you have it? 10 Points to whoever does!!?
Is my life pointless without children?
How does Reading Children's Books to Kids also help Adults (Parents, Teachers) Connect Emotionally?
Could I Get Into an Ivy League School?
Russians' opinion on the name ???????/Arkhelay?
Middle names for Finley?
Best place for baby to sleep?
How many weeks pregnant till baby can hear outside the womb?
Am I pregnant? Delayed positive HCG test AND faint positive this morning?
Parents: What should I do?
How much should a month old eat in ounces and how often?
How do you show your parengs that you can live without them?
Is it okay to beat your child unconscious for shoplifting?
Could I be pregnant?!?
WDYT about this girls name ? x?
I'm having a baby boy, I'm try to look for a second name that matches with Reynaldo?
Worried about anorexic friend who's breastfeeding?
would I be pregnant?!?
First name suggestions for middle name Matilda?
How many scans before they say my friends got twins?
which name do you like better Adamo or Adriano?
If you had 8 daughters,what would you name them?
Is it possible to be pregnant after you had just been?
im scared im going to be a bad mom?
Why wouldn't she want me to date her brother?
Wdyt of the name Rachel?
What do you think of the name Brett?
Do you think I'm trying to grow up too fast?
What are the chances of getting pregnant from pre cum?
which middle name is best?
Doesn't it seem like the kids of religious parents have sex as much as other kids?
I always get judged because I'm a pregnant teen.?
how possible is it to get pregnant from presperm?
Any Baby names which aren't weird?(e.g. mallentea)?
Can stress delay a period?
What is at least one middle name for each?
New parents can you answer these questions please for 10 points (:?
Exact day of conception?
Which name do you like best out of these?
How would you pronounce the name Aveline?
Which name do you prefer?
I'm 17 and my X girlfriend just called and told me that she thinks she is pregnant. What should I do?
middle name help please?
My Period's Irregular but WAY later then usual... 1month & 1-2weeks...?
I have a 37 day cycle and all the calendars say i ovulate around the 20th of January?
My Period's Irregular but WAY later then usual... 1month & 1-2weeks...?
Is it possible she might be pregnant after unprotectedsex after her pperiod and contraception pill?
Have you ever seen a mother not want her second child because it wasn't the gender she wanted?
NW Ohio looking to adopt?
What would you name 10 girls with these names?
What do u think about the name emily?
pick the one you like best?
Wdyt of the name Havana for a girl?
I missed my period by 2 weeks and pregnancy test are coming back negative! help!?
How to ask out for a date to a teen girl?
TTC for the past 3 months since my miscarriage?
When a woman smokes during pregnancy, can it cause speech difficulties in their child?
Thoughts on the name Aoife (EE-fer)?
i have a normal 28 day cycle however my period is only 2 days long is this ok ?!?
If my pregnancy result is positive?
Does the bible give an age where you should spank your child?
Am I pregnant?? plz help me...ans my ques,,Ill answer yours....?
Blood in baby poop?!?
could i be pregnant or not ?
Do you like the name Islotta?
smoking while pregnant?
Vaginal bleeding or period?
What Is your first Pregnancy Appointment called?
I feel so sorry for my little boy. is it silly?
8 weeks pregnant no morning sickness?
Am I pregnant? I'm really scared.?
A few baby name questions?
Is hitting your child effective?
How do I MAKE my daughter leave/get rid of her boyfriend?
Should I buy condoms if im single?
Who else is in love with Tobias/Four from the book Divergent?
Which boys name Shane or Blake?
am I pregnant or is it something else?
I'm worried about my friend? Opinions please?
This or that girls names?
10 day delay in my period...am I pregnant?
Shy teen looking for a job?
Americans, I need your help. 10 points?
Pregnant and worried about weight gain?
In highschool and Is it possible I can be pregnant?
What is mean by adolescent?
Braxton Hicks? Or back labor??
Has anyone ever had a light period and found out they were pregnant?
If a person born on August 19th got into a fist fight with a person born August 23rd, who would win?
Im feeling nervous for my new job as a childrens entertainer and need advice??
how much sleep do I need?
How old was your child(ren) when they started sleeping in a bed?
could i be pregnant.?
Could someone answer please?
How to know when you have ovulated?
Ways to get my 3 year old son to call me mommy?
What would you name yourself?
will doctors schedule a c section early?
could i be pregnant.? please answer..?
Sibling name for kashton? [BOY] Help Please!?
what name starts with E and ends with E ?
My girlfriend might be pregnant?..?
How to get parents off my back?
If you were a parent would you find this weird?
How I Convince My Parents to let me keep MY Computer in MY room?
POST PILL (BC) PROBLEMS PLEASE READ?
my girlfriend skipped her NuvaRing & we had sex that Monday.?
Good baby names boy and girl?
does sex induce labor?
Where can I get an abortion in Memphis, TN?
if my periods supposed to come with 5 days but i think im pregnant?
Abortion in Oklahoma?
How to get Custody in NJ?
Baby boy names. Wolfgang. or Aiden?
What can I do, I have serious BABY FEVER!?!?
Why is my toddler acting strange while sick?
How do I break my baby from this?
WHY DO OLDER GUYS HIT ON ME AND THINK I'M OLDER THAN I AM?! I'M 14?!?
Rate my name list...?
Middle names for these boys names?
I am an healthy 23 year old women who has been ttc since march 2013 with no success. I?
a female name that you really love?
My Ex-Girlfriend Thinks She's Pregnant But I Did Not Ejaculate Inside Of Her?
Nervous about bringing my mom to school?
So were having twin girls and were set on Haddie Lynn but we can't find another name we like help please!!?
How to tell if your pregnant without taking test?
WDYT of the girls name Kendra?
How do I tell my mom I've had sex?
which diaper do you like the best?
what will be the names of your kids if you ever had?
What would you name twins matching these names?
Do you poop twice as much when pregnan?
pick the one you think is best?
if you have a kid when you dont have the money for it who pays for it?
opinions on the name Jonathon?
How common is it for a 5-6 year-old girl to explore sexually?
What ate the side effects of the abortion pill?
I need a list of 5 names?
My dad always yells at me. What should I do?
What do old people do when no one is around?
my daughter is a month old and wont latch to eat..why?
Rate these names please?
My 3 year old son call me by my first name ?
what are other spellings for this name?
Which name do you like best?
Public housing requirements for teenagers 17-19?
I seriously need help like right now?
help with names please?
Teens- What is something you're good at?
cute country baby names?
breastfeeding and no period but slight spotting last week, possibly pregnant?
is Clair a male name? wth?
Teens: Do you have any famous relatives?
Implantation or light period?
Why do people spell my name Jonathan J-O-N-A-T-H-O-N instead of J-O-N-A-T-H-A-N?
Can someone talk me through the specific steps of having the abortion pill?
pregnancy question somebody answer?
Elimination last round girls?
What countries can you flee to in order to dodge child support obligations?
What should I do to deal with wanting a baby?
17 year old can't focus on homework. What should I do?
If a toddler throws up once does that mean they are sick?
Which name should I name my baby boy?
Girl names easily pronounced in English and Spanish?
Opinions on this name for a boy?
I feel really bad, what do i do?!?
I'm about to start doing home based child care for my state.. does my son need a bed in his room?
What would you name six kids? (C and M names)?
I'm 17 and my parents always yell at me. What should I do?
I am 39 weeks pregnant and my mucous plug just broke. How long after do you think I will go in labor?
Teens: Have you ever done yoga?
tears from birth!!! any ease?
how can I controll 2 crazy 10 year olds?
What do you think? Pregnant or not pregnant?
Which name do you like the most?
What do u think of these names?
I need some help here please!?
What do they call a French kiss in France?
Why is everyone obsessed with weird names now a days?
Is there any way to keep a 10 week old up?
My son's diaper rash will not go away! I have tried many different creams!?
Do you think I'll be 5'11?
Can you see a baby on a ultrasound at 4 weeks?
How long do you have to wait to take a pregnancy test?
implantation bleeding or something else?
A few baby name questions?
Thoughts on the name Jude for a girl?
Boy names that are easy to pronounce in English and Spanish?
I think I could possibly be pregnant??? Need answer ASAP 10 points?
I am a guy with rh negative blood and my girlfriend is in the ABO group..?
Am I possibly pregnant?
Can you get pregnant on first day of period?
I cant wait for my period i need help?
Help with crying baby!!!?
Struggling to concieve.. What could be wrong?
Struggling to conceive?
Since when has birth control been a good i dea for teen girls?
How early can you see a baby on a sonogram?
What is a good middle name That starts with an i for summer?
Is this normal for a four month old?
Why do parents always assume high schoolers are havjng sex??
Why do parents abuse their own kids?
Teens: Would you date someone shorter/taller than you?
how can i get off or punishment?
How many kids do u want/already have, and what are their names?
lost and confused what to do?
moms who's babys go to sleep between 8-9?
Did you know what you wanted to be when you were a child?
Middle names for Elsie?
My mom is being overprotective and snoopy, what do I do?
Which girl name: Grace or Gloria?
What is your favorite snack?
Choose your favorite girl name for each letter (A-J)?
How do you put a 2 month old into this carrier?
What should I name my etsy sewing shop?
Which name is better ?
Can I get pregnant from snorting cum?
This really big sibling set of 7?
Which boy's name do you prefer?
can asking a child leading questions influence the childs answer.?
Which of these 3 names do you like best?
What do you think of it?
Which names do you prefer from this list of girl's names in order from best to worst, please?
I am 39 weeks pregnant and my mucous plug just broke what can I expect now? Am I going into labor?
My fiance wants to get a part time job as a Lifegaurd what should he do?
What are your favourite boy's names from this list in order from best to worst, please?
Which name for a boy?
im 18 and im pregnant by my 16 year old bf. PLEASEEE HELP !?
What do you think of the girl's name \Estelle\?
What are your favourite virtue names/ some new suggestions for virtue names?
WDYT of the name Alyson?
Could it have been implantation bleeding ? Please answer someone.?
Has a name's meaning ever stopped you from using it?
Is this a positive test?
How much people do you know with these names?
Thoughts on these boy names?
Late period-teenager?
Trying to conceive, could I be pregnant?
does weed affect pregnancy?
What do you think of the name Serenity and Serena?
From this list which 5 names do you like least?
What are some girl names you consider beautiful?
are these names too similar in spelling?
Can an Ectopic pregnancy show up as negative on a home pregnancy test?
which name do you like best?
Cute girl names starting with \E\?
Stomach issues? Not sure if bug or pregnancy symptom?
pick your favorite and least favorite names from this list?
Not long found out I'm pregnant, but don't know any baby boy names that I love.?
So I'm 15 and I'm between 2 or 3 weeks pregnant?
can this get me pregnant?
what are some good home workout?
Can i be pregnant? we used a condom then took it off.?
Boys names what are you favorite????
Should I shorten my name?
Is it normal to want to see girls naked when you are in 9th grade?
What do you think of these 3 girl names?
When your kid gets a stomach bug, do you get it too?
I am 39 weeks pregnant and my mucous plug just broke what can I expect now? Am I going into labor?
What would you name this child?
Choose the WORST six names out of these?
Is it different with your second child?
What are you typically supposed to give as a Christening gift?
Name three girls using these?
what are my chances of having twins?
How do you feel about your parents reading messages you send to people?
8 month's old and still won't sleep?
8 month's old and still won't sleep?
Period and abortions..?
Afraid my ex won't believe I'm pregnant?
Is it accurate or not? Need to worry?
I am 39 weeks pregnant and my mucous just broke what can I expect now? Am I going into labor?
I have a close friend that s in alot of pain she keeps asking for these pills that I never heard of there blue?
What do you think of the boy name..?
People who live below us won't stop pounding on the wall?
WDYT of my dream childrens names?
i had sex once i did not bleed and am not sore we used a condom but my period is late am i pregnant?
advice on a name por favor?
you know the surname Moore, what first name could I get out of Moore, please?
Is 17 days after sex too early to take a first response pregnancy test?
names chosen is i have 5 children, WDYT of them?
Name combos for girls?
Biting and breastfeeding?
What would you name five kids using these names?
red kool aid red stool 18 months old?
Can women have more babies with a C-section?
What can I use to get milk off of my newborn's tongue?
. One day late now brownish bloody discharge?
Which spelling looks better?
Is childbirth really that bad or are women exaggerating?
What are the main reasons why people want to have kids?
What do you think of the name Noah David?
Could I be pregnant ? Help ?
what boy name goes with dorothy/dot?
Which name do you like best out of these?
What do you think of the name Angela for a girl?
Which name do you like best out of these?
Late, light period, but two negative pregnancy tests?
elimination last round boys?
When should I test for pregnancy?
Pick 2 of the 3 following girls names?
Why does my mom and dad act as if they were good parents to me growing up?
which set do you like best?
Why do woman eat white dirt during pregnancy?
Since these are experienced...?
What do think of the name Josie for a girl?
What are some Japanese names for boys?
how can you tell when a baby is teething?
Which girl name is better out these 3 names?
Can I take a pregnancy test at 6 weeks and it will be accurate?
What do you think of these names?
What do you think of the name Reid?
can you let me kniw if this will stared labor?
What Should I Name Him?
help putting names together?
What do you think of these names?
What is the weirdest spelling you've seen for a child's name?
Why are some parents so stupid when it comes to Internet use?
A brief comment on these few boy names please?
What is a good girls name that goes with this?
Make name combos out of these names?
Thoughts on these 4 boys names?
Knit baby blanket or Quilted baby blanket?
Can heavy petting cause pregnancy?
What are some names to go with these?
What are the chances ...?
yes. baby is breastfed. her poopoo is is like pellets. at 6weeks not making poopoo is this healthy?
Baby Names.... to cheesy?
why do people not like this name?
Parents Why do you buy your children video games rated 18+, KNOWING it's for adults with sex in it?
What to use with control pills besides condoms?
Boy and girl names HELP ?
Parents: How to reduce our food bill?
hi. my baby is 6weeks and is constipated. she has not made poopoo for 2days now. can i give a bit water?
im 30 weeks 1 day.. my baby has dropped alot?
WRITING A SHORT STORY need help with names?
What are your favourite regal/aristocratic inspired names?
I had unprocted sex and took the morning after pill on the same day and on the next two days I had unprotected?
Please help me quit smoking?
is it wrong that I'm thinking of her like this?
What are your thoughts on the girls name Cressida?
? WDYT of these boy names?
How to get a guy NOT to like me!? He's obsessed!!?
elimination girls round 4?
Which of these 4 names is preferable?
Adopted vs Biological??
elimination round 4 boys?
If sperm was on the vagina is it a possibility to get pregnant?
what one sounds best?
Implantation bleeding ? 10 points best answer.?
Pregnancy Need answers bit confused?
Should I tell my friend?
Would you please suggest some names?
Is it possible to be pregnant from this?
Middle names combos, which would you chose?
I need someone that can tell me who is posting anonymous bs on my gf's ask.fm profile?
What do you think of my baby names?
what are your absolute favourite girl names?
Am I pregnant? Period is usually not this late?
is it to early to check if she's pregnant?
I need some unique baby girl names!?
Could I be pregnant??? Please help.?
What do I need for breastfeeding ?
I asked a question about adoptions.......?
Scared to tell my mom about period...?
How possible is it to get pregnant if you took the morning after pill?
In desperate need of girl names!! Help!!!?
pain when taking deep breath?
I have a nine month old doberman bitch when should I expect her to have her first season?
Any pregnancy symptoms one can never be aware of or hardly see?
What are some Scottish girls names?
Middle name suggestions for Arabella?
Make names with the names listed?
What do you think of the name Magnolia?
What are your favourite traditional English names?
how do teen girls know they have wide hips or not?
So I had sex with my sisters?
Why do mothers think only THEIR opinion matters ?
What do you think of these unusual names?
Scar tissue burning and hurting?
Do Ectopic Pregnancy show up on a pregnancy test as a positive?
Am I pregnant?... Implantation Bleeding or period?
My period is late-teenager?
I want to get pregnant what must do?
Im 15 and prgnant but not from my boyfriend?
Naked children what is wrong with people?
Help with a first name for Evangeline?
WDYT of these spanish boy names?
is this chix prego or ???
my menstrual cycle is late can I be pregnant?
What are the ugliest names in your opinion?
What which name would you rather?
I am ready to have a babh but I feel that I am not?
Could my girl be pregnant? What are the chances she is?
Is it possible to dream the same dream?
WDYT about finding out the gender of your baby? + Have you/would you?
Miscarriage confused and upset?
whats wrong with the name Jessica?
Not producing enough breast milk and health visitor telling me not to switch to formula?
help with baby names?
Help with moving toddler to a bed?
so im wondering if its a boy or girl?
Help with names please?
I'm 16 and pregnant!?
Can Storytelling Teach Children Reading Skills while also Teaching Empathy Values (Life Lessons)?
My parents invited me to visit them 5 years after they kicked me out. Any tips?
Why does my big brother snitch on me so much?
can i let my daughter sleep in a?
Teen mom unhealthy relationship?
My daughters' best-friend's mom spanked my daughter?
I had sex, when will I know if I'm pregnant?
My daughter is 25 and mentally ill how could she legally give her child up for adoption, She is mentally 13?
So Two Days Ago, i Had Unprotected s*x, & Protected s*x. The First Time We Used A Condom, Second Time We Didn?
How to convince my mom to let me get a cartilage peircing?
i need advice to speak up to my mom?
What does he mean by saying \you should make you never do it with anyone else.\?
Need Help With Baby Name?
I want to follow my baby's growth, but I don't know which day to put of my last menstrual period?
Teens: What do you like about the state you live in?
I am 17 weeks pregnant. What should do i do about this?
Is it illegal to keep the father of my child away?
How to make a 10yr old stop wetting herself?
I want to take my baby out for a few hours, mom won't let it happen.?
Why do I get picked on for being a 38 year old virgin?
How tall are you?Or were youu at your age?
Fancy pancy-but not too fancy pancy-last names?
If a person born on April 18th got into a fist fight with a person born on April 26th, who would win?
I am 35 week old pregnancy normal delivery possible fetal is in cephalic presentation?
Full-name-wise, if a Corey Alexander got into a fist fight with a William Theodore, who would win?
Is it weird if a 17 year old girl still plays outside?
Middle names for Elsie?
Things for teens to do?
haven't seen college daughter in 2 years?
I was holding a 6 month old baby and I told her I am better than her. Will this harm her?
Can I get pregnant if he didn't go all the way in?
What should I do if my 17 year old daughter exhibits inappropriate behaviour?
Late, light period, but two negative pregnancy tests?
someone help me solve this problem?
Teens, what would your parents do if you got pregnant?
My boyfriend and I are too different?
MY mom hits me and yell at me at little mistakes?
Southern names for boys?
Help!! Middle name for Tyson?!?
Help!!! Idk if I'm pregnant or not!!!!?
I've had a lot of irregular spotting in the last week, advice ?
At what age ( at the youngest) is it safe for a girl to have a baby. This doesn't include money or housing?
Can somebody rate this name?
Do you think I should do this?
I'm confused......Pregnancy symptoms or not?
older guys flirting with me?
Teens: What do you so when you're at school and your friends do this?
what should i do? ???
What do you think of these boys names?
Do you like the name Elsa?
Question about inconsistencies with periods?
so I took plan b but I'm scared that it didn't work. Plz HELP!!!!!!!!!?
Can you order these names from best to worst?
Can or should you have a boyfriend at 11 or 12 in the 6 grade?
Teens: Are you having a fun weekend so far?
Leaving for a big job offer after baby is born?
my boyfriend came outside of mr, but after a few minutes we started to have sex again. can I be pregnant?
Telling rape conceived child about the father?
Is it sellfish that I don't want kids?
Teens: Junior prom dress shopping assistance?
is it unfair of my mum to do this? im 14?
I'm 17, 3 months pregnant and I don't have medical? What do I do?
What do you think of these \unisex\ names?
Teens: Epic Amazing Sharing Time! - 4-part question?
Poll: Name Favorites?
My 11yr old is shy, what do i do?
How to reduce our food bill?
4 month old with cradle cap, help!?
Could I be 13 and pregnant?
There is no way I'm pregnant right?
Uncommon but pretty names?
Sibling name for Presley?
Teens- What do you like to do for fun?
does your mum let you swear?
I am really scared i can not have kids. I need help !?
What's wrong with the name Anthony?
Is my gf really pregnant?
How popular are these names where you live?
What is your ultimate favorite meal?
When you ( or your wife ) were pregnant - Gender Question?
Need long, pretty, elegant names?
how to discipline a child who doesn't stop saying no?
Unique hispanic baby boy names?
Can you get pregnant on your period?
Personal stories, telling child the truth?
What do you think of the name Owen?
help what do you think?
What do you think of the name Liam?
Which name do you like more, Roman or Alexander?
What do you think of the name Clint?
Should I switch over to full formula or should I just stick to what I am doing?
What do you think of the name Alan?
Which video baby monitor is better, the Motorola MBP41 or the MBP43-2?
I am 22 weeks pregnant?
Which do you prefer Victoria or Vanessa?
I'm 16 almost 17 and 6 ft 1 1/2 my dad is 6 ft 7 and my mom is 5 ft 2 or 4 will I grow anymore I hope so:(?
what do you think of this name?
I asked a question and I don't know where it went, what to do?
Abortion..Adoption or keep the baby?
Are board games any better for your child than video games?
What would be a good sibling names to go with these?
What is a boy name that is similar to the girl name Olivia?
Female Japanese Names?
i have been off depo for a week and im thinking about having another baby is it possible for me to get pregnan?
What do u think of these names?
I don't know what to think about my relationship?
Think i might be pregnant?
Rate my favorite girls names?
Who are your favourite YouTubers?
Friend got pregnant and confused?
Kelsey vs Karen vs Kenley?
Chance of being pregnant?
Teens: What's the biggest parenting fail you've seen recently?
Who's fault is it if a child acts rude and entitled?
I ovulated the day I had sex and then took plan b about 53 hours later. will it work for me? plz help!!!!!!?
Which of these \L\ girl name do you like best?
98% percentile at 30 weeks?
I have ben on birthcontrol a full month but..?
I have ben on birthcontrol a full month but..?
Why am I always horny?
Child is vomiting off and on. Please help?
Chores for a toddler?
What do you think of this sibset? 'P' theme?
Teens: Are you craving anything right now?
What do you think of the name Lydia for a girl?
What is a good name to go with this sibling set?
i heard this put you in labor please tell me if it does please?
My mum won't let me wear fake tan?
I am having a baby. I am thinking of Madison Grace. What do you think of that name? Any names that you suggest?
What is your least favorite name trend?
Would these names be too close for siblings?
What do you think of the name Violeta?
So, what name do you like better Landon, Dawson, Lance, Jordan or Nathan?
Girlfriend still able to get pregnaunt?
My dog is 61 days pregnant and I checked her temperature from her vagina and its 98.7 will she begin labor?
WDYT of the girls name Whitney Faith for my daughter?
40 weeks pregnant tomorrow, help?
I like a boy so much but i wann go out with him!l?
WDYT of the name Samson for a boy?
What are your favourite baby names?
What is wrong with my parents? They won't let me access MY money!?
Which spelling for a girl?
What do you think of the name Lana?
middle name for Delaney/DeLaney?
Middle name for Eisley?
4 days late, mild cramps, sore breasts pregnant?
I thik I'm pregnant :(( !!!!!!Help !!?
How can I make water taste better?
Agree? Abortion should be an option only until the fetus...?
am i really 9 weeks prego or 7?
Help! Trying to get pregnant.. am i pregnant?
how long after your baby dropped did you go into labor?
Good middle name for Layla?
How do you feel about unisex names?
So, my daughter's adoptive parents have bribed her into not speaking to me?
any tips for concieving ? its been 7-8 months we trying for a baby but no luck?
Could i possibly be pregnant?? please read?
What did you pack in the hospital bag when you went in for delivery?
My girlfriend's son called me Dad and I don't know how to handle it?
How to introduce a name?
Does your child have to have you last name?
I have a brother who has Autism-should he go to a normal school or a autistic one?
Are we wrong for allowing her to call us mommy and daddy? Advice please?
Would you please suggest some names?
Bored, mom and other things?
What is the feminine form of Kevin?
Should I gain a little weight?
If I were born after midnight, would I actually be born that day?
What do you think of the name Zora for a girl?
What do you think of the name Sabina?
Are you able to come up with names ? Take 2?
pregnant by ex... confused?
When should I take a pregnancy test?
So I could do with some advice about this?
Which of these is your favourite?
Do you think there' anything wrong with bringing your kids into the liquor store?
MY DIARY IS STUCK IN THE TOILET?!?!?!?!?
Who thinks the names Dustin, Justin and Jonathan are winners names and Alexander is a losers name?
Can I get pregnant if I have been fingered and he had sperm stuff on his finger?
Why do so many people hate these names?
11 day old baby has dry skin on face?
Be honest; does this name fit in with the rest?
Wdyt of these names we decided on for our baby?
18, five weeks pregnant, and father is leaving to join the military?
If my waters are leaking would it show protein in wee?
please help me im only 15?
When I grow up I want to adopt?
Was that my period.....?
short Irish names for males?
Pregnant and baby hurts when he/she moves?
My niece was born yesterday but I think they measured her wrong? Her weight seems to low compared to length?
Wdyt of this name for girl?
What race is the name Raul usually associated with?
My period blood is brown? Am I pregnant?
I think I am to tall?
Can you still get pregnant if i have irregular periods?
Help please....advice needed!!!am I pregnant or just stressing myself out?
Moody,cold,distant 13yr old?
What is your opinion on the name \Pavel\ for a boy?
Thoughts on the name Jackson Lewis?
I'm 16 years old & my Mom still treats me like I'm 10.?
Being a felon can I still adopt?
Can a girl get pregnant from pre-cum?
Can implantation bleeding be heavy and last up to 5 days?
Could I be pregnant ?
missed period but pregnancy test says negative?
should i name my son Jiminy or Jimothy?
28 weeks pregnant and i smoke a pack a day. Help!!!!!!!!?
I'm 16 could I be pregnant FREAKING OUT?
Small bubbles in urine?
Are babies born with accents?
What are the chances of getting pregnant after you go to the bathroom after sex?
Could this be a form of morning sickness?
what happens to cum when it's inside a girl and she doesn't get pregnant?
baby name suggestions?
If you are really bad at drawing at 17 can you still practice enough to become decent?
Please u all give your suggestion. A good baby name required.?
Telling mom about period?!?
Do you prefer homemade food or processed for your kids?
Is physical punishment a good thing ?
What color skin will my kids have?
How does this sibset sound?
Can she get pregnant?
seriously i think i am in trouble(9 week pragnant).?
can you come up with names?
What would you name five boys with these names?
Could i do someday what les stroud did?
Did she lie about her virginity?
Vienna as a name? Thoughts?
What are some of your favorite names?
Which spellings do you prefer?
6 weeks pregnant with horrible lower back pain :( worried that it's something bad. Anyone else have this?
Which sibset would ideally want?
can a stores own brand test show a positive 5 days before periods due?
how much should i charge for babysitting my neice and nephews?
What do you think of these names?
squeezing through between 2 chairs in a restaurant while 35 weeks pregnant?
What would you name six kids? (S and L Names)?
Is Nikola a good name for a girl?
Do you like the name Shea for a girl?
Should I do this....?
Is Annie too nickname-y?
What do you think of William for a boy?
would it be wrong to have zombies as a baby shower theme?
Has anyone ever lost their virginity and found it again ?
How accurate are dollar store pregnancy tests? Are some duds?
Wife is upset over nothing?
Can you get pregnant from swallowing cum?
I regret not having an abortion sometimes?
Can my 15, 13 and 9 year old children choose which parent they wanted to live with?
My mom is forcing me to join a club at school?
Who gets to name the baby in a teen pregnancy?
What are the ten ugliest female names in your opinion?
Is Casper a good name for a girl?
Kirsty or Tara ? Girl names help?
Is this name outdated?
My 4year old son and 3year old daughter have started wetting themselves constantly like its a competition help?
Any advice would be really appreciated!!?
I'm a teen and I have a bunch of money saved up?
Opinions on the name Sasha?
Need help! I'm confused!?
What are your plans for this weekend?
How do I tell her I hate her?
Should I take away my teen's rights?
List of girl names - your favorite? pt 2?
Do you believe this TTC myth?
what do you think about these girls name?
Miscarrying identical twins at 11 weeks? please help!?
Can you get pregnant at age 40?
rate these girl names?
What are your favourite names for girls and boys?
No signs of pregnancy? Reassurance?
we did nothing but this month I missed my periods.Need advice.?
sighns of early pregnancy?
I just had a baby a month ago tomorrow if i take a pregnancy test will it still come up postitve?
What should my name be?
What's the most stressful time of year for teens?
Should i take abortion pills after rubbing our genitals together?
Do I have a right to stop my husband picking up our newborn baby when he reeks of smoke?
lost on baby girl names?
Has anyone taken clomid and then become overdue and taken tests and showed negative any advice appreciated.?
How to date a teacher?
Can you get pregnant with a overactive thyroid gland?
Early pregnancy after miscarriage and 1 year ttc- very worried help please!?
Is it illegal to talk to girls on facebook in scotland. im 16 years old and i sometimes talk to girls younger?
parents took my kids away for a week so I could get uni work done?
What do you think of my favourite names? UPTATED?
minors and adoption?????
how can i get my 4yr old son to gain weight.?
I need a good last names?
Baby Name!! Need Help ASAP Please.?
early signs you might be pregnant with twins?
If you had to name 4 kids....?
am i pregnant? or what els can be causing all of this?
what will happen if you take abortion pills (cytotec)at 14 or 15 week of pregnancy?
What is your top name for a boy and girl?
How can I get my 8 month old to sleep through the night?
Would you be okay being a sperm donor for your female friend?
hi im just wondering if its possible for me to be pregnant? i follow a period calender to help me keep track!?
Why does my Dad act childish at age 38?
21 weeks and a little bit worried ....?
My girlfriend's pregnant but we never had sex. How could that happen?
What were the names of the best sibling set you have heard?
How would u go about finding as much info (ex:phone or personal conversations)as you could to protect ur kids?
What do you think of this sibset? + BQ?
Nonos during pregnancy list help?!?
What is a good space saving bed for toddlers/preschoolers?
How Do I Convince My Parents To Let My Friend Move In With Me?
17 weeks pregnant and worried?
Were you adopted? Could you tell me your story?
New unheard baby names?
Best pads for my daughter?
Are on and off periods normal?
Help naming my daughter?
What do you think of Ezra Noah?
I'm going to be a teen dad, any advice?
My male buddy thinks I'm going to bite him?
How does this name sound for a girl?
Help!!!Baby Help!!!!!?
What do you think of these girl names?
At what age is it ok to finger yourself?
Letting my son potty train himself. 3 1/2 and almost there, any other moms who did the same?
How to losen up my v?
Teens what do you say / do with parents around?
13 and 5 months pregnant may have a miscarrage?
What is a sister name for...?
How do court cases concerning adoption usually go?
What do you think of this sibset; Poppy, Penny and Pippa?
custody battle on my husbands brothers baby??
What do you think of this name as a combiniation of 2?
Does this name fit in with the others?
Newborn sleeping issues?
Parents die, what happens to the child if parents signed over rights in case of death?
Parents dead, what happens to the child?
breasts starting to produce milk again 16months after weaning my son, pregnant again?
Color inspired baby name game, come play?
12yr old is a fussy eater, what do i do?
My mom wont buy me the Samsung Galaxy s3 what should I do?
So me and my bf are having sex right now am I gona get pregnant?
what are the chances of being infertile aftef a natural miscarriage?
I wanna be adopted sort of?
My husband and I cannot afford daycare right now. So, what are some ways I can socialize him with kids his age?
Will jumping jacks help go into labor?
Whatcha guys think of the name Riley Grace for a girl?
Do you like the name Sonia for a baby girl?
Is this a miscarriage?
Hey moms and dads!!! I'm looking in to the baby camera were you put the camera in the baby's crib?
Is it possible that I'm pregnant?
What do you think of the name Polly?
pregnant and really horny is that normal?
Pregnancy or Constipation?
Strange Pregnancy HELP!!!?
Sasha Jennifer? Do you like it?
Pregnant after Protected sex,plan b and 10 negative tests?
What do you think of my neices and nephews names?
How soon can I take a pregnancy test? Early symptoms? Read first before answering.?
Baby name game using surnames?
Strangest Pregnancy ever? 5 weeks 4 days I think!?
Which name do you best Andrew or Steven?
Which name is better Kassidy or Kennedy?
Which set do you prefer out of these options?
what are some uncommon and unique girls/unisex names?
Teens: Who was the last person you argued with...?
has anybody here ever had a baby dream before they got pregnant?
Is their a possibility that I'm pregnant?
Name rates, opinions & suggestions?
10 weeks pregnant and soo tired...?
what are manly & not unisex male names?
Help ?! Please answer! Don't know if I'm pregnant?
Do you think that these names sound too similar?
do you these names are too similar?
Please rate these names from 1-10, And please explain why.?
Could my GF be pregnant?
list of female names?
My 3 yr old asked how are babies made and not to lie to her?
Rich sounding names??
Teen girls: short!! where do I find this?!?!? :)?
Rate these names please?
Is teaching kids sex at age 6 too young?
Stupidest thing you've heard recently?
SCARED HELP ME :( Pregnant?
Some one please help me understand this?? Could this be early pregnant signs?
What do you think of these girls names?
Some one please help me understand this??? Could this be early pregnant signs?
What is a good mermaid name?
Relationship falling apart after miscarriage. Don't know what to do.?
Name 10 kids using randomly generated names?
Opinion on these names.?
What was your favourite and hardest years of your child's development?
Do you like the name DEXTER?
Which name: Nora or Vera?
What middle name is better?
Opinions on the name Gretel?
Pregnancy Symptoms HELP?
name kids using these names?
What are some old-fashioned girl names that are uncommon and don't end with \a\ + BQ?
What's your favorite popcorn flavors?
Are There Black Babies?
My toddler is afraid of the vacuum?
what should I buy myself?
Higher chance of pregnancy?
Do you like this female name?
Which name is the best from this list?
Wdyt of the name Heath?
Teens: Do you have any big trips planned?
take pregnancy test while on your period?
Complete these Families?
Please help me... I cannot cope with my brother in laws pregnant girlfriend. :(?
4 pregnancy test positive only after a week and some days after sex?!?
baby shower drama! what should i do?
how to stop biological clock from driving me nuts?
how to stop biological clock?
Kids mother not putting time limit with electronics?
Period 1 day late, cramping, 3 negative test?
I'm looking for opinions on baby names?
How late were you when you finally got a positive test?
Names to go with Kelli?
Why are my parents jerks sometimes?
What do you think of my favourite names?
When was the first time you left your baby?
who is 17 and has no kid.?
Tanning during pregnancy?
I really need some advice my friends are ignoring me?!?
I already got my period does that mean I'm not pregnant?
Omg some one please help me?!?'?
How big is my chance of pregnancy?
Do you think changing a child to another classroom in the middle of the school year is a bad idea?
TEENS: how do u feel wen girls cry?
Why does my 38 year old dad act dumb?
Would you continue to stay with a man and have another baby from him when he knowingly gave u the virus?
What do you think of Andre Xavier Rico?
What's your opinion about abortion ?
My parents are restricting what I do a lot because of my grades, when my grades are good. Any advice?
Baby name for my babygirl?
What are your least favourite names?
What do you think of my favourite names!?!?
Is Heaven a tacky name?
Do you like the name Eric for boys?
What are some first or middle names to go with Jacob after my brother?
Which name: Annie or Evangeline?
Do you like the name Clara?
Spotting for 10 days..is it normal?
match your favorites w/these first & middle initial names :) I was inspired by another Yahoo Questioner, ok?
I can't find the perfect middle name for Macaulay?
This or that girl and boy names?
How much would it cost to get a sperm donor, use my egg, and have my gf carry the baby? (Lesbians)?
Teens: Do you believe in global warming?
Narnia for a girl's name?
Names with these initials?
there's Noel for a male, but then there's Noel or Noelle for a female, I do have a question, please?
Why do I hate children?
babysitting help for friend?
My 14 year old step daughter asked me to have sex with her I told my wife and she said she's ok with it?
Does this mean my baby might come on time or earlier?
Reliable place to look into adoption?
Artificial insemination at home?
? Which Middle Name For Ivy?
what are my chances of getting pregnant need to know ASAP?
5 days after unprotected sex during ovulation. (EASY 10 POINTS) PLEASE ANSWER.?
Adopting a child before or after your own biological children?
What do you think of these names?
What do you think of the name Milagros?
What do you think of the name Miranda?
What do you think of the name Veronica?
im pregnant and alone and very sad?
Pregnancy Help? Very Confused!?
Make names with these initials?
Just wanting some advice from other moms out there. Could I be pregnant?
Implantation bleeding?
Thoughts on the girls name Arabella?
Strawberry aallergy in 5 year old?
What would you charge to watch 3 kids for 48 hours straight?
Which middle is preferable?
What is a boy's name like Edward?
Pregnancy wise tales :)?
Which name is better?
how far along were you when you found out if you were having a boy or a girl?
Miscarriage or is it Nothing?
what r some Arabic baby girl names?
Middle name for Jade that doesn't start with a vowel?
stay at home moms with jobs.?
stay at home moms with jobs.?
Could I be pregnant I really need some answers?
How to tell a parent a roach came out of their diaper bag?
What do you think of the song I wrote for my daughter?
How can i use my grandmother's SBI locker. she is on bed under doctors guidense she can't walk n talk.?
Part theme ideas for 2 year old b/g twins??
Paying cash in international adoptions?
wdyt of the boys name Sonny Luke?
I have taken several dollar tree tests and they seem to turn positive immediately but then fade?
can i be pregnant if me and my boyfriend came at the same time two days in a row?
do you like the boys name Sonny?
My 3month old has really bad rash on his scalp and his loosing a lot of hair I mean in chunks is that normal?
why ? can any one help please?
Egg donation process and retrieval?
Very short period, anyone else experienced this?
Who is right? My friends or parents?
What isgram positive coccus?
What websites would make a 17 year old babysit?
is this even possible...?
What are my chances of pregnancy?
Postpartum bleeding? advice pls?
I am now father, I'm excited about it but felt out of love of my gf. HELP!?
Late periodddddd!!!!!!?
Opinions on this boys name?
What did your parents get you on your 13th birthday?
Which life would you choose? What would you name your kids?
Could I still be pregnant?
Should we still use condoms? Adult answers please?
Sibling names for Casper?
How many people do you actually KNOW that have place names?
it's this test positive?
I start my period today when do I ovulate?
Cute unique baby girl and boy names?:)?
opinions on the name Ardeley?
I want to be pregnant but my man dont ejaculate inside me and 32 now , what can i do NOW?
##>-BABY NAME GAME-<##?
could i be pregnant? or not?
Which name do you think is best from this list?
Will Starting BC Pack a day later than usual get you pregnant?
What do you think of the name Yasmin + BQ?
Can a toddler have a pacifier after tonsil removal?
I have no one to ask advice from. I believe I may be Pregnant. can anyone give me advice please?
IS IT TOO EARLY TO TEST?
Is it too early to take a test?
I'm having a sleep over for my 13th and. Don't really know what to do as boys are coming aswell ?
Which sibling set is better?
So, is mommy always right?
Parents of kids in T-Ball?
If I had twin girls what would you say if I called them India & Indigo?
Period is late buy negative pregnancy tests?
I'm an adult but i really need some parental advice?
Help! Need advice! Teen mom.?
25 weeks pregnant and my hips have been killing me for the passed few days. Is this normal?
What are some names to go with Jacob as first or middle names?
My 15 year old has had smelly arm pits for a while now. She bathes twice a day and she bathes with antibacteri?
Is it bad to not wear a bra?
Did I deserve a spanking for this?
Which do you prefer, Luca or Daniel?
Implantation bleeding?
Girl sent me a Picture of a postivie pregnancy test that I later found on google how should I react?
Im 14 and wondering if im able to get pregnate ?!?
Please choos name for my baby boy?
Kids change everything right.. what has changed since you had kids?
mix of these two names ?
yay I WOKE UP THIS MORNING, aren't you happy too?
On birth control but could I be pregnant?
Which do you prefer Preston or Boston?
What do you think of the name Vera?
unique Baby Names Both Gender?
No Period, Neg Pregnancy Test.. what could be happening?
What do you think of the name Nigel for a boy?
Could I possibly be pregnant?
Need help with baby names?
I had unprotected sex january 8 my period came on January 11-15 it keep going off and my period went off early?
Redundancy of the morning after pill?
Which do you prefer for boys Boston and Andrew or Boston and Michael?
My parents are cousins?
19, pregnant and scared! Help?
Should I ask my dr to test for std? 35 weeks pregnant?
I am trying to get pregnant and went off of my birth control and antidepressants. Im having major mood swings?
Trying to concieve a baby girl?
List of girl names - your favorite?
does flu enable growth?
Could I be pregnant?
Need help with middle names for b/g twins?
My 5 year old son in kindergarten \hates\ school and cries every night and morning..?
why do people still have kids when the economy is really bad?
Is there a good chance that I could be pregnant?
How should I handle this ?
Could I be pregnant? :S?
My 15 month old isnt eating.?
Can your periods go from being at the end of the month to the beginning of the month ?
Only one fraternal twin had a heartbeat?
How do I get my 2 year old son to eat ANYTHING?
why do parents think they have the right to read their kids diary?
Differences between adoption and formal kinship?
Am i safe to have unprotected sex?
Can you breastfeed in school?
Am I pregnant?! Protected sex. Late period.?
How likely is it to get pregnant off the pull out method?
do you think this is child abuse/neglect, I do?
Do you like the name Ana?
Abortion periods what is going on?
What are your favourite double barrelled first names?
2 year old daughter acting weird towards men?
question on getting tubes tied?
What does prenatal care at planned parenthood consist of?
Why won't he just admit he's checked out of it?
Am I the only one who hates being pregnant?
My period is late but the potency test was negative?? Help!!!!!?
need help with my eating habits!?
Opinions on the girl name Wisteria?
on the pill need help?
Complete this 7 letter word: _ T _ A _S_ Clue: 1. Girls love it. 2. Boys use it. 3. Parent?
Alec or Alex for a boy?
TTC : Baby number 1. advice? X?
TTC: Baby number 1. advice? X?
40 weeks and 1 day pregnant had sweep 3 days ago when will labour start?
What are the chances that I'm pregnant?
Do you consider someone an American if they weren't born in the US, but moved there as a baby?
should I go to school?
Am I pregnant? Please help! No rips and tears in condom but week late.?
pregnant? really looking for some opinions?
am I pregnant? help please!?
WDYT of this baby girl name?
Serious help needed 9 weeks pragnant.?
annoying pregnancy symptoms.. Urgh!?
Help with baby boys name?
What is it like to be a Mum? Is it hard to raise a baby on your own?
My wife is pregnant in her 9th week she need to go for chest X-ray if we take precaution is it safe for baby?
My 2 daughters share a room, one likes the room dark and the other likes a light. Any ideas on?
How log does ovulation last having issues?
15 and pregnant? Just a few simple questions..?
I GOT 4 BABY MOMMAS 2 GET ALONG AND THE OTHER 2 HATE EACH OTHER AND THE 2 DONT WANT TO?
mmr vaccine and autism? parents did you vacinate your kids and do your kids have autism?
Could it b a false negitive?
whats giving birth like?
Question about pregnancy and xraya?
HELP pls is it bad that I don't wax and I'm 14?
My hormones are crazyyyy?
Is it bad to be almost seventeen and still no license?
I'm 35 weeks pregnant almost 36 my nipple and breast been hurting does that mean I have breast cancer?
If my kids don't want to tell me something should I wear a mask & cape to be Super Dad to comfort them?
Neighbors called the police because my 5 year old screams when she can't get her way.?
20 Year Old With Curfew?
Am I Pregnant!!? please help?
Could I possibly be pregnant:.?
started period early again?
best natural foods to conceive?
What day do I take a pregnancy test!?!?
What would you name four children?
what should i do about my 4 month old dry cough?
Is it 100% that a xray will do something to the baby?
Which one of these boys names?
Am I pregnant I'm only 23!?!?
am i pregnant? what is the possible sign?
40 weeks 5 days pregnant. pre-eclampsia symptoms?
Helpppp me please. !!!!!!!?
What can a X-ray do to a pregnancy?
Conceiving a girl?... :-/?
Fetility test came back normal?
Fetility test came back normal?
Can a X-ray hurt a pregnancy?
it wouldn't be a problem, but could i be pregnant?
Can a X-ray hurt a baby during pregnancy?
If I'm sick can I still snuggle with my newborn?
Being threatened to take away my child?
If someone impregnates his mom would the child be his kid or his brother?
I am stuck on these names.. Which one?
is it ok to take baths and is it normal too cramp sometimes?
im 20 and pregnant by my boyfriend he says he isnt ready for a baby and i should get rid of it but i cant?
Could I be pregnant? Negative test?
Do I have to sleep with 8 lb weight blanket?
My 6 1/2 month old baby has a really wet raspy cough.?
bleeding and bloated, could i be pregnant?
I had sex two days before ovulation, and only had sex once...can I get pregnant?
girl names - which ones do you like?
What does your name mean and are you happy with it?
spotting after intercourse?
Getting pregnant from someone who is on Accutane?
Why does this have to be 20 characters??
My son has thoughts of suicide and tells me it was because I abused him as a child?
hey girls!! soo im kind of scared let me tell you guys why ..... i got my period on dec 9 i have been sexual?
Could someone help please?:-)?
very faint positive pregancy test am i pregant?
i am confused about my menstrual cycle?
PLEASE SOMEOME HELP! IS IT POSSIBLE NOT TO SEE YOLK SAC AT 8 WEEKS?
if you had two boys and two girls right now what would you name them?
Im only 13 can i get pregnant?
i dont know what to do?
Missed my period. It's been over a month. Help please!?
38 weeks pregnant and pinkish tissue?
Potty Training please help!?
Trying to conceive! I need some help plesse?
do you think this child abuse/neglect I do?
How long should a first date last?
Is normal that some girls just only feel neasuses when 6 weeks pregnant?
Am I Pregnet ? any positive answer is helpful , please comment !?
I am 16 years old and yesterday 1-13-14 I had unprotected sex twice and he came inside me both times . this af?
pregnant or am i going crazy :(?
can i still get pregnant? my counceler said that i was fertalizing the day that happen?
Negative thinking parents?
............ Read and you will know ...........?
What would a broken Cervix feel like?
why would anyone name their daughter Delilah or Jezebel?
Leah Kaitlyn and Lucy Abigail for twins?
Married for 1 year but not yet conceived?
wierd period or pregnant?!?
how soon can take a pregnancy test?
Opinions on abortions?
Is there any support group for indian women?
Wanting to surprise husband...HELP PLEASE!?
is it possible that im pregnant?
How long till my supply increases?
Is it possible to get an ectopic pregnancy while you're pregnant?
How much should a 5'4 , 14 year old teen girl weight ?
make a first and middle name that goes together with these choices?
Am I pregnant? Idk if it's implantation or my period!?
HELP PLEASE. Possible pregnancy?!?
what is the best way to leave home?
What to do when your friend wants to name her baby girl Mi'Azunique?!?
How can I get my dad to stop snooping through my room?
can a 16yr old girl move out already??
37 weeks now, spotting advice?
I'm 17 my girlfriend is 15 can I go to jail if we have sex?
Are there symptoms of infertility in women?
Is it a boy or a Girl?
What do I say to a bully?
So How Long Should I Wait?
Is implantation bleeding light pink?
does this sound like early stages of labor?
I'm 5weeks pregnant and the doctor can't see the baby?
Can you tell me what's wrong? Could my girlfriend be pregnant?
can I give my baby a bath now?
Im 18 and my girlfreind is 14 i was 17 when we had sex and now shes pregnant. Can i get in trouble?
born on dec22 when was she conceived?
could you be pregnant even if your had your period?
Am i pregnant please help i am really worry?
Can any one tell me,what's a symptoms of pregnancy and at which week it starts?and how to calculate weeks?
I think that im pregnant, who can help me?
What's the chance of my baby having Down syndrome ?
Is there a chance to still be pregnant after negative pregnancy test?
pregnancy? I already asked earlier but I have somethings strange happening I think?
How does my child learn best?
What are the chances my girl can get pregnant?
How can I know if I'm pregnant?
Can a thirteen year old buy condoms?
will it be reasonable to ask for a $150 makeover for my birthday?
Trouble with feeding how to help ?
Baby Boy Name Help Please?
Why would the 2ND child get more child support?
When could I have conceived? (if I am truly pregnant)?
Having ehite clear dischargeant ??! how do i know im pregnant?
could i still be pregnant?
i have been havin light bleeding for three months and also have signs that i could be havin a baby took a test?
Is it normal for someone who is 30 weeks pregnant to have NO belly?
Need help with a babygirl name any suggestions?
I'm 40 weeks and 1 day pregnant what's going on?
WDYT of the name Bryant ?
WDYT of the name Kevin?
Is it possible kicks?
How do I get my ex to agree with me on stuff that has to do with my kids?
Am I pregnant or is my cycle just messed up?
would you rather normally give birth to a child, or lay an egg?
My Grand kids are coming for the weekend.?
What middle name is good with Lauren?
what do you think about these names ?
Help! I ate my neighbors fish!?
How many kids is too many we have 6 ?
What is a birthing stick?
Names that sound good with Rita?
can snezzing hard damage my baby?
Would a CT Scan at 7 weeks definitely show a pregnancy?!?!?
Toddlers belly button is red inside?
Does my pregnancy test look positive? I can't tell? picture..?
How can I ward off other boys evily?
My Aunt is crazy and slightly abuses my one year old niece?? Please help.?
15 year old friend might be pregnant again?
What are some good names for twins?(They are not identical)?
What a complete arabic names for boys ?
I need help finding a Nightmare Before Christmas themed baby book!?
okay can u have a healthy pregnancy?
Help me pick a good baby girl name with the last name Johnston?
40 +4 ....contractions often?
Is my girlfriend pregnant?
I want to have sex but?
I plan to have an abortion?
Birthday gifts for a 15 year old girl?
Two o+ parents ab+ twins?
rate this name please!?
early pregnancy pressure while urinating?
if you ge pregnant while on the pill will your miss period?
What are your favorite classic old fashioned girls names?
Did I have a miscarriage ?
if you had 7 sons what would you name them?
Cry it out method....husband is ruining it!? (1 Answer) 52 mins ago  /  Peaches12  /  Toddler & Preschooler?
what could happen plz i need 2 no.?
Could I get pregnant?
Missed too many pills :(?
Tricks to lose 60 lb in one month?
Words of wisdom to give to a new mother to be?
new york state school bus laws?
Would you rather let a 14 year old let a boy who is a friend over or her boyfriend?
My daughter was taken December 18th 2years before that my other children was taken permanently my social is?
Can you get pregnant after you get a condom stuck inside you after you find it a day later...?
MOMMY POLL: how do you feel about your body post-baby?
Name Help Please?! :)?
Unprotected sex plan B?
Age limits for car seats?
My period is almost never late, and now it's late? Pregnant?
Are my parents to strict?
Pregnancy accuracy opinions please?
is it bad i dont feel guilty?
I need help! Am I pregnant?
I used a condom and did not ejaculate....what are the chances of pregnancy?
Cry it out method....husband is ruining it!?
what should i write in between this?
Depo shot? Travel? Help?
i put calamansi juice @ let it for 5 min. ,rinse off.after taking a bath ill put tawas. do think it will work?
My mom wants to move but I don't?
Don't know if I'm pregnant ? Please answer!?
what is worse having only one child or not having children at all?
Do you like this name?
What is you opinion on these names?
Uti and breastfeeding Dr prescribe Cipro?
Is there a planned parenthood that is cheap?
I'm worried I'm pregnant?
Do Your Friends Make You Feel Embarrassed?
what can I say to my band director to get them to let me play the flute again??
could i be in labor i just need to know i am in.so much pain?
Little black girls ail only draw themselves as white- is that a problem?
How soon did you get your results with your transvaginal ultrasound?
My mom is being really stupid?
Which girl name do you prefer?
please im begging for opinions!?
Period Problems. Girls only?
I've just lost my uncle.....and I need some advice?
Why is it that some women cannot breastfeed their babies?
what are the earliest signs of conception/pregnancy?
Can a teacher get in trouble for this?
could i be pregnant on the nexplanon implanon implant?
Have you ever adopted a child from Japan?
What do you think about the idea of divorced parents with kids sharing both sides of a duplex?
Baby name help & opinions please?
When is my ovulation period,and the best time to concive for male twins?
why do I judge my looks a lot?
What name do you like best for a baby girl?
can you become pregnant after being off the shot for 3 to 4 months?
Should I name my daughter Fiona?
Low HCG levels at 10 weeks?
What do you think of these baby names?
Is my gf pregnant from Precum while on pill?
How can I teach my child two languages?
Am I pregnant or I'm just freaking out?
Is it wrong to only have one child? what are the benefits of 1vs2?
i cant look anyone in the eyes and ive done nothing wrong?
what do you think of schools allowin kids to use the restroom of their opposite sex cause their dressed as it?
Which sibest do you prefer?
Plan B? Am I just paranoid?
What is a good Instagram name for Alina?
11 days late!!!!!!!? all the sings but only getting - tests?
Possible that I could be pregnant ?
Baby names for a girl?
Do you love any names that go against your typical naming style?
if he cumed but didn't have his dick wasnt all the way in me can I become pregnant?
Which do you prefer Danielle Lisa and Alyssa Elizabeth or Danielle Lisa and Jasmine Elizabeth?
how many days do you ovulate for?
i dont cut.. but i wanna?
have you ever had a transvaginal ultrasound?
possibility of pregnancy?
Which do you prefer John Michael or River Michael?
what are the very first signs of pregnancy after late period?
Slow Growing Pregnancy.....6Weeks & 1day?
Will I get pregnant ? plan b---being stupid?
Is this bad parenting?
Similar experience or any advice?
My parents still think I'm a little kid!?
I had an HSG test done today. I had read online that it could possibly help you to finally conceive?
is it true ? im pregnant if my first sex is happened on dec.26 ?tnen my last period is on nov, ?
gum gap on newborn babys gums?
What to do in my situation?
what is the difference between the stage 1 and stage 2 baby cereal and oatmeal cereal?
can a parent or a child feel each other?
How to get my boyfriend to kiss me?
What do some of your names together....?
If you offend someone by accident, should you apologize, or just not mention it?
help could i be pregnant?
by law does a pregnant lady have to take the diabetes test?
Is my height for a 14 yr old girl fine?
My ex wife of 18 yrs was positive for syhphilis?
Why Lower left back and leg pain in pregnancy?
Is this a close abbreviation of my name? I want to start going by it?
My child has been ridiculously hungry?
Why are curse words bad for children to hear?
Pregnancy test two weeks after intercourse?
i had sex unprotected and he came inside me. could i be pregnant?
If I Missed My Period And Have White Creamy Discharge, Does It Mean Im Pregnant?
heavy pains feelin sick off putting food coming on my period 6days early?
pregnant or something else?? EVERYONE PLEASE ANSWER?
What does my middle name mean anyhow?
Can a spirit/ghost hurt my baby?
am I pregnant please please please help?
The most uncommon, out there names you can think of?
Are there any natural ways to regulate your period?
could I be pregnant? PLEASE ANSWER?
Which of these sibsets for boys?
what gender is my baby?
will my kids lose there social security benefits on there momma passing if i adopt them?
Teens- What is your favorite sport?
21 years old an 21 weeks pregnant?
This or that - boy and girl names?
What do you think of my favorite names?
what do you think of these names?
What do you think of this name?
How many old people never had kids?
What is so awful about sex before marriage?
what type of birth will i have?
I Need Help big time?
Messing up birth control?
Which name is cuter and better?
What's wrong with me?
When will infant circumcision become illegal in the US?
Is it weird that I don't want a boyfriend?
Pregnant? I have been having constant headaches, I am extremely tried?
A baby to attached Cry it out method?
Teens: How was your day today?
How do I control my 1year old?
i am 45 and had sex with my bf on the 16th day of my cycle could i be pregnant ?
Could I be pregnant if?
Can breathing small amount of ammonia and bleach cause a miscarriage?
Feeling sort of attached? But not keeping baby?
Which name fits best?
Which names do you like from this list?
how to tell my parents?
Make name combs out of these?
I ordered pizza from pizza hut at 3:25 it is now 5:56...?
help with middle name please?
Any name suggestions?
Will I get my daughter back over this unfair case?
my baby is 2 month old how much is it for her passport?
my baby is 2 month old how much is it for her passport?
How do I make a spanking hurt less Bare bottom?
Which boy names sounds better?
What are the 1st signs of pregnancy??
how to get pregnant if husband masturbates?
Which spelling of this name?
It's there a deeper subconscious reason why spanking is so commonly incorporated into sex lives?
This vaguely considered normal for a 13 year old?
Possible to get pregnant this way?
My girlfriend wants to know if she is pregnant?
Is it weird that I don't want a boyfriend?
Please help really need answers !?
How long should i wait before i take a pregnancy test?
Pregnancy test & no period?
help with middle name please?
What's a \tough guy\ name?
Hopefully anyone can help me out with this?
What will you name your future children?
am i terrible for finding this funny?
I'am terrified of giving birth?
What are your favourite baby names?
Could i have a high chance of getting pregnant?
help me I'm a bit worried xxx (girls only)?
has anyone heard or had Placental lakes?
Teens in dance/cheer!?!!!! help please!!!!?
i read on the internet that Michelle Duggar keeps a calendar of her Periods.?
Help with this sibset?
Boyfriend being mean! I'm pregnant.?
PLEASE EVERYONE ANSWER could i be pregnant??!!?
Do you have a favorite type of cake?
Is it normal for my 13 year old daughter to have never had a boyfriend ?
Am i overthinking this?
My 3yr old wad expelled from preschool for biting a kid.?
What do you think of just Nola for a girl?
Would a name being outdated stop you from using it?
Took a pregnancy test, it was negative then turned positive. Am I pregnant?
my 4 yr old son hasnt had a bowel movement in over 2wks. im scared .. is this very dangerous?
What do you think of the name John Avery?
Should I use BC pill to control when I get pregnant?
Could I still be pregnant if...?
How soon after stopping depo can you start ttc?
How do I get a 2 year old to STOP EATING chap stick?
How do bad boys act because my daughter is knowing love with one at her school for a week on a half?
should I stay home with 1 1/2 mnth old son?
how do i tell my 10yr old daughter shes to big to shower with me?
What year was I born?
4 days of positive OPKS? Which day did I likely ovulate?
what's a good middle name for this boy name??????
Need girl middle names.?
What are some other things to ask for my 16th birthday?
Would it be a bad idea to follow a first name of 3 syllables.....?
what r some guity pleasure names?
When should i start potty training my son? and how ? thanks?
Your thoughts on these names? Rate and opinions?
Why is life so unfair re ttc?
Why is life so unfair? TTC?
Which name is the best one?
I'm 14, going on 15 years old and I feel like I want to have sex. Feedback please?
Make name combs out of these?
Is this a good idea?
i have A- blood....why do i need a shot at 28 weeks?
Which do you like best Esteban,Carlos or Jose?
Which do you like best Catherine Elizabeth or Charlotte Elizabeth?
Isnt this bad parenting?
Isn't this bad parenting?
I Have a Question Because I Really Dont Understand What It Could Be.!?
Which name combination flows better together?
Do you like this name?
What are longer names for Perrie?
What are some names to go with John?
How to Help Children Develop a Love of Travel?
Is this something to worry about?
do you think i'm pregnant?
How Old Should a Child be Before He Appreciates a Vacation and Develops a Love of Travel?
Pregnancy symptoms at 6 weeks?
Which name sounds better with our surname?
I caught my 10 and 13 year old daughters making out what should I do is it normal ?
My toddler wants to nurse again?
We hear a baby crying but there isn't one?
Is it ok for an 11 year old to go out shopping with her friends?
Late for my depo injection?
Which middle name do you like for Maya?
Do you think it's bad parenting to let your kids watch tv or videos on the laptop?
Has anyone taken the morning after pill and still gotten pregnant?
what names do you hate the most?
how can I do tummy time with baby when he cries and fusses every time I lay him down?
Is it too early to get a positive?
Writing a world war two story stuck with names?
My mom has been diagnosed with dimentia , Can she change the POA from her kids to her brother and sisters?
i got my last period on 12/14/13 it is now 1/16/14 should i be courious about being pregnant?
is it possible to get free ivf?
Should I go to this party?
38 weeks and 5 days with this?
What girl name sounds good with Noah?
Eliimination girls round 3?
Baby Name Ideas for Boy/girl....?
Could it been to early after mirena removal?
Symptoms of being overtired?
does your baby do this?
watery brown discahrge ?? am i pregnant?
How do you tell your mother you're pregnant?
Possible pregnancy? Wishful thinking?
pregnant or something else?? PLEASE EVERYONE ANSWER?
Looking for ideas for a baby girl name to go with Carter.?
Stuck on names for a school story?
how to deal with everyone getting pregnant but me.?
how to deal with everyone getting pregnant but me.?
What double strollers are compatible with Combi Shuttle 33 car seat?
i'm 20 weeks and i have not felt my baby move today. i was wondering could some body help me feel at ease?
Which name is prettier Gabrielle Marie or Hannah Faith?
Which name: Alice or Nora?
what would you name these 10 children?!?!?
Ultrasound pelvic for pregnancy?
Fertilaid... i missed a dose?
in search of a girls name?
39 weeks pregnant, how can I boost labor?
I just discovered this name and I've fallen in love. WDYT?
why is my 2 month old baby so fussy?
Name your dream family?
What to put in a get well card for college roommate?
Help please with a middle name?
Can you think of 4 names using this list?
Pierce Brenner to close to the actor?
What wage should i have if i want to have a child?
Why do I shit out bubbles?
Which name: Elizabeth or Eliza?
NEED TO.KNOW FAST PLEASE HELP?
is Sparkling water and juice, a good supplement for coke?
mixed answers on cows milk..?
Is there a slim chance of me getting pregnant?
Which fits best in the sib set?
Am I the child's father?
help what do you think?
what are the changes I'm pregnant?
Eliminate one of two names from each row?
elimination boys round 3?
My xbox 360 is really starting to PISS me off. Can't connect to the internet?
Pregnant and boyfriend doesn't have sex with me anymore.?
My 15yr old daughter wants 2 leave foster care n come home?
What is a cute nickname for..?
elimination round 2 girls?
How Long does it take to get pregnant?
Chances of being pregnant? Help!?
Is it 'Okay' to be a stay-at-home husband ?
How long does the plan B pill effect your cycle for?
Which first name sounds better with the middle names?
Ex won't agree to child getting passport?
Which boy name looks better?
What do you think of this baby name?
I have chosed a way and hope its right..?
Which girl name do you like the most?
I never want children?
Book recommended for 14 year old girl starting to get into trouble?
Does he like me or is he just being polite?
HELP!!!! Am I pregnant or not?
What are some fun baby shower games!!?
Would you use a name if....?
Weird feeling...could i be pg?
I think i am pregnant ive had 2 urine neg. but keep reading and tell me what you think. i really need opinions?
Would she get pregnant?
Is this considered child neglect?
Is it possible that I'm pregnant?
light pink bleeding while pregnant?
I'm getting a little worried!!?
Is a stranger touching a girls tummy classed as rape?
sex 1 day before period?
3 or 4 letter boys names?
is 34.8 norman temp for a 4 month old?
I am confused about my PSAT scores?
what is the best middle name for Audrey?
Which of these 2 for a boy?
What's a good middle name for a baby boy named Dalton?
help what do you think?
My mom is pregnant and wants to abort.?
How can I get my sleeping routine back?
What do you think of these names?
im two months late am i pregnant?
WDYT of the boy's name Cain?
my 2 year old pug passes out.?
what are my chances of being pregnant?
Is this legal? How common is this?
What should i do if a boy touches my tummy?
Where to plan my son's next birthday in kentucky?
is it possible to get pregnant from this?
I'm scared about giving birth?
elimination round 1 girls?
Does anyone know an online doctor I can talk to personally about possibly being pregnant?
I have started the pill 8 days after my last period and had unprocessed sex on the 6th day can I get pregnant?
elimination boys round 2?
What do you think about the name LaMystrèsia Lonjeraye?
My son is finding school very hard?
how are red cross baby sitting courses?
Baby shower food help!!?
Cramping and metallic taste in mouth?
What're your thoughts/opinions on Quincy rather than Quinton?
I have low sperm count 33% ; how i increase those sperm?
Could I be pregnant?
Income support for EU nationals?
could I be pregnant ?
How do I ask my mom for tampons? please help!!!!?
My fiancé insists on breastfeeding our baby?
what kind of jobs can 13 and 14 year old girls get?
my uncle walked in on my cousin and i wrestling and thought the worst?
12 weeks pregnant and gained 20 pounds?
Do you like these names?
How can I get my 3 year old to listen to me?
Middle name for Marshall?
I'm ovulating today, we won't have sex until 11pm tonight b/c of wrk. can I still get pregnant?
would having a dnc done help me get preganant easily?
Chances of going in to labour soon? :( 10 points?
Positive pregnancy test, but I \feel\ like i'll start my period any second now, still pregnant?
Opinions of name Aspyn (Aspen)?
Over active Fetal Movement?
How do I get my Newborn Home?
What do you think of these names?
Could I be pregnant? :S?
Im pregnant & have low income?
What real funny names do you know?
How soon would a pregnancy symptom occur?
My period has lasted over 2 weeks..almost 3?
My child and I are frustrated, HELP!?
Could I be pregnant?
Possibly pregnant? Experienced answers please!?
Took the morning after pill could i still be pregnant?
Weird suction feeling? 12 weeks 2 days.?
Am I pregnant if this happened...?
i should i still take fertilaid?
Hoping for pregnancy? Please help?
wife freaking out over some photos of our son?
Could I be pregnate?
How many days after my period can I get pregnant?
Could i be pregnant? No short irrelevant answers please!!?
Im young am i pregnant i need help.?
WDYT of the name Violetta?
i'v got a brownish discharge in d morning but when i put a pad der is nothing on till now....?
Can this hurt my baby?
It is possible that I am pregnant?
I'm an italian boy, i've an ask for american teenagers?
Opinions on baby names?
my mun wont let me have my baby?
could i be pregnant?
Documents required for infant?
am i possibly pregnant? please answer!?
really need help about pg tests?
plan b side effects? help please?
Help! My 17 mo baby keeps biting!?
I consented to adoption and now want to withdraw?
can i be pregnant I'm trying to conceive?
Is having a child with a man you don't love wrong?
Is it safe to do exercise during pregnancy?
TMI I just lost some or maybe all of my mucus plug, NEED HELP?
What are some hipster names?
Would you use a name that has a negative meaning?
Was I wrong to tell my ex I miscarried?
My Aspergers limits my social life (HELP)?
help!!!!!!!!!! I lost somthing?
my goat give birth about 3 wks to early what might of caused this?
Whats the difference between pregnancy spotting and a period?
Abortion, periods, and time? help...?
I need help or advice on situation?
Can child services take me away from my parents?
Boy baby name? Sibling to Jonas and David?
Middle names for Aubrey, Linden and Rowan?
Fun things to do with your bestie in summer?!?!?
38 weeks tomorrow. Only a finger tip dialated. Second baby. Baby hasn't dropped yet either??
When will a pregnancy test be accurate on birth control?
This or that - boy names?
38 weeks tomorrow. Only a finger tip dialated. Second baby. The baby has dropped yet either.??
Which name do you like for a boy?
negative pregnancy results but still have symptoms?
could I be pregnant please give me some advice! :)?
Does anyone else have awful side effects from their Mirena IUD?
What are some badass but southern girl names?
What are some badass but southern girl names?
Wierd period. What's going on?
why is he doing this?
Mom won't leave my eating alone? ADVICE?
PLEASE HELP, WINNER GETS 5 PTS! Pregnant and want to go to a midwife but will people think it's weird?
Which full-name do you prefer for nick-name Ellie?
Likelihood of pregnancy after partner had vasectomy 6 years ago?
Hi guys, if your looking for makeup videos to subscribe to, click here?
How soon after implantation bleeding can you test and can you have implantation bleeding before your period?
What are your favourite boys names?
Pls suggest me some unique hindu names from mu for my baby girl.?
can i make my husband have supervisef access to our new baby?
How do I know when I am ovulating?
Which sibset for boys?
Is it possible that I'm pregnant?
Sibling name ideas for Agatha?
What do you think of the name Rhiannon?
Reasons not to stay with a baby mama?
Should I be worried I'm going to get pregnant?
Kids in the apartment next door scream, cry and bang on the walls from 5 AM to past Noon!?
What 3 names would you choose from my list? And why?
What would be a good middle name for \Adele Lang\?
Allowance for a 13 year old girl?
where can i get a Job?
What do you think of the name Paigette?
how likely is it that im pregnant?
How soon after conception can you start having pregnancy symptoms?
14 month old has given up naps????
Do you think it is possible to bond individually with all your children if you have 6 or more?
Period late and I need some advice about the situation!?
Needing opinions on a name I like for my lil girl!?!?
I want to know the meaning of feeha its a muslim name?
Is Harper a boy name or a girl name ?
Is Harper a boy name or a girl name ?
Sore tightening feeling , early pregnancy?
is this baby cute? :)?
Little blood and feeling sick virgin 16 year old?
IS HE LYING TO ME? TOLD ME HE'D HAD THE SNIP? WHAT DO YOU THINK?
does my child's biological father have any rights?
chances of pregnancy after finishing my depo shot?
please help me understand whatis happening :(?
Did I protect myself from any chance of pregnancy ?
Should i use baby's carseat?
How far on before i can find out on a home test?
is it safe to be on too contraceptives?
if one penetrates but does not inseminate will one get pregnate?
Chances of pregnancy?
Can you help create some names?
why do my parents think its judy \ puppy love\?
Trc and getting nowhere. Feel so down!?
How to talk to parents about everything?
Can a 16 year old have sex with a 22 year old ?
Did I prevent pregnancy or is there still a chance ?
last month i had drownish discharge..its not vry heavy n lasted for 3 days..?
Constant stomach pain past 3 days?
PREGNANT OR NOT PREGNANT??
My girls are crying all the time when u take the bottles out there mouth then they put there Hands in there?
on 7 nov and on 11 dec i get period till date ididnt get what does it means n wen to have prgncy test?
First names to go with the middle name 'Ronnie' for a girl?
Pregnancy related ultrasound confusion over who could the potential father be?
Pregnancy related ultrasound confusion over who could the potential father be?
heavy bleeding for my period after taking plan b!?!?
Am I pregnant? Late period. Light spotting?
Chances of getting pregnant?
Bleeding after sex 23 weeks pregnant?
Chances of getting pregnant?
need advice asap PLEASE -!?
Very light bleeding 2 days after normal period was due..?
Are there specific ways of disciplining your child?
can I do a pregnancy test and it be positive?
Suprise pregnancy shocked partner advice please :))?
My parents grounded me, how can I get them to unground me?
Can you still graduate college and have a kid?
My Son is misbehaving very badly?
Could she ovulate on the 33rd day of her cycle?
Will it hurt if the lower abdomen is pressed a bit hardly after 1month of pregnancy?
period a month and 2 weeks late?!?
16 month old baby not sleeping?
Can you get pregnant from precum?
21 month old toddler has not started talking yet?
what middle name goes with the name Mareli ?
boyfriends 2 year old...?
Think I might be pregnant? However, worried I may have damaged baby. Help?
my son is 7 why cant he get a cell phone?
Should I name my baby Davina?
What did you name your baby and how did you choose?
BOYS NAMES FOR PARENTS TO CHOOSE FROM?
How to get(procedure) birth certificate for 3 month baby please sugest me....?
What are some girl names starting with V and ending in A?
Why Would a Women Not Want To Take a DNA Test?
I'm afraid of growing up? :(?
Labor and Contractions?
In a one month pregnancy does everyone get pregnancy symptoms and implantation bleeding/spotting?
I'm 5 weeks and 4 days pregnant and having some sort of pain?
Im 20 weeks and I still havent felt my baby move, when will I start to feel her?
Her cycle is 30-35 days, its her 42th day of cycle today and her period didn't came, could she be pregnant?
question about twins?
Pregnant? Serious help needed?
Pregnant? Serious help needed?
Can you tell a baby's hair colour when it is born?
What are some different ways an things I can try?
4 Days Late On Period SCARED OUT OF MY MIND !!!!:( HELP PLEASE PLEASE !!!!:(?
I need reassurance that I'm not pregnant.. :(?
feeling the baby kick?
Plan B but no spotting afterwards?
What would you do about this?
could i be pregnant , 29 days late but negative home test?
Name four children using these...?
Unplanned pregnancy, what are my options?
How would you pronounce Kayanni?
took plan b got period i feel bloated ?
Could I possibly be pregnant?
Which perfume should I buy her? (a teenage girl)?
sex & parenting activity at school!?
Pregnant??How long to wait..belly button ring??
Drinking while breastfeeding?
How at risk am I of pregnancy?
I gave my 3 week old half an ounce of water. ..?
Sharp pain in my right lower stomach while sneezing?
I have brown discharging am I pregnant ?
Baby name help !!!!!!???
how likely is it these two girls are full sisters (based on appearance)?
Could this mean im pregnant?
is Ellie an acceptable nickname for Michelle ?
Does kids sleepy time tea really work?
is Ellie an acceptable nickname for Brielle ?
a week after sex she now feels some cramps, could she be pregnant?
names ending with n both genders please?
How old is Sulin now?
What is an awesome French surname?
WDYT of the name Ryan Caleb?
Michelle Brielle. Is this name too much ?
if your son was gay, would you start saving up for his sex change?
How do I ask my mom about birth control?
Will he have to pay child support?
Which L name do you like?
I'm worried about my 1 year old sleeping in his own bedroom because of \ghosts\?
How do I convince my parents to let me go back to my old school?
If you can name your child West (b) and North (g) why can't you name them South and East?
if im 11 weeks.n 5days wen did concieve?
My husband makes too much for us to qualify for medical.?
What do you think of the name Nikolai Alexander?
I took a pregnancy test, one line is darker than the other am I pregnant?
Is there a birth control I can feel safe using?
my 5month old is really fussy why? I use the vaccum and it seems to help or white noise off the internet?
getting pregnant for the second time?
my 5month old is really fussy why? I use the vaccum and it seems to help white noise off the internet?
As you have more kids, does sex become less fun?
What are just some things kids/teenagers do, and don't want to get caught for?
Pregnant by Pre ejaculation?
Help pls!! Weightloss?
i dont know what to do? to suicidal to do anything and im failing school?
Are miscarriages hereditary?
scared and very paranoid... help?
Girlfriend on birth control questions HELP?
What do you think of this?
Am i Pregnant? Birth control havnt gotten period yet! HELP?
Which do you prefer: Eva or Ana?
Can you help think of matching names?
Is there a possibility i could be pregnant?
I've been feeling unhappy in school?
What do you think of the name Richard Smegma?
Scared of the consequences?
I had unprotected sex with my boyfriend and he came in me on25th oct after tht i took contraceptive pill?
Is my mom being overprotective?
Alternatives to the name Blythe?
Am I pregnet!? still virgin?
What do you think of the name Mayliee?
What do you think of this name?
Would you ever name your child in honor of someone?
Which name do you like the best?
Thoughts on these two girl names?
What do i tell my (step daughter)?
Baby boy name opinions?
Hunger Games fans what do you think of these names?
I want to be a younger teen / child model.?
Any argument for the name Sasha vs. Summer?
one month old baby cold?!?
Cute names for my new MacBook?
can i still get pregnant with his wetness?help?
can drinking a lot give a false negative?
Do you prefer the name Silas or Cyrus?
Does this name combination flow well?
Opinions on middle to high school kids on the Internet?
what would you name 5 girls using these names?
Can anyone please tell me if there's any law in the state of Pennsylvania of a teacher grabbing a student?
need to get sick!?!?!?
My parents won't let me play ANY computer games during school days!?
I'm almost 39 weeks and can't stand when my baby moves?
Should I get an abortion?
Henry, Jimmy or Dowson, which name is better?
Parents: At what age would you allow your child to start dating?
Lots of bleeding blood clots and 3 weeks pregnant?
my 2 year old swallowed a dime, how long before it passes?
Is itchy nipples a sign of pregnancy?
What can a mother do when she has a son as a herion addict .?
what are the chances of getting pregnant when????
Help I accidentally had sex with my mom?
I need some answers please help me! Previous question but need more answers!!!?
uncommon baby names for the taking?
How do I convince my mom to let me sleep in the living room?
Told my mom I want to join the military. She's not supporting me at all...?
What do you think about the name Lovedeep?
If a woman conceives a month and a half after taking Plan B pill, could she still bleed/have a period?
What are some middle names for Casper (BQ)?
To all mothers. Did you have a feeling that you were pregnant, or was it a total surprise?
Is it okay for my baby to sleep through the night without much napping at 2 months?
I've had so many pregnancy scares, but I never get pregnant?
what middle name is good for Samuel?
Baby registry online?
pregnant with forward health card?
If my friend broke my point and shoot camera what legal rights do I have against him?
What types of things can cause a fifteen month old to vomit ?
Could i be pregnant with symptoms like this?
Which name do you like best for a girl?
Help in finding a sperm donor in Sydney Australia?
Could I be pregnant? :S?
Teens: How are you guys doing?
Pregnancy Test Question?
How to convince my parents to buy me new shoes??
Which name suits best with this sibset?
Which name do you prefer?
is labor near? or are these pains something i should have checked?
What does this sound like to you?
How do you feel about naming your kids after a living relative?
Could I be pregnant? Im really scared?
Larz Jaxen or any suggestions?
If I did not have sex, can I still get pregnant?
What do you think of this name?
What would you name six kids? (A and B names)?
Teens: What are your opinions on drugs?
Which middle name is best?
What are some middle names for Nikolai?
How to get back at bullies?
What is it like to have sex after you have a baby?
Should I go by Brianna or Bri?
Teens: What will / how is / your senior year going to be like?
Tips to conceive a baby?
Boyfriend's mom threatened me with statutory RAPE charges?
Does masturbating stop ur growth?
CAN I BE PREGNET PLSS READ!!?
Middle names for Caroline & Nolan Frost?
What do you think of my old favorite names?
Am I pregnant ? Wondering?
Is there even a slight chance I could be pregnant??? Please help!?
A middle name that goes with Declan?
Pregnant with no symptoms. Should i be worried?
My son is pooing his pants again?
my girlfriendand i have lots of trouble in the bedroom?
I may be pregnant help!!!?
What's it like having a baby in college?
Could this be pregnancy?
Low blood pressure at 33wks+6days?
Has sex but didnt get pregnant. why?
How do I get my mom to be more reasonable?
could I be pregnant? please help!?
Trying to concive, help?
Someone please help me calculate and please need advice?!?
How do YOU pronounce the name Jacqueline?
5 days late then bled for a day?
What is the best way to stop yelling at my kids and family and getting extremely mad for no reason at all.?
Opinions on these names?
What do you think of the name Butler?
Middle name for Aleah?
Which name would you choose?
Physical Issue during pregnancy?
Hit a car in parking lot but no damage..?
My son is one and not crawling?
My 4 year old son will not eat, gags at smell of certain foods?
Which do you like best Andrew or Seth?
Woman swinging newborn baby around?!?
Which name do you like best Nathan or Robert if you were not considering nicknames?
I need a birthday part for a mature 12 year old?
Need to find where my son hides his pistol?
What is child custody mediation about?
What is child custody mediation about?
I'm unhappy at school?
How long shoud I continue to workout during pregnancy?
Can my Girlfriend use Plan B as a form of Birth control?
Please reply and help..!! TENSED?
Which name goes best for twin girls?
Princess-y names for a girl?
no period, negative hpt... is there a chance I'm pregnant?
What do you think of this name for a boy?
When should you expect to miss a period after having unprotected sex ?!?!?
What do you think of these boy names?
Will i miss this period or the next period ?
Can my boyfriend go to jail if he gets me pregnant?
Why do people think newborns are so difficult?
How can I convince my parents to let me go to Paris?
Anyone have kids 15mnths-2yrs apart?
My 11 mounts son dose not wont to sit in his hi chair to eat all he dose is cry I never had that problem befor?
Which girl name sounds best?
My 11 mounts son dose not wont to sit in his hi chair to eat all he dose is cry?
Late period, breast tenderness, and cold like symptoms... am I pregnant!?
can I be pregnant again?
My stomach feels hard around my belly button , am I pregnant ?
Can I change baby last name to my last name?
Why do some people think it's wrong to spank your children?
What are the chances of pregnancy if you take your pill at the same time every day?
Could a man be implanted with ovaries and have a baby or is that impossible?
help i dont know if i had a chemical preg or if its something else :(?
How to deal with a troublesome child?
Please help me, 14 pregnant and I want to end my life?
Which name is best from this list?
MOMS ONLY!!!! How hard is it to take care of a newborn?
pregnancy testing too soon?
What are some really old but really pretty baby names?
Girls: How would you feel if?
Character name ideas? :)?
Male names that end in A?
help can i still get pregnant ?
Am i strict on my 14yr old?
Which name do you like best for a boy?
Results back the next day?! From planned parenthood?
What do you think of this name?
Which middle name do you like best for Violet?
Did anyone try Fortunebaby test for trying to conceive?
reason of sleeping late on night?
Would you be worried to go round a house like mine?
16 months old not sleeping?
morning after pill while on birth control ?
Advice for a 17 year old living on his own?
Need some help ? Please answer ?
Can he really take my child away?
Can we have children? My boyfriends blood type is o+ and mine o-?
What does your belly feel like in the early stages of pregnancy?
Can we have children? My boyfriends blood type is o+ and mine o-?
Is there any medication I can take that will enhance the pigmentation of my unborn? A SAFE medication?
Should I be worried about my pregnancy?
Im 17 and im pregnant. Help?
What is wrong with the name Percy?
How do they make baby powder smell like babies?
Hi, I am 15 years old, and my mommy passed away on new years eve.?
pregnant or no? what can it be?
Did I test too early?
Which girl name and why? Lucy or Lucia?
Baby Teeth Not Coming Out.?
my 16 month old has a cold and a fever?
Basic needs of a toddler?
What is your favorite \V\ boy and girl name?
My girflriend thinks she might be pregnant?
What are your 5 favourite boy's names beginning with L?
What are your favourite boy's names beginning with S?
Depovera shot pregnant ?
how do I get out of my shyness?
What traditional names do you love? What modern names do you love?
i have a daugter name mattaline im about to have another girl was thinking naming her tammany.?
23 weeks pregnant, becoming very overweight. Help?
When can you take a newborn baby out?
I don't want kids, options?
What traditional names do you love? What modern names do you love?
5 year old keeps holding in poop despite enema?
What do you think of a 14 year old girl who has done these things...??? (10 POINTS!!!!) EASSSSY QUESTION!!!!!?
Is it normal for pregnancy symptoms to just like fade away from one day to the next?
What do you think of this name??
How about these names?
Period 3 days late, discharge...?
My best friend thinks she's pregnant?
Question about abortions?
i always drink guinness for prevention after having sex with my boyfriend but i never got prenant?
My friend wants a baby but don't need one!?
? What would you name 5 boys using these biblical names?
pregnant or something else?? PLEASE READ ANS ANSWER?
If you had twins with these names what nicknames would you use?
can you get pregnant on the depo shot?
Name 6 kids using these suggested names?
Could I Be Pregnant Even If He Used A Condom?
False negative? Can she still be pregnant?
Could I be pregnant without any symptoms?
possibility I could 've pregnant?! Im extremely worried!!!?
Thoughts on these names?
Could I be having early pregnancy symptoms?
it is possible could I be pregnant?
Regular boxers or boxer briefs, which are more popular among young guys,?
I have a 20 year old male broke his carpal joint and wont eat. I have been feeding him baby food.?
Which name; Dean or Liam?
Possible Pregnancy? Please Help me Mothers out there!!?
can guinness prevent not to get pregnant after having sex?
Could i be pregnant? i have had 2 urine test by the docter, both negative, i need answers, someone help please?
can can anybody help or relate to this?
Very short periods... Unusual...pregnant!?
My little girls bedroom ?! Need advice?
If your 16 and pregnant and you're baby is taken away will you be taken away too?
I like a guy, I know he likes me back!?
I take baths every night instead of showers, is this weird?
Why is my mom still treating me like a baby!!!!?
I like a guy, I know he likes me back!?
Has anyone miscarried one identical twin but the other survived?
PLEASE HELP ME!!!! AM I PREGNANT?
how long does it take water to turn to urine?
whats a flavor you like but you don't know the food/drink?
Am I being TOO Mature? Am I too Boring?
is it okay that i let my 11 yearold son smoke weed?
Which name; Dean Canning or Liam Canning?
What are some names that you like but would never name your children? ( Girls names only)?
Positive or negative? So weird..?
unprotected rape, how can i make sure i don't get pregnant?
could i be pregnant?...?
From calculation I'm 7 weeks pregnant but Dr say I'm only 3 weeks. Help!!!?
is the name Dorian unisex?
Missed My Period. What To Do ?
Ultrasound changed because of blood work?
Can hormones during pregnancy affect how I feel about someone?
Can someone help me finish this story?
how to sucessfully run away as a teen?
Looking for cute boy names?
Can you feel that you're pregnant after only a few days?
Do you like the name Bryan?
?? What Would You Name Quads If...?
Cramping in pregnancy !!! And I'm at risk for pre term help?
What to name my twins?
HELP! 15 weeks pregnant zero fluids or food for 14 hours.?
period after having a baby ?
I asked my mom a question, she said ask it on yahoo. I doubt anyone can answer this but I am curious so try?
Please help, really need help with a pregnancy question?
chances of being pregnant? PLEASE ANSWER?
im 5 weeks pregnant and have severely bad sickness HELP!?
Do Leo and Shane sound good together as brother names?
help!?? flu like symptoms in early pregnancy?
Could I be pregnant? HELP PLEASE!?
boys issues, im 16. advise please?
What do you think of these names? Honest opinion please!?
we can sex 15 days after childbirth?
How far along in pregnancy am I?
Does anyone know of any medication that you can take whilst breastfeeding that will induce menstruation?
Honest opinion on my name?
When did you buy all your baby stuff?
Shane or Aidan for my baby boy's name?
When did you buy all your baby stuff?
At what age can my adopted child go on his own?
What middle name would go well with Piper McConnell?
What are your thoughts on these names?
Can you ovulate twice before period?
I want a baby so bad but I have a few worries?
What fits best in the sib set?
Help I'm pregnant and need help?
How much child support is fair for my child's father to pay?
First names that go with this name?
having a baby? please help?
Can Castor Oil use to abort a 4 week fetus?
Is it too early for a pregnancy test?
pregnant, paranoid, or just irregular period?
come risolvere questa?
can u get pregnant 150days after having sex? with regular periods in those 150 days?
Haven't ate in four months want to start again?
Why would my GF be so insensitive?
Is there are any positive effects of walking while pregnant ?
Going to prom when I'm pregnant?
My parents don't understand me?
What do you think of the name Trace?
Thoughts on this boys name?
10 weeks pregnant and just fell flat onto my stomach....worried?
middle names for Blythe & Spyro?
middle names for Blythe & Spyro?
Epidural success stories?
Emergency, breast milk drying up. Baby not taking formula.?
I Did not take a birthing lamaze class...I dont know how to push?
Advice needed from older women please?
Alexa or Vanessa as the middle name?
What would you rate these names?
Does Blue Cross Blue Shield Cover Abortions or Abortion Pills in NC?
Need a middle name for my soon to be 2nd daughter. Her first name is going to be Zoey.?
Do these names sound good together?
is it possible for my gf to be pregnant even we did not have any intercourse?
Pregnant in college, what can i do?
Is this my period or am i spotting?
Survey for teens: what do you know about diabetes?
Girlfriend wants to pleasure me all the time? (Possible pregnancy relation?)?
what is the chances shes pregnant?
Pregnant with triplets, need major help with names?
Should I call Child Protective Services on a friend?
What would you name a boy and a girl?
Which name do you like best?
? Which is the best middle name for Matthew?
Why I am getting really bad cramps 11 weeks pregnant?
Girl names that go well with Dakota?
Could my girlfriend be pregnant?
how does this help avoid SIDS?
new baby staying away from home ?
can I be pregnant , is there a high chance?
Girlfriend on Birth Control Sexual Intercourse Advice?
Missing child. (Looking for techy people)?
can I save leftovers of gerber baby rice cereal ?
Baby boy name ideas please?
How long do bad baby diaper rashes last?
if i am a foster child how can i get back to my home town?
How To Inseminate at Home ?
which surname do you like better?
can't find the right boy name?
My child is 6yr old & has had 2 incidents in a row at school resulting in in-school suspension. What can I do?
Hi, Ii don't know if im pregnant or not?
Am I pregnant? missed period?
How to adopt a child from Africa?
Funny thank you to nurses?
Medicaid and a miscarriage?
When i was born my right eye is bigger than the left...?
Last name for Eli - story character?
If u had sex with no protection will you get pregnant?
High School Psychology Project?
Why did I stop growing at 15?
How to phrase \no gift unwrapping\ on invitations?
Baby at a football match?
Potty training my son?
Early pregnancy tips?
what is the name of my baby?
I want a baby so so bad but I can't have one yet. What do?
Best time to have a baby?
How much longer for labour please read?
what was your child's first birthday like?
what was your child's first birthday like?
Hemorrhoids and pregnancy..?
Is this a pregnancy symptom or something else?
Can someone give me reports about Bio Time BTX?
im 18 and would like to start trying for a baby with my fiance?
Is it right for my father to treat me this way?
what should i do if my friend wants to name her baby Mildred?
What's your view on giving a girl a punishment haircut?
Are there any programs that can help me?
When do i ovulate on a 28-30 days cycle?
What can you do about morning sickness?
Is spotting common for women?
What do you think of these names?
Please help? When will I know?
should i let my child play a sport that she isnt really that great at?
How old are kids when they learn how to make financial transactions alone?
Name 4 kids using celeb baby names?
What do you think of these names for twins?
is 5ft5 tall for a 13 year old?
im 15 and i've asked my parents to spank me but they wont what should i do so that they will spank me?
My boyfriend came in me. I cleaned it out and some fell out. Am I with child?
What girl names would you pair with these boy names?
do i have a gifted child?
Help regarding abortion?
the cheapest plce to buy formula/ how to save money on formula?
Is it weird to enjoy my fiancé drinking my breastmilk?
Is there any way to calculate how tall my daughter will be when she is full grown?
How can I legally remove my 18 year old son from my home?
25 weeks, and hot flashes feel like fainting?
Do you like the name Trista?
My toddler will not eat.?
negative test but I still feel pregnant. is it possible?
Little tikes cosy coupe for my 3 year old??
Middle names for my baby sis or bro?
What do u think of these girls names?
I'm 18 and I need some advice..?
ultrasound at week 12 pregnancy?
when is my due date and cycle length?
My 9 month old son was ordered a blood test for hemoglobin and lead?
how do i know if im pregnant?
Am I ready to have sex?
Im 8 weeks pregnant and came down with a cold like 4 days ago.?
Thoughts on the Boy name Sebastian Graham?
Any chance of pregnancy or no ?
In need of ideas for names for my almost New Born!?
First time at a \lady doctor\ help ?
I want to replace my assistant who is on a short maternity leave!?
Sibling name that sounds good with Aria?
What percent of men ignore their children when they come over his house for Sunday visitation?
what girl name is the best on this list?
condom damage while intercourse. how to avoid pregnancy?
Why do people get silicone babies??!?!?
Had a baby 5 days ago and still in pain - is this normal?
my last period was on the 6th on this month, when will the best day to conceive?
I need to know if anyone has had the same experience with their children?
How can you improve a four year old's health? Please answer.?
Twin girls named Majken and Mary-Jane?
I need to know if anyone has had the same experience with their children?
I had sex a month ago. on 13th January night. got periods after that. now am feeling dizzy, nausea.?
I had a dream I had a baby?
What are some good middle names for Jayden?
Where would I be able to get an abortion?
should i be brushing my babys mouth?
Should I take a HPT ?
which name do you prefer?
I had an abortion 4 days ago...?
i am 36 weeks pregnant help me confused!?
Should a girlfriend ever be worried when their boyfriend has a best friend that is female?
I had unprotected sex, but he pulled out. On birth control, but I threw up.?
My husband and I want children but I have an anxiety disorder...?
Test for pregnancy again?
What do you guys think America should change to be a better place for your children?
can I still be pregnant if....?
Baby names for my baby bro or sis? Recomendations?
My period is late help?
My period is late help?
Can I go to prom when I'm pregnant?
I'm 15 and my girlfriend is pregnant, when should we tell our parents?
how much does cicumcision cost in your area? (mothers only)?
pregnancy advice helpp?
my period is late but I keep getting negative pregnancy test?
Will you need a caregiver when you get old?
Which boy name you choose.... sahil or aditya or arnav?
if i have identical twins can i give them the same name?
Pregnancy can be possible even if only this time periods are getting late by 1 1/2 months?
Elimination boys round 1?
Is my mom wrong for this ?
What do u think of these boy names?
First Trimester and Doctor won't test Thydroid (I have sub clinical hypothyroid)?
My computer was stolen by my mom?
Name Elimination~ Round 1?
How to explain that latchkey kids are safe?
Can I take a pregnancy test if...?
looking for boy and girl names?
Pregnant?? Please help?
what do you think of this boy's name?
Is the 3 hour glucose test easier to pass than the 1 hour glucose test?
how far along are you if u have no period in jan and last period was dec?
Handsome Greek names for boys?
for parents who had a premature babies?
Where can I go if my parents kick me out?
why do boys say they miss you and your child? and do they mean it?
At what age is to old for two girls to use bunk beds?
What do I do in this situation?
What middle name sounds the best with the first name Lilia?
Okay, so my best friend is pregnant. shes 16 and her boyfriend is 19?
Am I pregnant ????? What are some signs?
Which do you like better?
i think i am prego but not look like it yet why is that ?
Do a lot of kids drink wine? Is this normal?
If mom has custody of child does the father have rights or no?
5 year old daughter lying?
Brown blood after period?
?should i use baby's carseat?
Which of these 2 girls names+also?
very stressed out. missed period. please help?
What do you think of the name Lyric Alexander?
my 13 year old son has been buying shisha pens.what are they for.are they to give him high?
Getting Pregnant for our first time. Help please?
Which name goes better with my surname?
my 4 yr old woke up crying from an earache , help?
having sex the first time?
Pregnant at 15 and 9 months?
Pre-K or start a hobby/sport?
Feeding a newborn with stay at home wife fair?
how to get my 6month baby to sleep during the night?
Does it hurt to ask? 4 month old Baby and sleep issues.?
Feeding a newborn with stay at home wife fair?
Why won't she let me see my grand kid?
My period is late and I'm freaking out!?
Missed misscarriage or early pregnancy? Please help?
Might be pregnant.. or just paranoid (I hope) help?
Could Elsie be a nickname for Elizabeth?
PLEASE So if A Guy Doesnt Use A Condom && Ejaculates On Your Vagina but Not Inside Can You Still Get Pregnant?
Baby measuring smaller than she should be, is it something I have done?
Need some parenting advice?
Which baby girl name is better TY?
Morning After Pill Failure, Weight & Fertile Days?
Graco Ready to Grow Stand and Ride?
What are some cute K names for boys?
What are people opinions on Lyra Alice for a baby girl?
10 weeks 3 days preg, docs appointment?
Empty womb on scan.....help!?
Does he have the right to be at scans, be at the birth, name on birth certificate?
Does he have the right to come to scans, be at the birth, name on birth certificate?
Do you need experience to be a nanny?
Help with this harassment issue?!?Please help!?
Baby fever at 18, why?!?
What is your opinion on abortion?
What do you think of the name lana for a girl?
Are these my waters??
What do you think of this sib set?
Why am I dreaming of losing my unborn baby?
My period I don't know if this is serious, please help!?
When might I ovulate this month?
I need pregnancy help?
Im 18, Married and Want A Baby! Advice!?
Does this mean labour soon starting?
No period, but negative hpt??!!?
baby not drinking enough milk?
im pregnant, and i need some major advice..?
can a 17 yr old girl be arrested for having sex with a 16 yr old boy consentual or not in ny state?
would you straight away get pregnant first sex?
I ran out of baby formula...?
What do you think about the name Melanie?
( uk only )what is the usual procedure for a 2 and a half year old starting nursery ( the setttling in period)?
What did u see at 4 week pregnant on ultrasound?
Ways to bond with my 13 year old daughter?
How much is too much?
is my baby slow at developing?
what is my grandfather name?
part 5 can (MY BOYFRIEND) be the father to my friends unborn daughter?
How early can you feel symptoms of pregnancy?
Why Baby pooing like yellow jelly?
Why my baby farting so smely and loudlly ?
My baby head become hot every 5 to 10 minets?
My period is late. am i pregnant?
are these symptoms say pregnant?
Which name goes better with Surname DeLeon?
Should I Tell My Mom Im Having Sex ?
possibly pregnant but can i go to abroad wedding in October?
What's your opinion on abortion?
i dont know if i miscarried or if its something else :( im so confused?
What do you think of these character names? (female)?
Very faint pregnancy test?
How can i convince my parents to let me be what i want to be?
18 weeks pregnant lower abdomen pain?
I want to have a baby , whens the beat time to try?
My girl she's 8 days late she's pregnant ?
Smythons of pregnacy but tests wer negative should I wait few more days?
What do you think of these girls' names?
I had a baby 6 weeks ago and am currently detoxing from perscription medecation zolpidem. I feel bad, so low?
Miscarriage or extra bad period?
is it safe to cry in a 4month old ears?
Teenager problems...please help!?
?should i use baby's carseat?
How to reassure my partner that we can/will be good parents and everything's going to be okay?
What do you think of the name Beau?
How bad is having a c-section, im frightened!?
HELP! I just found out I'm pregnant!!!?
frightened to have my babygirl?
Possible pregnancy ????
My 4 ear old has a panic attack when she has to burp?
Gestational Diabetes test in the am?
Pain in upper abdomin during pregnancy?
I don't have a middle name to make my son a junior am I required to NOT give him a middle name either?
Is there a chance if he ejaculated and didn't pull out but he had a condom?
can someone help me a little?
am I pregnant, if so how far along?
Can Bella be a nickname for Isabelle?
increase breast milk on one breast?
combine name to go with Jesus?
Could I be pregnant? serious help needed?
My 19. Month keeps waking?
what do you think of my name?
It's too early for me to have boyfriend? I am only 13?
What should I do with the kids at my preschool?
help me plz!!!!!!! :(((((((( kinda nervous?
What should I do with the kids at my preschool?
Ok I am ttc and we tried 3-5 days before AF started and she was lighter than usual but bright red and lasted?
I am 16 yrs old girl from bhubaneshwar and im pregnant..?
Please help! Could I be pregnant ?
How fertile is fertile ?
Have I stop growing 15 yrs old?
My daughter won't stop screaming and crying.?
Pregnancy Is this normal??
Am trying for pregnancy but sperm drops out from my virginal after sex even when I lift my hip with a pilow.?
Sibling names, what do you think?
Is it still possible to be pregnant after having your period?
would you name your son \Gaylord\ or \Dick\.?
My period is a week late!!?
Is it a bad idea to finish even if shes on birth control?
Thoughts and opinions on this baby girl name!?
Do you smoke cigarettes in front of your children?
Miscarriage, pregnancy, implantation, period? Which one?
My babies tongue is black or a dark color?
Hi this is to the parents and teens?
Can you get pregnant from..?
Please Answers...... could i get be prego?
Fertile/Pregnancy Question?
im worried I wont have kids?
I want too go on birth control but...?
I'd it ok to see a friend naked if your the same age?
Is this child abandonment?
Can a girl get pregnant by pre cum ?
What are my rights as a father?
Is there any idea to control pregnancy after having un safe sex 10days ago i.e. on 3rd jan?
Are there any chances of pregnancy?
PLEASE i need some answers.. idk what to think?
Baby sleepy troubles?
I feel like something is wrong with my baby?
I feel like something is wrong with my baby?
What are some good baby names ?
what is my chance of being pregnant?
Why do some mothers decide to bottlefeed instead of breastfeeding?
How do I get my parents to let me go to warped tour?!?
Seizures in toddlers?
Had sex with 2 different guys during fertile period now I'm pregnant. Who's the father?
Help !!! i dont know who my baby father will be !?
Can someone my parent isn't married to legally adopt me?
Fiance says I don't try to bond with his daughter..?
What's wrong with my baby?
What are other websites similar to Yahoo Answer's baby name category?
5/6dpo symptoms? .......?
I hit my 15 year old daughter and I feel really shitty and just upset about it?
36 weeks and a bit.. Has anyone had nausea, diarrhea and heartburn before labour?
Is this normal with an IUD or is it because of childbirth?
Boy names that begin with A and E?
Pregnant with an abusive soon to be ex boyfriend.?
Will you let your 15 year old sister to have a boyfriend?
What is the best deodorant for my 8yr old son to use? He started smelling himself now.?
I am 8 weeks & 4 days pregnant but I look like I could be 4 months!!?
Any advice or stories please! no one has had much onsite..?
Unisex names to go with surname DeLeon?
I'm still a virgin and I feel like a loser, any advice?
Which boy name you most like... aditya or arnav or sahil?
Parents: How much do you typically spend on birthday gifts for other kids?
First names that go well with Drew or Michael?
anti depressants trying to conceive?
The name \Everlyse\?
is it me or or my mom?
Do all parents talk down to their kids?
Opinions on spanking kids?
What do u do when everything is starting to change?
Any experience with PCOS ?
I need help! Why did this happen??
11 year old masterbating help?
Really want a child.. Help!?
I really need help gf cheated wants me in the delivery room?
Pregnant? Is it possible?
Somebody I need advice I might be pregnant!?
I love this name but what do you think?
Who is legible for receiving a sperm donation?
Is this normal for pregnancy?
Make a sib set from these names?
what do you think of Elvis?
Can you suggest some middle names for Elsa?
Can you have a normal period and still be pregnant?
do you have to hire a lawyer to terminate parental rights who abandoned their children.?
pregnant .. tummys twitching ?D:?
what name is the best?
what name is the best?
Why do i have to poop all the time?
My boyfriend's mom knows we had sex...Now she wants to CONFRONT me about it?
can you get pregnant off of pre-cum ?
My baby won't sit up on her own , is that bad?
How would you spell Isabel?
is this creepy of my dad to say?
What do you think about my name and my sibling's name?
Site About Possible Baby Of A Couple?
Help! Could I be pregnant?
is it normal if your period is just a few days late?
pleasee help! confused!!!!!!?
Chances of twins!? Please answer?
Can i be pregnant? Advice please? :/?
PLEASE HELP ME possible miscarriage?
Am i pregnant? 10 days late!?
Could I be pregnant?? HELP!!!!?
If a man has a baby with both twins?
Did you have a boyfriend/girlfriend when you were 15/16?
How many naps should a 10 month old take a day?
Can you rate or comment on me and my siblings names??
Some advice needed please?
Teens: What names for dogs do you like?
Is it weird that I like \The Perks of Being a Wallflower\ (I'm 13, straight, male)?
37 weeks pregnant got diagnosed with a bacterial infection?
i have two kids with this girl and want us four to be together as a family?
I have a 12 year old son that is horribly bad,please help?
I need some character names? please?
Who's my child's father?
How much formula should I be feeding my 2 month old?
Teens: do you like country music?
Losing baby weight? Help?
What does it feel like when you first get pregnant?
Gymnasts! how can i improve my forearm stand?
help! what to do 24 weeks pregnant.?
Do you think 45 is to old to have a child?
After sex my ' ' really burns?
is baby registry generally get closed after the baby is born?
Stressing over Plan B?
mild cramping, very tired, hot flashes(I'm only 22)??
what a good party theme for 2 boy and 1 girl?
Has my little brother finally gone insane?
am I pregnant or paranoid PLEASE ASWER?
Which sibset do you like best?
My bladeZ moby s 35cc wont start?
could i be pregnant still!!!?
Okay I gotta question guys. If a guy have to pee really bad but it's holding it and have sex can the guy?
How do mothers get surprized about having twins/triplets?
was that implantation bleeding?! help pleaseee?
looking for cute middle names that flow for the first name Elsa?
Is it normal to not be able to tell the difference between an 18-22 year old?
Who would the father be?
Why would someone leave their child?
Our water has been off for two days? My daughter is refusing to go to school?
Lily vs. Sasha. Which and why?
Teens: How often do you think about sex?
Please Help! My 9 yr old is being abusive to me & his 5 year old sister!?
How do I convince my girlfriend to get an abortion?
How to deal with ongoing bullying from ex & new girlfriend?
Does anyone know any pretty Korean names?
Can a gyn tell if your pregnant 10 days after you have had sex?
my 5 year old hates pajamas, do i just leave her?
Teens: Have you had course selection for next school year yet?
what do u think of the name Elsa?
Need ideas for unique baby gift?
Mom is making me go on birth control? Help?
Teens: Can you drive a stick shift?
Is it ok to tell a parent you don't care to hear them talk about their kid CONSTANTLY?
what does a baby movement feel like?
Teens: Are you equally close with all of your siblings or just one?
Should I tell my Ex Boyfriend Im Pregnant?
Do you like the name \progress conference\ instead of \parent-teacher conference\?
I think my due date is wrong?
Teens: What is your normal hairstyle?
i have a huge hernia in the abdomen and want to get pregnant my abdomen is also open?
What do you think of mine and my siblings names? We always get lots of comments on them?
can i be pregnant? help?
Arielle, Sasha, Calla/Cala, or Lily?
Can my baby go swimming at 8 months old?
Very faint positive on blue dye? BFP or evap? PLEASE HELP LADIES?
in need of serious help:/?
ftm bassinet or crib?
Period only lasted 4 days and is usually 6-7, could I be pregnant?
Can a girl please help me!?
My son only four years old he have a grey hair?
Whats the best way to minimize my stretchmarks?
I didn't chew minastrin birth control, am I pregnant?
Am i in my fertile window yet?
Pregnancy or something else?
A question for people of all ages, why can't a guy and a girl just be friends...?
Store bought cupcakes or cake for babyshower?
My Subchorionic Hematoma has resolved... is it safe to have sex again?
Still having pain 17 days after c section?
pediatric dentistry cost?
Is it possible i could be pregnant?
ladies I'm 33weeks an 5days and having problems can anyone help?
I never want children and people criticize me because of it?
How to get over depression when only fifteen?
If a teenage girl tells a doctor that she wants an abortion?
HELP! Am I pregnant or sick?
I hit my 15 year old daughter and I feel really shitty about it?
what girl name is the best?
My 4 year old daughter is jealous of my 1 year old nephew?
My baby picks his nose?
Arielle vs Sasha. Which and why?
Want to get pregnant HELP!!!?
Seriously NEED help!?
what are boys names from the bible?
is it possible for me to be pregnant ?
Will this affect a baby?
Why can't my mom understand I'm a teenager?
help with baby names?
Good first names for the middle name Zachary?
What are early symptoms of being pregnant?
me and my bf have been togetber for 30 weeks and im 32 weeks pregnant how is this possible?
what age is it okay to date?
Is It Okay For My Boyfriend To Spend A Night At My House?
Which name would sound best?
Do you ever picture a name with a certain hair color?
what do u think of these names on girls?
I had sex the day after my period ended. how long until a pregnancy test would show positive?
Parents with children whos last names are towards the end of the alphabet?
Which of these girls names do you like best?
Is Lizbeth a good name?
My daughter just moved out and now I want another baby? Empty nest syndrome?
What do you think about the name Missa Paine for a character?
how can i have triplets?
I'm pregnant but my boyfriend doesn't want a baby yet..?
Teens: Tips on acting more friendly?
( uk only )what is the usual procedure for a 2 and a half year old starting nursery ( the setttling in period)?
can i really be pregnant?
Which short name is best for a boy?
How many years apart are people who grew up together?
my 10year old daughter started spotting today is she starting her period?
I'm being verbally bullied?
what can i give my 4 year old son to help him go to the bathroom?
Is a period lasting 8-9 days normal?
Is it weird to give a long middle name if you're using a long first name?
What are your kid's names?
What are some signs shown within a few days of conception?
what to do with kids when in labor?
Parents: Would you trust a daycare that is being run by an 18 year old?
is it normal to have on and off cramps while pregnant?
Braxton hicks at 37 weeks?
When will a dollar store pregnancy test start working?
could Aidan be a nickname for Hayden?
Why are more babies born in August then any other month of the year?
Why are more babies born in August then any other month of the year?
I have a 2 1/2 year old toddler who is showing some behaviors. I need some suggestion.?
What do you think of my sons name?
How would you pronounce this name?
The next choice pill?
what do you think of this baby boy name?
Has implantation bleeding ever happened to you a weeks after period was due?
CREATIVE ways to tell your parents, boyfriend, extended family and friends you are pregnant?
can someone please help me think of a name for a boy. my first son is named Jaylan and my name start with a J?
what boy name is the best?
How can I get my two year old to sleep in her own bed?
answers needed about siblings!?
Can I take cold medicine while pregnant?
How can I get my two year old to sleep in her own bed?
Does he even care about me?!!? Guy and girls opinions?
I hit my 15 year old daughter and I feel really shitty about it?
Unisex baby names????
i hate my seat in class?
When did you put cot/mosesbasket up?
6 days late on period? Help?
What to pack in your hospital bag?
Bully bystander need help?
Any suggestions to get 2 year old of the bottle?
VOTE! Which name do you like better - Vyana or Vyanne?
Sign of pregnancy?? Please help?
What do you think when you hear the name peyton?
My parent are so mean?
My girlfriend is pregnant!?
here's an odd one- shouldn't I have gotten pregnant?
Can't get pregnant: is it me or my husband?
does it sound like I could be pregnant?
Girl names starting with G?
How To Get Your Black Mom To Let You Smoke Weed?
Is there anyone here who has had an abortion and not told the father of the baby?
if you have anal sex and you are late for your period can you be pregnant?
What is a good Middle name for Luna?
Middle names to go with Nathan?
What do you think of this name?
Am I A Waste Of A Womb?
Which middle name? Help!?
I think i just made a bad decision. Someone help.?
am I infertile ????? :( help !?
advice please!!!!!!!!!!!!?
Im very constipated, need to go to the toilet so badley!?
What do you think of the name Maya?
Name more characters?
am i pregnant ? feeling nauseous and have intense headaches.?
Expert on birth control and pregnacy NEEDED.ASAP..?
Teens: Are you into classical music?
Could I be pregnant or just late ?
Could I be pregnant? PLEASE EVERYONE ANSWER?
Help, can anyone tell me if I could be pregnant?
What do you think of these names?
Please name a few characters for me?
How to make math interesting?
Pretty Surnames For Hilary?
? Amelia Maeve or Amelia Wren?
My mom is an achholic?
Could I be pregnant or just late ?
Pregnancy test turns positive after a few hours?
Which of these names do you like best?
So, aiming to put my 3 year old in preschool in the fall..... Where to start?
With these symtoms,am I likely pregnant?Please want peoples opinions?
do you like this baby boy name?
Advice needed - Do you think i am being selfish for wanting to have a baby?
Melatoinin & Fertility?
possibly pregnant 9 days late neg test?
Need some French middles for Eve and Avril?
WDYT of the name Kelsea?
What to do when your teacher calls your mom?
Does my name have anything to with the sea?
why cant we reply to someone who answers our questions?
Girls name that are popular in Monaco?
very early pregnancy or not?
opinions on this girls name?
Hi ladies. I tested positive on the OPK Sunday AM. Had sex that morning and Monday. Monday was the first?
today i had gotten my time of the month but i thought i was having a baby?
If I take hcg can this give my girlfriend a false positive on a pregnancy test?
Is this a sign of ovulation?
Any easy to pronounce Samoan warrior names? Looking for a name for a possible son.?
Implantation/late period TTC?
Am i pregnant? help please?
How do women abort a baby by herself?
thoughts on these names?
Which of these 2 boys names do u prefer?
What are some made up or trashy/ghetto sounding BOYS names?
WDYT of these names?
How can I get my sperm into sperm banks?
What is the appeal of these names?
Absolutely can not get 13yo to bathe?!?
I'm 13 and I got my 15 year old girlfriend pregnant what do I do?
Can you bleed whilst being pregnant?
What are some boys names to go with middle of Michael?
Please pick a boys name from this list?
What do unborn baby boy/ girl react to music?
Faulty clear blue digital test?
What's some basic steps on getting pregnant,?
Having trouble leaving my baby.?
13 weeks pregnant. I want to leave my boyfriend and tell him to move out.?
My parents took away my phone because I got a 82 on my exam. Aren't they being unreasonable?
Is Evelyn popular n the UK at the moment?
I had an abortion 6 months ago and my period has been regular since, but it is 1 day late this month.. Help?
If you got post partum depression, what did you do to help it?
louis or jobe and why?
Techniques to have baby sleep better at night?
I had an abortion 6 months ago and my period has been regular since, but it is 1 day late this month.. Help?
he wants me to put our baby for adoption but im not sure what to do?
? WDYT of the name Matthew Austin for a boy (+BQs)?
WDYT of the name Rebecca Lynne for a girl?
Can you pick your favorite girls names out of these?
Can fooling around get you preg?
The name Arielle or Isabella? Which and why?
Pick one or two of your favorite boys names?
Is it possible that i could be pregnant?
has anyone felt ovulation pains on depo provera? anyone pregnant from depo provera when taken first 5 days of?
How old do you have to be to get a job?
what do You think about these names?
What are some middle names for Bobby?
is there any way to get the baby out quicker?
What do you think of the name Lennox Blair? And other middle name segestions?
Scared to go to Prenatal classes today?
Is Gelato the female equivalent of Jeremy?
missed contraceptive pill - changes of pregnancy?
Is this a good Sibling set?
hiya, im 7 months pregnant and am leaving gender a surprise, which names are good?
What are your top four boys names?
what's easier to cope with?
Pick a girl name from the list?
Can a part time employee receive paid family leave or disability pay when taking maternity leave?
Ok so is this a possibility?
I'm pregnant and I've had the flu shot. Does my family need to get it too?
Which name do you like best and why: Maisie or Gracie?
Opinions on these girl names?
Which do you like best Scott Jason or Paul Elias?
What do you think of these girl names?
Do you like the name Jayden?
is this normal in pregnancy?
Im going back to school, and i'll be sending my 8 month old to daycare. I just dont want to leave her?
Lochlan, Ciaran, Rhys or Declan?
Could I be pregnant?
One day period? Pregnant or not?
Opinions on the name Brooke?
At what time is an appropriate time for a toddler to start playing in the morning.?
Accidentally took an extra dose of antibiotics. Will it affect my breastmilk?
Could I be pregant?!?
Do I look pregnant or is just excess fat?
How do I deal with my crazy family?
Questions to ask daycare?
15 year old pregnant how does child support work, or is this going to be someone on welfare?
How can i help my wife through labor ?
Should I let her stay home alone?
Feminine Surnames For Valentina?
Opinion of the name Cynthia?
Montana as a boy name?
Is this normal during pregnancy?
Can boys and girls share a room?
My wife is pregnant and since she is pregnant she don`t feel love for me anymore?
Which name do you like best?
What do you think of the girl's name Dara?
Conceive a girl basic?
My due date is on the 19th of january.?
What do you think of Daryl for a girl?
help with potty training??!!?
What do you think of the name Shane for a girl?
Siona, Shaylee or Shyla?
What do you think of this name?
Should I tell people about my self harm?
do you guys think that its bad that im 16 and pregnant?
What are some good Baby boy names?
What should I do about my 15 year old son?
Don't know what to think...?
is it normal to only bleed when you pee while 3 days into your period, plus being 6 days late?
can I be pregnant ? by pre-cum?
Pregnant and didn't show symptoms help?
I had unprotected sex with my boyfriend on my fertile days , twice a day..can I get pregnant by his pre-cum ?
Do you think Stustin is a good new name for people to start naming their kids?
Which is my bra size?
I have no one to ask for advice from and I think I may be Pregnant. please help if at all possible. thank you.?
How do you get an abortion with out telling your parents you're pregnant?
Which name: Eden, Eve, or Eva?
Why the delay in getting pregnant?
Which name: Dalia or Delilah?
What do I do for my 16th birthday?
Which names should I pick?
The first day of my last period was December 17, 2013 my period was short. I have unprotected sex on 12/19/13?
? Thoughts On The Name Rose?
What should I do? Please help!?
First positive OPK this morning. When to BD to TTC boy?
Any name suggestions?
My Son dating a Single Mother?
How do I get a abortion without telling my parents I'm pregnant?
Is it possible to be pregnant?
Can you help me finish this sib set?
Parents: Is telling a baby to 'shut up' rude?
brest is sore pregnant or period?
I need different thoughts from creative minds for Baby Names! :)?
What do you think of the name Beasley? I know its a boys name... but I think it could also work for unisex..?
I need different thoughts from creative minds for Baby Names! :)?
Concerned mom to be... Please help?
Am I pregnant, is this implantation bleeding? REALLY NEED ADVICE.?
Can I pronounce Eliza this way?
Do you think it is inconsiderate to let a kid make noise and play in the early morning hours when people sleep?
Beautiful girl names for a blind girl?
needing unusual anf amazing baby names?
Which middle name goes best with Faith?
Arielle or Saskia? Which and why?
My baby name list? Your thoughts?
It was 12 days late but i finally got my period... Should i still go to the doctor?
What is the likelihood of having your baby before 40 weeks?
ive been feeling verry tired nauseous craving certain foods verry moods and im 9 days late for my period.?
ive been feeling verry tired nauseous craving certain foods verry moods and im 9 days late for my period.?
Dollar Store Pregnancy Tests?
Could I already be pregnant?
I don't know what to do!!?
Hayes, Grant or Pierce as sibling to Lucas?
He wont stop taking my socks?
how does months work with pregnancy?
Could I be pregnant?!?
8 days late and home test is negative?
should i name my son Jiminy?
POLL: Do you think planning to have a baby when not financially stable is irresponsible?
How soon after birth can I exercise?
if your husband has two baby mamas should you still stay with him, they both live in new jersey, we live in ga?
Possibility of twins?
Pregnant and waiting for NJ Medicaid card?
Home artificial insemination advice?
Do you think it's bad to use a \condom box\ to hold a memory stick?
What do you think of this name???
Mom's and Dad's, if your young daughter or son wanted to make some money in the \sex\ trade?
how long till u can take a pregnancy test after you had sex?
Possibility of twins?
Is it normal for your daddy to tell you, his adult daughter?
Pleaseeeeee answer this question I really need it?
What do you think of the name Joah?
am i pregnant?????? Please answer?
Is my bump size normal?
what would your 15 kids be called?
3 year old with spd??
When will by belly start to show?
am i pregnant???????????
Worried about daughter getting dehydrated?
on smp and fell pregnant?
im expecting my first baby in 13 weeks and i havent found out what im having?
Can DIM and Clomid be taken together for ovulation?
Questions to ask daycare!?
All my friends are fake please help?
I just turned 20 today an my jokily I can drink and pick up women next year?
why has my grill friends period stopped since she got pregnant?
I need answers please?
Am I pregnant? I'm stressing out!?
is it true that birth control makes it hard to get pregnant later in life?
What do you think of this name?
Which boy name do think flows best with Tyler?
i cant help but shake this feeling im pregnant?
What do you think of the name Byron for a boy?
Ring and string gender test question?
My period is 11 days late and I'm having abdominal pain. Could I be pregnant?
15days late periods ... 2 pregnancy test negative ???
her cycle is 30-35 days, its her 40th day of cycle today and her period didn't came, could she be pregnant?
How possible is it that I'm pregnant ?
Do kids face eye problems while teething ?
Could I bee pregnant?
Will she be pregnant?
Pregnant...with PCOS...is it POSSIBLE??? HELP!!?
Have any ladies on here got a BFP 10 dpo?
Late period.. A virgin?
Has anyone had implantation bleeding like this? Or just weird pd?
I'm really scared that my baby is gonna be 10 lbs!!!!?
could I be pregnant? help!!?
How would you pronounce Kyron?
What would you do if you found out your child/teenager smokes weed?
What age should you stop feeding your child ?
Help with boy names please?
Opinions on these girls names?
Which of these unique names sounds ok to you?
How soon after your period can you concieve?
hi i have 3 months and 4 days old son and i had sex with my husband once, is it possible, i be concieved and w?
Cold Remedies, Throw them at me!!?
I have not had such a problem figuring out ovulation based on my bbt before. can you help me?
How do I trust my mom again?
7 weeks old- gripe water?
Stretch marks 33 weeks?
my 5 year old daughter wont listen at all she act up and every thang what can i do?
My 7 week old son is breast fed and also bottle fed. He only takes one breast which is my right.?
Am I the perfect daughter?
Am I the perfect teenage daughter?
36 weeks pregnant high blood pressure what might happen?
Clearblue Test Reads Pregnant, 1-2 Weeks..How Far Along Am I?
Period due but only three days of brown spotting?
Which name do you like out of my choices?
is it possiable im pregnant?
what is my 2nd child name?
How do you connect with step kids?
Period or pregnant?? Can anyone maybe help me out?
I'm scared I won't love my baby?
Boy names.... Are they good?
My mother found my Fifty Shades Of Grey book?
What are some names with these meanings?
Middle name for Avery, Avelyn, or Ariel?
22 weeks pregnant. Baby won't stop kicking?
What are the chances of my gf being pregnant? please help!!?
Don't think I am producing enough breast milk.....?
what is wrong? can i be pregnant?
what is wrong? can i be pregnant?
21 weeks no baby bump?
pregnant or premenstral syptoms after cut off on birhcontrol 2 or 3 days before unprotected sex? pt 2?
I am 21 weeks with no baby bump...?
What do you think of the name Agatha?
I had sex on the the 5th and now it is time for my period and it has not come. Does this mean i am pregnant?
Does your waist get wider once you have kids?
Is she pregnant? Please answer fast!?
Brownish discharge 2 days before my period is due. Could I be pregnant?
How can I stop my young boys fighting?
Pregnancy confirmed, is this normal?
Worried about being pregnant..?
are heart palpitations a sign of pregnancy?
Help please I'm stuck with something?
Any good names for identical twin girls?
Is Anexi a good name for a baby girl?
Did I hurt my baby....?
Which is better to put in family announcements?
am i crazy wanting a third baby?
what are the earliest pregnancy symptoms you can get?
i dont want to be pregnant at 17?
39 weeks pregnant with my first baby and feeling strange?
A nickname for my name?
im 16 years old 4'11 and 101 pounds maybe little less?
Could undesired music be used as an effective form of discipline for teens?
will egg move from overy to tube while pregnancy?
help am i pregnant im very worried?
When did and how did your baby stop sleeping on your chest?
suggest whether i shud i get pregnant at the age of 46?
could i possibly be pregnant?
True or False: Every mother's worst nightmare is losing custody of her child?
35 weeks pregnant, anyone else had this problem?
please some1answer me can a virgin be pregnant?
do kids have eye problems during teething process?
tips of my nipples are white and I have noticed blue veins appearing around breasts, I am pregnant?
hi! I've been trying to get pregnant!?
I'm scared that i showed face on omegle?
Quitting work and signing on?
what can i do make my dr put me in to labor?
Morning wood after waking up ?
Girls names that relate to literature or authors?
What do you think of the name Laney?
Is it wrong for a 14 year old to go to her boyfriends house when parents are home?
Mommy weight gain after weaning (extended BF Question) - Moms with experience?
My baby at 11 weeks 6 days?
16 and pregnant please help.?
milk supply suddenly low?
My girlfriend she's 8 days late on her period help?
Is it wrong to tell parents to control their kids?
how to watch a one years old baby?
Opinions on this girls name?
what is mothers madain name?
I missed my periods from 5 week from due date. Is it safe for me to abort if I am pregnant?
period after having a baby ?
6 w 3 d pregnant?i need your advice please! X?
Middle names for Lucy and Lucas?
feeding your baby solids at 4 months..... parents, please read!?
How to start the weaning process?
My 16month old cause constipation pls help?
Is it too soon for her to take a pregancy test?
7month old baby won't sleep please need advice?
Which boy name is you like.....arnav or sahil or aditya?
Opinions on this girls name?
hello, I had unprotected sex with my boyfriend on 10th day of my cycle. am i pregnant?
hello, I had unprotected sex with my boyfriend on 10th day of my cycle. my periods regularly come on 32nd day.?
how soon can i take a pregnancy test?
Is there anybody doing home insemination?
rates and opinions on this name?
Is it legal for for 14 year olds to buy condoms?
Boys names starting with T?
Need help finding babygirl names ?
Baby names on Nakshatra, Rashi or any letter would do?
What does this mean? PCOS ovulation study plz help?
Arielle or maya? Which and why?
Mommys bliss Gripe Water! 3 week old baby with a lot of fussiness, gas and maybe colic?
mirena coil and un-protected sex?
does this sound like early pregnancy symptoms?
Is it possible I can be pregnant?
Confused. Period? Pregnant? HELP.?
help? am i pregnant from precum on hand?
what do you think of these twin boy names?
Was I abused as a child? I can't tell where the line is drawn...?
Help with girl names?
can I get on the pill without my parents knowing?
Which middle name do you prefer?
PLEASE ANSWER! PLEASE :( i need help i dont know the if its my period or implantation discharge? Please answer?
my breasts have been hurting for 3 days now..?
What's a good punishment 4 a 12 year old?
when should i take a test I'm 13 dpo?
How do these names sound?
3 weeks late, PCOS, short period negative tests.?
vernisha is a hindu name or not?
Is it pregnancy or just IBS?
Why did the Kardashians make biracial babies?
Am I such a horrible person?
i dont have menstration on december but only this january i had already what does it mean?
my 5 year old have a noise bleed everytime she plays and get to hot what does that means?
am i pregnant?? Im worried and scared?
What do you think of the name Ryan Douglas?
faber castell hid voldemort under my turban?
faber castell hid voldemort under my turban?
I feel like a freak because of my music taste what should I do?
Pregnancy question please help?
What's a good middle name for briella?
This or that girl names: Ida (EYE-dah) or Ada (AY-dah)?
How likely is it that I'm finally pregnant?
my baby name................?
if i look up child porn?
can i still feed my baby with enfamil gentlease ready to feed 8 oz even if it will expire on feb 1 2014?
How likely is it that I'm finally pregnant?
Can i get pregnant ? i want to have a baby?
Hi I am in a dilemna ..I had sex with my guy in august..I even took ipill n since then my periods aint regular?
19 going on 20 and pregnant. Help?
where can I expand my babysitting job for free?
Hi,i would like to ask s it possible I gt pregnant.i had my period dec11-15.he put his sperm inside at 15.that?
I have 4yr old twins I need help?
Your bf cums in your then a few days later stomach hurts?
Hello, I'm 20 years old and and my husband, 26, are trying to conceive. It has been about 2 months.?
How do I deal with extremely disrespectful faculty at my school?
Am I pregnant or are these period symptoms HELP?
What could be wrong with my scar?
Do you like the name Lucia?
Can you have a home birth if giving the baby up for adoption?
Looking for Baby name ideas?
will my midwife?????
If I name my son Enrique then could his nickname be Eric?
Why is my 3 year old nephew screaming in the middle of the night?
Advice regarding adoption for Australian?
How to meet a woman for just a baby?
Think I am Pregnant and I'm worried about one thing..?
Dealing with my daughter and bio my mom having a relationship?
Can taking birth control help you to conceive?
Help.. Am I pregnant?
Full-name-wise, if a Christina Maria got into a cat fight with a Kelsey Catherine, who would win?
Where can I take my one year old niece?
It has been a month now: How can I get my phone and headphones back from my parents?
possibly pregnant?! :-D?
please help 3 days late . pregnant from precum?
(Poll) What would you name them?
How soon can you concieve after your period?
Where Is The Best Place Moms Shop For Trendy Baby Clothes?
can 10 months baby consume formula milk for 1 year toddler?
no period for a month and a half help?
What do you think of the name Atticus?
babys eye color from mom or dad ??
am I pregnant... emergency..?
Lucy Abigail or Lucy Kaitlyn for a girl?
which is the perfect time to do sex without any precaution?
could I be pregnant? something major? anyone else have this wrong to them?
Why are some guys always getting b***** in class?
Middle name suggestions?
Any modeling or gerber baby stuff or my 8 month old ?
On my second and only 18?
How do you like the name Eiva?
What are some boy's names meaning truth or honor?
Teens! Whats the longest you've lost power for?
2 kids by the age of 19?
and can a 84 yearold female get pregent if done by 3guys more then one time each?
Baby boy and girl name ideas?
New born baby girl name with rashi,nakshatra,lucky no.etc?
Miscarrying and being infertile keeps me from trying to conceive?
Hello! Can anyone help me? :)?
at least the hippys had some joy out of there lives and learned a whole lot do you think i ever will?
Which MN goes better with Summer?
Do you like these names ?
What do you think of this baby name?
what kind of medicine can my doctot give me to regulate my hormones?
Why are parents so stubborn?
What's wrong with taking elementary school kids to a slaughterhouse to see where meat comes from?
Do you like this baby name?
Deciding to not have kids....am I making a big mistake?
thick mucus like discharging from vagina?
What do you think of this name?
Can you mix formula powder into baby puree?
Signs of pregnancy? Am I pregnant?
Am I pregnant?! (read description)?
Whats your opinion of the name Clara?
Suggestions On Middle Names For The Name Jerry?
How early can I have pregnancy symptoms?
Why can't kids just be good?
My child takes adhd medicine in the mornings on school days only.sometimes i forget to give it to him.the scho?
how late is too late to get an abortion?
new baby help!!!!! where can I take my over 2 month old?
I want to be a dr//19 year old highschool graduate?
Am I pregnant? I just got my marina iud out a little less a month ago.?
I have a 10 yr. old son with adhd.he is a good kid,but dont listen the first time.i amat wittts end.any answer?
When did I ovulate? Maybe pregnant?
Opinion of the name Saskia, Arielle, and Nina. Which is the best?
Need help Picking a Wiccan Name from these?
Names that sound more Southern to you?
Birthday party help please?
how long until I can take a pregnancy test?
What are your favorite easy to spell/pronounce last names?
Do these babies look like full sisters or half sisters or not related at all?
please help me pregnant? three months late, three negatives, no symptoms.?
Cute but uncommon baby names?
What do you think of these names?
my baby got a hold of a used mini enema with stool on it, and?
Baby girl names..my contenders?
birth control and sore nipples?
What do you think about this? Is it possible?
Pregnancy and Pre cum?
which name do you like best?
Teens, when did you finally get driving privileges?
Does my crush like me?
What should I do if my 7 year old starts acting like my 17 year old?
Im 13 and my mom is leaving me for her internet boyfriend?! Please help!!?
Wat is the best way to get my daughter more interested in potty training?
best baby bottle HELP!?
My brother recently made me Godfather for his daughter. Does that automatically make my wife the Godmother?
My brother recently made me Godfather for his daughter. Does that automatically make my wife the Godmother?
Ovulation or Pregnancy Test?
Should I braless or something to cover my nipples?
Why is my new ob telling me to eat crap food?
Further baby name help?
Is this pressure/burning feeling an early sign of pregnancy?
what do you think of Pacey for a boy?
So... What exactly are we /supposed/ to do?
What is the proper etiquette time frame for baby shower gift giving?
EVERY pregnancy symptom but all at home tests are negitive. Help.?
Which Name? Adele or Julia?
Creamy white odorless discharge with cramping..?
Can you get pregnant from dry sperm?
Can your nipples be sensitive and not your breast during pregnancy?
Tips to conceive a baby girl? Help!?
Is 4 months too early to start babyvon baby food?
your favorite male names?
Which baby name do you like?
am i pregnant? 10 days late?
Will drinking an RC Cola and eating a moon pie induce labor?
Done a few pregnancy test why are the results like this?
After I found out my gf was pregnant and we would set up to have alittle fun but I couldn't perform?
What do you think of a 23 year old guy dating a 19 year old girl?
Creamy white odorless discharge and cramping...?
What would you name 3 sets of triplets?
Which order for this first/middle name combo: Bennett Ezra vs. Ezra Bennett?
If your soon to be husband has a child from a previous relationship, what would the child call you?
First names that go with middle name Victoria?
Which name is better?
Started period too early ended to early, could I be pregnant?
How many of your husbands went to every or most obgyn appointments for pregnancy?
Middle names for Leia?
What do you think of the these names?
What do you think of the name Colin?
Elliot, Emerson Ethan to go with these?
Twin girl names elimination round 3?
Wife lost her job after trying to file for FMLA for pregnancy. Help?
My 8month old baby fell off the bed tonight?
TEEN MOMS: I have a few questions for you teen moms out there!?
I helped my Gf sister out by getting her a plan B-pill and BF is acting like a idiot . what do i do?
If by law you HAD to change your first and middle name, what would you name yourself?
Teens, do you get scared easily?
What's going on?!?!?
Well, negative test ..?
what should i wear on friday for a date?
I'm sick but my parents don't believe me?
is my girlfriend pregnant?
Im mad and its kinda new to me?
Is this pregnancy? Anyone have a clue?
Am I pregnant? What do you think...?
Thoughts on themed sibsets?
How soon after giving birth are you fertile?
Does it seem like I could be pregnant?
Do you care about what other people think of your name?
What do you think of the name Blair?
What do you think of the names Meagan and Jade?
What are some sibling names to go with Jonas Blaine + BQ?
Is my friend showing signs of pregnancy?
Could I be pregnant ? Am I any harm or danger? Please help no rude coments?
sex probs need some advice(scare)?
Fertile days...chance to get pregnant??
What do you think of the boy name Jaylen?
please some one answer me can a virgin be pregnant?
my baby girl seems to want everyone but me?
Who do i complain to if my child is getting abused?
Am I pregnant? Answers please!?
Who do i complain to if my child is getting abused?
is this a stomach virus or not?
Which is the best baby name?
Are these names too old-fashioned?
Is the name Silver a horrible name?
I used to have a twin but...?
What's the right thing to do if someone is rude to you?
How much does birth control at Planned Parenthood cost, do i need a appointment before i get it?
Middle name for these girl names.?
My guidance counselor is the one bullying me?
Am i pregnant??? ???
baby shower quiestion?
Is it normal for your period to last for only 3 days? I am worried. Please answer!?
when did you start feeding your baby rice cereal? veggies and fruit?
Middle Names for Amelia?
what are some cute girl names?
Could I be Pregnant? DOCTORS HELP!?
Twin girl name elimination round 2?!?
Which name is less common?
this weekend i had unprotected sex how long should i wait to take a pregnancy test?
fun things to do babysitting?
Honestly what do you think of these girl names?
I want a baby! He already has one and wants to wait. Should I just get in-vitro?
Boy and girl baby name ideas?
i've been having sex fr a year nw , with no protection & im still not pregnant? why is that?
What are some Spanish boy names?
unlikey to get pregnant on your period?
Teens: Do run down cities make you sad?
Teens: Would you rather grow up now or in your parents/grandparents time?
Do you think my boys wrecked the house?
Should I tell his ex I'm pregnant?
How does this name goes along with other siblings?
Help me make baby name combos with these names? Please!?
will she be pregnant ?
My breast hurt so bad why?
How do short women become good mothers?
Is my friend pregnant?!?
has anyone ever got pregnant after taking an after pill?
help? is is possible I'm pregnant?
What should I name my daughter?
Can i eat Bananas while im pregnant?
Boy baby names needed?? Any suggestions?
Someone help me put these names into combos? Please!?
tall and pregnant with twins?
Pregnancy Symptoms question?
Is these good baby names for a boy and girl?
How much should I charge for babysitting?
What do you think of this name?
So I'm in a fight with my best friend?
Middle names for Madison for each gender?
can I be pregnant or wishful thinking?
jus wanna kno answear plz?
Tensed way too tensed please help..!!?
Tensed way too tensed please help..!!?
Implantation bleeding?
needing serious opiniins?
baby dance and pregnancy?
Looking for a unique baby girl name anybody know of any?
If a person born on May 9th got into a fist fight with a person born on November 3rd, who would win?
what should i name my daughter?? please tell:)?
What was the date 39 weeks ago from 1/13/14?
what are signs of pregnancies ?
My pregnancey test? what does it mean?
Period is 6 days late, symptoms, but negative test?
I don't think I am ready for my baby?
What is the appropriate punishment for a 5yo that choked another kid at school?
Having unprotected sex. precum?
Do some Parents notice how silly and Immature, childish and stupid their kids act in Public?
have you used the my calendar app to track your fertile days and received a bfp?
Could I be pregnant.?
What do you think of these names?
He blocked me for one week...?
If a pregnancy test says its negative , should i still take another one just incase?
Lucy or Amy for a girl?
Why do parents lie to their children?
What do you think of the name Ciara?
Make name combos with these names?
what to do if your only seven months and you feel very wet?
do your babies have a dimple chin?
do your babies have a dimple chin?
Can a woman be impregnated by a meteor?
What do you think of this boy name?
What is your dream family?
Heidi Elisabeth or Fleur Elisabeth.. Which do you prefer?
What bottles do you recommend?
Need help with my 5 & 1/2 yr. old potty problems?
Is my friend showing signs of pregnancy?
has anyone used the my calendar app to get pregnant?
Would i be ovulating if i was pregnent?
What is Child Line, and how does it help children?
My niece is very angry and says she will never get over this?
Are the flu shot unsafe?
Would you let a 16 year old get a double piercing?
I'm 15.. & I think I might be ready to have sex?
What do you think of \Amir\ as a name?
sooo im pregnant....?
I don't know If I'm pregnant please please help?
Whats a cute unique middle name to follow the name Ezra?
is it ok to have nails with a new born?
Pick your favorite name from each group?
Full-name-wise, if an Alexander James got into a fist fight with a Derrick Anthony, who would win?
If you have underage, unprotected sex in the uk and may be pregnant, if you get an abortion, does the........?
What do you think of these boy name?
I don't know if im pregnant please help!?
a little bit of help?!?
a little bit of help?!?
What do you think of the name Alexander Blake?
I don't know if im pregnant please help!?
friends with benefits ?
Which all boy sibset sounds better?
Hen party name ideas for t shirts!?
Is it easier to change your name or just add a middle name?
Opinions on the name Topsy?
Could I be pregnant?!?
? Thoughts On These One Syllable Girl Names?
taking babies off formula and putting them on whole milk?
how can I lose weight?
? Thoughts On These One Syllable Boy Names?
Annabelle or Arielle? Which and why?
Does anyone else smell different after having their baby?
Which do you like best Seth or Brandon?
What are some middle names for Bobby?
Girl baby names needed?? Any suggestions?
Does hiccups in pregnancy show my babies are healthy?
Please Help.. Worried.. TTC?
Moms how the hell do you do the school, get up so early especially if you have to?
What is a good middle name for Kailis?
male name to go with Melanie?
Declan Jo or Declan James?
What do you think of my names for my characters?
Is it normal to feel useless when things dont go right for a while?
Which name is better Shaelyn Elise Or Shaelyn Nicole?
Help me with some characters names?
I need names for girls and boys !!?
what are good baby girl names that start with s?
What are some of the worst names you've ever liked?
Regrets of a stay at home mom....what are your thoughts?
How can i pinpoint ovulation with irregular periods?
How to keep my kid from getting sick at the Dr's office?
Which last name is better?
what is this???????????
I was wondering could I be pregnant?
Pregnant or in my head??
Have we met before or not?
What is the funniest mispronunciation of a name you've heard?
If you could have 3 kids what would their names and genders be?
when is it appropriate to lose my virginity?
baby name opinion! 10 points!?
Which boy's name is preferable?
Are abortions bad or good?
im a minor who had sex with a minor?
Am I pregnant, is this implantation bleeding?
Hi I'm 10 days late ..I took a pregnancy test and my control line is very light what does this mean?
I'm 5'3 and 15 and want to nmbe at least 5'5 do you think I'll grow more?
What do you think of my name?
I think im preggy, help ASAP!!?
MY friend slept with her brother and she's pregnant?
me and my boyfriend are planning on haviny a baby. we had sex 2 night ago and the next day?
can u still get pregnant if u have a yeast infection?
baking soda gender test ?
Factors that effect pregnancy tests?
Your two best very unique boy's names?
Nurses rights!!!!! Need answered asap!?
im 36 weeks pregnant and i hurt on and off and im leaking yellowish green mucus what going on?
is 15 old enough to go to warped tour w/out parents, but w/ friends??
Question about prenatals and other medications.?
12-18 months in gymboree????
If these was your kids what would you do to them?
Do Diuretics affect pregnancy tests?
Is it possible to have 2 periods and then get a positive pregnancy test?
(icp) itching in palms?
how much allowance should my son get?
unique girl names.I want something different but.not real \ghetto\?
Which name for a boy: Ethan or Evan?
Was this a fail of a united front?
Teens: are you going through an awkward phase?
HELP ME OUT PLEASE! When will i miss my period ??
Do you remember where you first heard your favorite names?
any chance I might be pregnant? ?
The 'pull out' method and pregnancy?
Should I allow my 16 year old son to go to a club?
PLEASE READ !! will i get my period this month ??
What name do you like more?
Am I pregnant, is this implantation bleeding?
What do you think of the name George Pierce?
Mix and match these names?
I'm upset because my wife wants ME to discipline our daughter?
Which name is better?
Which name is better?
Is 37 to old to have a baby?
Grey residue in Gerber RIce Cereal?
My newborn baby keeps spitting up, could it be because I'm alternating breastmilk and formula?
What do you think of the name Gretchen?
At what point do children start separating fact from fiction?
HELP! am I pregnant?
Possible Pregnancy !!!!!!?
Me and my fiancé are trying to conceive. Two weeks ago on December 29 during my fertile days we had intercours?
What are the chances of pregnancy on the 8th day of cycle?
Lumpy breasts after birth?!?
Am I pregnant ? Is it possible. ?
can someone plz help??
Why do people say that parents love you when you know they obiviously don't?
What's your style of names?
Finding out the gender, is it that important?
READ ME: will Postpartum hemeorrhag affect my next time giving birth?
i haven't had my period in 2-3 months and i started discharging brown stuff am i pregnant?
What Name Will Go With Lizbeth?
What are the chances of pregnancy on the 8th day of cycle?
Rate these names plz?
English/UK peeps! Would this name 'work' here?
What do you think of these few names?
Can DCF take my child away because he has a clavicle bone?
do you think this email is rude?
Am I normal for my age?
what names would you choose ?
Baby name help for little girl?
Im pregnant and keeping the baby?
How to get a day of school?
Does my first name work for a middle name or no?
how to get rid of my 18 months old son's cough?
Do you have ovulation days on the depo??
Birthday Party Questions....?
severe menstral cramps at 28 weeks pregnant?
On bed rest and resisting the nesting urge?!?
Missed period by 8 days?
How long does it take you to get pregnant after the depo shot?
Help! Is she pregnant?
She said i was \irrelevant\ if that's the case why does she want to be my friend again.?
Baby Question (Please Help)?
How do you define bullying?
what single moms need to know?
Can I get pregnant on the depo shot?
Newborn month old sleeping schedual messed up?
would you let your 15 year old daughter...?
How can I convince my sister to buy her child a trampoline?
HGC in early Pregnancy. doubling every 69 hours... normal?
Which name: Eliza or Elizabeth?
is my baby at risk I have had a water infection for a month now?
need opinions im due in may?
Teens: Are you having a good Monday so far?
HCG levels doubling every 69 hours?
What do you think of this sibset?
What is the best baby name?
Is my girlfriend pregnant?! Please please help?
Preemie and feeding issues?
My teacher acts innapropriately?
I have an average 29 day cycle. I had unproteced sex the 5th, 9th, and 14th day of my cycle.?
I exclusively breastfeed my 4 month old.?
Ladies - What size shoe do you wear?
can a 7 month old eat yogurt?
can a 7 month old eat yogurt?
im 22weeks pregnant & i feel like my belly is smaller then usual ?
Activities for infant?
Does anybody have a pix Muti racial babies?
Can i be pregnant or is it prementral symptoms?
How many biological dad's does Tristin Cosgrove have?
My doctor just flagged my HCG as high. What does this mean?
Baby Names That Start With The Letter K ?
help parents evening in 10 days !!!?
I finally chose a girl S name! But which middle name sounds better?
how to tell your Bestfriend your pregnant?
Boys name : Peyton Atticus or Noah Atticus?
what happens if i come off contraceptive injection i didnt want sex at all?
My boyfriend is pressuring me into having an abortion. And i dont know what to do.?
Death Certificates For Babies?
I am going grocery shopping, what can i buy to make my 7 month old?
I am going grocery shopping, what can i buy to make my 7 month old?
Are adoptive parents of internationally adopted children prepared for potential issues they might have?
A bit cunfused i m pregnant or not please help...?
How can Rubella be a reason in a baby's death inside the mother's womb?
My daughters name is Lin Si but she wants to know what the english equalilate would be?
Is it possible to become pregnant from the 'pull out method'?
Can you be pregnant and continue to have a monthly period?
what name is the best on this list?
what name is the best on this list?
Suggestions for boy names?
24weeks pregnant and feel alone?
what kind of food can i eat while I'm pregnant?
I am 11 weeks pregnant before I was pregnant I weight 103. I now weight 104...?
Did the birth control patch fail? PLEASE HELP?
How can I get my boyfriend to understand I need sleep?
Fimer boobs and sore pregnancy syptoms?
Boys name : Addison Kyle or Madison Kyle?
I am Mad At My father?
i need advice on babysitting a 1 years old baby?
? Thoughts On These Unusual Girl Names?
could I be pregnant? Unsure..?
How can I get my two year old son to stop screaming?
Opinions on these names x?
Do you ever wonder what parents are whispering to their misbehaving kids?
Could someone, calmy, explain the Chridtian view of abortion to me?
Not sure if I have miscarried?
Can I get pregnant while having a dead fetus inside me?
ive been having spotting and cramps but the pregnancy test says im not pregnant?
can she be pregnant or are we freaking out for nothing?
37 Weeks Pregnant. Baby hasn't moved in an hour?
What are my chances of being pregnant I'm 16?
What is really going on??
Why is my 2 year old son soo abusive?
Could I be pregnant? I'm worried.?
Opinion on these girl names:)?
Teenage Issues/ Problems?
WDYT of these names I saw recently?
I got caught cheating please help?!?
Where do i start researching to become a surrogant for my sister?
Whats the likliness of me being pregnant?
Teens, which book should I read next?
40 weeks pregnant what is this fluid?
So when do I ovulate?
I have another pregnancy question?
Ideas to get toddler to sleep in own bed?
Short question: Morgan or Morgana?
When did you first feel your baby move?
Realistically when do you ovulate when missing some pills?
How can ketamine affect pregnancy?
I'm worried my girlfriend is pregnant?
How long do I wait to take pregnancy test ?
Any chances of getting pregnant a week before periods?
7do and having symptoms, is anyone else having the same?? Or can anyone give me advice?
pregnant from precum?
Is it best to have a baby with one man, the one you love and are married to, but have a baby with another guy?
Miscarriage 1/11 and another today! twins?
what name is the best on this list?
Pros & Cons of moving to a different state as a single mother?
Clingy and whiny 1 year old?
What would you name these five girls?
So I had sex yesterday. I've been waiting about a week to get my period. What are the pregnancy chances?
Opinions on this boys name?
Please help..AM I INFERTILE?!?
Three misscarriges, what will my doctor test for?
Pregnancy and Rubella vaccination (MMR).?
Mother's copy birth certificate mailed?
is there a possibility that i am pregnant?
I'd really appreciate someone to answer this.?
Shall I get worried for not talking?
Not-so-great living situation for me and my infant son?
My 6 month old son is extra needy lately...Why?
Watery light period. What's going on?
Middle name for Jared?
Which name you like the best? Can you Rate them plz?
How can I tell if I'm having a miscarriage?
17 DAY CYCLE OR PREGNANT?PLEASE HELP!?
cradle cap help, how long to use baby oil?
What would you name quads IF (#3)?
Do doctors let you go past your due date? If so how far after?
Hello, i am so worry. I took the morning after pill twice this month.?
Hello, i am so worry. I took the morning after pill twice this month.?
Weight Gain at 32 weeks pregnant..?
Unique boy and girl names?
Am I right to be annoyed that my in laws gave my child McDonald's after I told them not to?
37 wks 3 days. Wasn't dialated yet at 36 wks. Could I go past my due date? This is my second baby.?
What are some of the best sibling set names?
Emotionally withdrawn from pregnancy. Help?
Girls, I'd like your input on something. My first name is Slate. Cool name or boring name? Thanks!?
GIRLS: what's your daily routine?:)?
how to help labour kick in? 38 weeks pregnant...?
How to make my own printable label for baby shower?
Still not sleeping through the night?
No weight gain during pregnancy 18weeks?
have I lost too much weight whilst pregnant?
What would you use for short ?
how to pronounce this name charlista?
can you get pregnant from using a razor that has sperm on it?
Why isn't my 3 year old creative at all?
Can we seperate the sperm chromosome X and Y?
I'm pregnant and had a dream that I had triplets last night!?
Being on the pill, chances of pregnancy with unprotected sex?
If a hotel says kids stay for free, can i drop them off there and leave them their forever?
could i be pregnant??
Need options on middle names for a girls name?
help me please with pregnancy?
what is the best name for baby girl which will be born in near January?
should i just go meet my friend? meeting two people in one day?
If I'm pregnant, when should i take my implanon out (arm implant brith control)?
Do you have any expect ion from your parents? share your ideas on what qualities an ideal parent ( not what y?
Middle Name for boy name Aidan?
HGC levels and early pregnancy?
Do you think I'm pregnant,when can I test to get right answer?
I'm scared I'm pregnant? Please HELP?
Spotting mid cycle, pregnant?
What's the difference?
I wanna breast feed again.?
Have you ever got an implantation bleed and what did it look like? would love to hear from you?
When does nesting start?
What names could I call baby hampers?
Please, Desperate and looking for answer to if I could be pregnant of not?!?!?
why do i keep getting blinking smiley face on my ovulation test?
in ans To My recent question. about when do you stop giving Money to your Daughter?
is it right to have another baby?
Has anyone had laparoscopy done and how long after did u get pregnant?
I took a digital clearblue easy pregnancy test and it said not pregnant But I feel pregnant can I be?
question for pregnency related...?
my 3 year old son has drastic mood shifts all relative to the time he eats food?
What is the name of this (#) ?
is this legal im wondering?
Am I pregnant and what do I do ?
Precum Pregnancy after emergency contraception?
How long after a laparoscopy can I have a baby?
What would you name Quads IF (#2)?
Advice on dropping out of a class?
Why do I feel like a bad parent?
hi there I'm ava nd needing some answers?
Baby sitting to the right of my body?
Can home pregnancy tests be wrong?
Could my gf be pregnant?
How to act pregnant???
Condom broke the day before fertile day. Can I be pregnant?
what is the rights of a 13 year old father?
What would you name quads IF (#5)?
Why do kids always goto the Childfree people?
help please! :( is this period? or implantation? its lighter and longer than usual. sorry for tmi?
What would you name quads IF (#4)?
im a 13 yo boy both my parents are in jail. they have been In there since I was 6 both of my carrers have not?
i'm 5days late and am not having any signs of my period coming.?
US teens: What exactly is homecoming?
What would you name quads IF (#2)?
Negative pregnancy test, but I'm pretty sure I'm pregnant!?
I need help I'm giving up?
I think im pregnant on the implanon but im not sure but im scared?
What would you name quads IF (#1)?
I think I could be PREGNANT?
Does this happen to anyone else?
Why i look younger than my age?
Does my baby have colic?!?
Can anyone give some advice on P test VicRoads?
Am i pregnant?please help;?
What are your opinions on these names?
Is safe to have sex during 2nd month of pregnancy ?
Middle name for Luna?
Pregnant and on an apprenticeship?!?
Could I be pregnant? Help?
Premature baby to be delivered at 27 weeks?
my period started brownish and went bright red could i be pregnant?
Can taking the abortion pill two times in two years affect fertility?
I had unprotected sex four days after menstruation. is it likely for me to be pregnant?
6 w 2 day pregnant and spotting black?
I have missed my periods for 4 days now.....?
Baby developing in abdominal cavity?
My 2yrs son as develop the habbit of beating parents.?
I have missed my periods for 4 days now.....?
Pregnant..don't know what to do about my job?! Help please.?
do you think i could have gotten pregnant this way?
Why my mom treats me like a stepson?
I'm relapsing after leaving a bad relationship. Please help me.?
Anyone know of any good unisex names?
What's your best \back 2 School\ advice for parents?
I missed my periods for 4 days I have a doubt tht can I have a sex with my husband are not but I have a doubt?
Sperm donation, egg sharing and IVF?
Want to stop breast feeding 11weeks?
Mothers and mothers to be i have a question?
Have I harmed my unborn baby?
My mom drags me to the church every Sunday and I hate it.?
Advice for a step-mom re: bonding and 'mom' title.?
Which is your favourite name out of the two?
Nursery Activity for 2-3 Year Olds?
How do i tell my parents I'm having sex?
At what age do girls transform from 'sweet' to troublesome teens?
Am I pregnant? I'm at 4 weeks.!!!!!?
I am now 2 months pragnent?
symptoms of pregnancy? Or impending period?
My baby is teething BAD. Shes 3 Months old. I tryd freezing the teething toys and numing meds and not working?
could I be pregnant; had sex 10 days before ovulation?
I have used unwanted72 once.ia there any chance of infertility in future?
could she b pregnant?
Trying to fall pregnant?
wat all legal documents should i submit to take passport for my baby 10 months old her father is in saudi?
How much time before sex one should take a pill?
How Much Formula Should I Feed My 9 Weeks and 3 Days Old Baby?
Watery and clear discharge is this normal?
Help Baby names please?
Symphysis pubis dyscomfort?
You're favourite baby boy names?One recent boys name you like,and old ish..?
Experiencing sore breast never have had before?
How soon after a period does ovulation start?
(Poll) A - Z baby girl names? What are yours?
how much does one tin of nutrilon standard baby formula cost in supermarket in netherland?
Would you let your 16 year old son have a friend with benefits?
10 days late but negative test ?
Single teen mothers, where can I get HELP?
Thoughts on the name Jeneva?
my daughter is having her 10th birthday and i need games for her?
depo-provera shot ... any help ?
depo-provera shot ... any help ?
How many hours before having sex , one should take a pill?
How many hours before having sex , one should take a pill?
Did I just have a miscarriage ?
What's your favorite cartoon?
(Poll) A - Z baby boy names? What are yours?
Can you get pregnant a week before your period is due?
Any chance of pregnancy ?
Parents found bong and weed adding somethin on?
I need some help with this issue I sort of kinda used the pull out method but still need some answers !?!?
Missed my period, Can I be pregnant?
When do the foster come back?
Unique baby names? Help!?
have been spotting for 14 days,what could it be?
i want to change my name with sirname?
What are cut names for baby girls?
Im worried can anyone help me ?
8 weeks pregnant and can't have sex right :(?
circumcision? ? help?
I have irregular periods and it last for only two days,with a little black blood on the first day, I am seriou?
i have a think bule line on my pg test?
F2 dependent - cost of child birth?
I have a pregnancy question?
How safe withdrawal method is? is that true that if a sperms comes out it is automatically unhealthy?
Chance of pregnancy or no ?
Can you eat while being induced?
Plz answer this. I need opinions!!! pregnant or not?
y was six afriad of sveen???//?
Teens: What are your hobbies?
My doctor just flagged my HCG as high. What does this mean?
breastfeeding and trying to conceive?
as much advice as i can get?
Is this all in my head ?
Is this all in my head ?
How can I help my girlfriend through labor ?
how long can a dcfs case be?
Weight gain .. Headaches , sore boobs & nipples, boobs got bigger? Sore lower back an neck ..?
I need help! Am I pregnant !??
Femaprin & TTC!!!!!! help?
I had unprotected sex four days after menstruation. Is it likely for me to get pregnant?
Arabella Rose Coronado, Like the name for our daughter?
Late periods taking Metformin, is this normal?
If I use a registry at baby's r us, is it possible to pick up the gifts instead of people bringing to me?
Unique names? Cute and creative?
I need to know..............?
Using these guidelines, name your family?
a name to go with Barry..?
How do I get him to like me:(?
I need to know..............?
WAYYY late period neg test?
Do babies really self wean?!?
I haven't took my birth control pills in two weeks , am i still protected?
Just found out my mom smoked while pregnant with me..?
i got a period in October and November and then i got it on dec then it came back for a few days a week later.?
My question was to long so read the details and please help me out?
Am in infertile can I have kids?
Could I be pregnant? Or other options.?
Could I possibly be pregnant?
Should I get my ears pierced?
My dad hates me for being a lesbian?
People Always Think Im Young :(?
Parents: Would you let your daughter do this?
if youre to early for a at home pregnancy test?
trying to figure out when I conceived!!?
Is it possible to be pregnant without any signs?
When can I sign my son up for nursery?
My eight-year-old daughter won't stop screaming and whining.?
Is this name too popular?
Carnival birthday party need help?
Bleach pregnancy test!!!!!!!!!!?
Would you put your child in a beauty pageant?
Help with names please :)?
Pregnant after a period?
Implantation or spotting?
potty training basics for a 2 yr old boy?
he didnt cum, can i be pregnant?
If a James Andrew got into a fist fight with a Randall David, who would win?
Need help with baby names!?
Having sex one time on fertile days?
If you got it in the butt and after, you accidentally whipped to the front, can you get pregnant that way?
Normal for 3 year old to weight 23 lbs?
My menstrual cycle is 28 days. My first day of Menstruation is Dec. 16, 2013 and ends in Dec. 18, 2013.?
3 months after the mini pill, am i pregnant?
What's your first impressions of these names?
Is it possible to get pregnant on the bar?
What do 15 year old boys like in girls?
My mom won't let me do this?
I would like your help with these baby names i would like your own names / ideas thanks :)?
good middle names for boy named Maddox and girl named Kinsleigh?
Pregnant and my boyfriend is still smoking pot, smoking cigs and drinking?
Why do teen girls want babies?
Do you like my name Anthony?
Can you get pregnant from dry sperm?
What do you think of this name as a full name?
Full-name-wise, if an Aaron Christopher got into a fist fight with Craig William, who would win?
Is possible to get pregnant during 2nd and 3rd day of Menstruation?
What's a good middle name for Abigail?
Is hitting puberty at ten then losing your virginity the next year bad?
How to convince my mom to let me do this?
Is this pregnancy or is it just change?
I have got in touch with her she wants me back now I told her no she wants me in the delivery room with her?
Character name help? 4 character need names?
Is it weird for guys in 6th grade to look at mine and my friends butt all the time ?
With all the clever baby names how come no parents have ever named their kids after things in their homes?
Out of curosity b/b, b/g and names?
How long before TTC should you quit smoking?
What were your results on Clomid or other fertility treatments?
Pick a set from the list?
Help, is there a way that I can have a miscarriage?
What name \ Excuse \ do you hate the most?
Little brother doesn't want to go to sleep?
I feel like I'm a loser...?
I resented my unborn child's father when I first got pregnant. can anyone relate?
Confused please help!? Sorry for any tmi?
TTC but did I accomplish or fail?
Hi.. I have a 4 month old male shih tzu and the problem is he has Very small hair?
One week prior to period, after taking clomid, cramping and light bleeding! Could I be pregnant?
How to stop overeacting like this?
I am 16 and had sex with my friend, how do I tell him Im pregnant?
I got involved with a guy who's almost 10 years OLDER than me...parents I really need help?
what are the most gorgeous girls names you have ever heard?
What is a good baby boy name to go with the middle name Aston?
My name is Trinity && I need a new cute username for my Instagram . Any help ?
could my gf be pregnant please help!!?
Evaporation line? Or I am pregnant?
breastfeeding, engorged breasts, bleeding nipple help :(?
Opinion On Baby Girl Name?
When adopting rats should I adopt 2 female 2 male or 1 of each?
What do you think of these boy's names?
Names for twins? Girl/Boy?
Early Pregnancy Symptoms... Does this mean anything?
Am I pregnant...help?
Am I being paranoid?? Or are these symptoms of me losing virginity?
i need suggestions for my daughters middle name?
i had sex on the 1 but i was expecting my period on the 31 and is now the 12 and i have not got my period?
What is the worst holiday in your mind?
Can someone give me names from these times? Please?
what should i do????
Guess what guys! Exciting news (to me at least)?
what do u think of the sibset Jude and Reagan?
Abortion Is Not Really Murder?
How long after using depo can you conceive?
What do you think of these boys names?
how do i get an iphone shipped to my house with out my parents knowing?
Feeling insecure in a swim suit?
Name options, what do you think?
How to have more friends at school?
Can I do this at 17 in MI? What can my mom do?
Which do you prefer: Eva or Ana?
late on my period...am i pregnant?
what do u think of this sibset ?
Opinions on these girls names?
Is it safe to shop at thrift store while pregnant?
Can my stomach be hard at three weeks?
15 and. 19 year old dating?
What would you name your baby out of these names?
TEENS: What's your favorite number(s)?
Can you get pregnant after missing the depo shot?
Should I skip a day of school?
could my gf be pregnant please help?
Is this high chair good for a real baby?
what if you have always wanted a child so u pretend while it destroys you that you are to young or unableadvis?
What do you think of these boy names?
Will I show faster during second pregnancy?
nature inspired girl name?
Do you like these names for quintuplets?
Is it ok to tell my wife that I have fears of her dying while giving birth?
TEENS: what would your parents do if they found out you smoked?
i need to know some unique baby namesboy and girls and they have to be cuteness?
What are the chances for my girlfrien be pregnant and still having her period?
When to go on maternity leave?
can i not get pregnant?
my baby is 2 months old,i breastfeeding,im on diet 1500 cal per day ,i don't loose any weight ,why help?
what do you think of the name Reagen for a girl?
Please I need help could I be pregnant ?
Can I still take the morning after pill?
Can I be pregnant I have not had my period in two months?
Why do I feel slightly embarrassed to tell people that I was pregnant?
Is there something wrong with this?
I had feelings for my best friend, now I ruined it. What do I do?
Very confused.. pregnant?
What if my parents catch me again?
Why are some teenage girls b*tchy for no reason?
how could i not be pregnant? very late period and neg. test...?
Ideas for a small sweet 16 party?
Does Mia have 2 pronunciations?
am i freak bc im almost twenty and i've never had a boyfriend?
Did I ejaculated or not? Help.?
My nipples hurt and have white bumps. Am I pregnant?
True or false: Money can buy happiness?
A name for a baby girl?
38 yr old female with AMH level of 4.85. Should I have another child before too late?
If someone has power of attorney of a child can they give someone guardianship? Neither parents are involved?
Why don't you let your kids watch spongebob?
What names do you like?
Walgreens One-Step Pregnancy Test first is one blue horizontal line second it did not have any line?
16 days late, no AF! ? Your stories? Please! :)?
Which Girl Name Do You Like The Best?
Full-name-wise, if a Christopher Robert got into a fist fight with a Tyler James, who would win?
i'm 16 and my mom wants to get me a sitter?!?!!?
12 days late for period tests showing faint positive?
I can't find my cervix?!?
2 names that you can't stand? 2 names you love/favorites?
Good job for teenagers?
How on earth are smaller women able to get pregnant and physically give birth?
What does kind of person does this name sound like?
What to do with my 7 year old brother?
Why are some parents against their kids getting their ears pierced, wearing nail polish, etc?
Teens: Favorite out of these 4 songs? (Disclaimer Edition!)?
Pregnancy Question im 20 weeks?
Which name is best for my main character?
does this mean i cant get pregnant?
does this mean i cant get pregnant?
What size clothing does the average 8 year old wear?
What do you think of this boy's name?
Full-name-wise, if an Alexander James got into a fist fight with a Tyler James, who would win?
WDYT of this sibling set?
sick of people saying it's not possible to feel pregnancy this early.?
When nursing 3 week old she sometimes had breastmilk come out her nose. Usually anywhere from 10 to 30 mins?
which name sound better for a girl?
Name kids with these names?
Signs of period or pregnancy?
This or that, english and italian names?
My mom is making me wear an ugly jacket? What should i do?
Full-name-wise, if an Alexander James got into a fist fight with a Daniel John, who would win?
Teens: what artist have you been listening to a lot lately?
Ezra Allen Rico or Ezra James Rico for my baby boy?
Does anyone else think this name is ugly?
Will a 19 year old get arrested for getting a 16 year old pregnant?
head pains during pregnancy?
How long is the average 3 year old's calf?
Cry it out method...does it work or is it just mean?
Why are teenagers more risk takers then adults and younger kids?
Is this \normal\ 11-YO behavior?
Can u get a tattoo while pregnant. ?
21 weeks pregnant pelvic pain?
Im pregnant, my boyfriend gave me a really big bear hug around my stomach last week.. now im haveing bad pain.?
How many birth control methods can be used at once?
Is the guy I babysit for hitting on me?
I need answers please....i just had a newborn and i know you suppose to wait six weeks to have sex but i had?
what do you think of the name Taelyn?
two friends want me to help them, what should i do?
Do any of you guys wear glasses or contacts?
What should i do?!!!?
My 7 month old babygirl fell off couch!?
Why can't I go? Parent troubles!!?
3week old newborn constantly hungry?
Has anyone ever criticized your choice of names?
what colors come to mind when you read off each of these middle names to my first list?
I'am 38 weeks and 6 days preg today any ideas on how I can get labor started?
Do you think I could be pregnant?
Which names for twin girls - Whitney & Carly or Sienna & Carmen?
Can't get the tampon in.... :/?
how much are pregnancy test at a pharmacy? or any cheeper place to get it, has to be a good brand!?
Which name is better Shaelyn or Kaelyn?
WDYT of Shane and Blake for twin boys?
What do you think of my dream children's names?
Which do you prefer: Eva or Ana?
Do you have to pay for adopting a dog in Australia ?
Girl names that would sound cute with the name Will?
Does this mean I am pregnant?
Am only 19 and my periods are not right could anyone help me?
I want an iPhone case that mom thinks is girly.. I'm 15?
Could I be pregnant?
Is getting up at this time to early?
Middle name for Georgie?
where can my fiance get the abortion pill free?
2 more boy names that will go with this sibling set?
What do you think of the name Dalia?
if I start babysitting what is a good schedule to go by?
An 8 year old boy keeps kissing me and saying we're dating. What should I do?
Teens: Which Disney star do you think is the next to loose it?
Chance of being pregnant?
Sexy, Unique, Bad Boy names?
A 6 year old was daring me to do inappropriate things. What should I have done?
Abortion at 16 weeks?
What do you think about the name Isabella?
Can it be arranged to that a pair of twins have different fathers.?
what are chances of becoming pregnant ?
Do the Playtex Latex nipples fit any other bottle brand?
Baby names here! Needing some feedback!?
I need long pretty female names, please?
parents what is your opinion on spanking?
I can't sleep I feel so sick?
Im having pregnancy mood swings.....?
My boyfriend made a big mistake after having sex?
Do you want kids in the future?
I need help with naming my baby boy.?
What do you think of the name Bamper for a boy?
How high is the chance of me getting pregnant?
My best friend craves attention?
Is it bad that I'm a guy and don't like to get into any fights?
Do breasts hurt every day throughout pregnancy?
Which gender do you think these names belong to?
Taking St. John's warts to get pregnant?
want is the name of my frist boy?
Round 2! If you had to choose from these names, which would you choose for a little boy?
Why are these girls so stupid?
8 week old baby feeding less and sleeping more, is this normal?!?
I need help choosing a girl name?
What Is The Most Unattractive Name You Can Think Of?
Round 2! If you had to choose from these names, which would you pick for a little girl?
Can an ovulation test still come back with a smiley face, but no ovulation?
My son is 5 months old and I am pregnant again what should I do?
How can I get pregnant with PCOS?
*Parents* How old were you when you had your children?
Teens: Is anyone looking forward to tomorrow?
My son freak out when he sees the female body?
Need sweet girls names?
Teens: Have you ever tried any drugs?
Advice needed from parents of school-age kids?
Which name would you pick out of these? Boy + girl?
breech baby vs head down baby?
Worry about being induce tomorrow. This my first pregnancy?
My three year old's breath smells horrible?
Which girl name sounds better?
Girlfriend pregnant? help please...?
Can precum get a girl pregnant?
Rate these sibling names from 1-10?
Can't find my school textbooks?
what month sould i start buying baby stuff?
How to convince your parents to get you a laptop?
If you had 10 kids what would be their names and why?
My husband gave a lot of money to charity should i be mad?
What can I do? My daughter just isn't?
How do you pronounce...?
What are your favorite girls names starting with A,B, D, G, H,P, R, S, and C?
Can you get pregnant from dry sperm or precum?
what color comes to mind when you read off each of these names?
How often should I have sex to make a baby?
Middle Name for my babygirl Audrey!!?
My daughter is 9 but I know she is young but she would baby sit kids up to 5 years old or up on weekends?
What are your thoughts on these names?
Are these names \too\ popular/trendy in your opinion?
Twin boy names that go with Amber?
Who do you think is better looking?
is there another female name along with Pierce?
Who is most likely the father of my baby?
Which of these 3 girls names do you like the best?
Does it sound like I am pregnant to you?
How long should a round take?
Could i be pregnant or not HELP TTC?
What colors pop in your mind when you hear each name ?
What do you think my bf's name is?
Which speeling sounds better for a boy?
swollen right gland, 4 canker sores in mouth, swollen gums, fever, creamy cm?
I have hazel eyes, boyfriend has green eyes, what color will our baby's eyes be?
8 Days late? Should I be worried?
Looking for recommendations for a softer crib mattress?
Having a class with an ex?
I see a faint line ! Does this mean I'm pregnant?
my son wear;s a size 9 boy's shoe what size would that be in adult's?
Could Sebastian have the nickname Tino?
how much does it cost to have a baby?
School is stressing me out way, way too much.?
help me with a baby girdl name. greatly appriciated! please ladies?
Condom fell out inside me?
What do you do to spend time with your young children when you have different interests?
Different variations of the name Gisele?
What to do for a 16th?
Can I get pregnant right after miscarrying?
could I be pregnant? help!?
Do these names work for siblings, or is it too much?
can i still get pregnant without having a ovulation?
Can a 18 year old be in a relationship with a 16 year old and live in the same house as them?
Opinions On the Name Travis?
What do you think of the name Noa for a girl?
I see a thin lines !! Does this mean I'm pregnant?
I had unprotected sex 4 days ago can I get pregnant?
14 month old sleep patterns?
Pair these boys names?
Do you think the name Ava is too common to use?
my 5 year old son is acting bad all the time he does not listen to me && im 5months pregnant what should I do?
It's been almost a year and I still don't trust them?
I had sex with an older man?
Birthday presents for 2 year olds?
Questions about boys names?
cant believe something?
Could I possibly be?
Match up these girls names?
What is a cute good middle name for the name Ryder(boy or girl)?
What are some names for a popstar?
Fiance wanted a baby with me.. now she wants an abortion ?
What are some middle names that would go good with lakyn?
What are the chances and when should I take a test?
Could/Is this a sign of pregnancy?
I think i am pregnant?
abdominal pain in pregnancy?
Daycare worker but need to put baby in daycare?
Opinion on a boy/girl name for me?
Worried I might be Pregnant ?
Is it possible that I'm infertile at 15?
Is it possible that I have become infertile?
If you're 13-14 and have started your period and have unsafe sex can you become pregnant? :(?
do you have and good boy names?
Teens: Answer this survey?
anyone have any experience with kids and speech delay?
What's a good name for baby number 7?
Name baby's from this list?
Could my girlfriend be pregnant?
Why are single/stay at home moms SO annoying?
Is shaving my daughters head an acceptable punishment?
Stuck for a girls name?
why do kids always want more freedom?
Could the word nickelodeon Be use as a boy name?
What Does It Mean If My Girlfriends Stomach Has Been Hurting Off & On & Shes Peed Out Creamy Stuff?
How likely is it I'm pregnant?
TTC for 6 months with no luck :( Perhaps I should try Vitex? ADVICE PLEASE!!?
I'm due with my first baby the beginning of July. When do you typically have your baby shower?
Can an adoption be overturned in Pennsylvania?
need some pregnancy help?
why girls really wanna have children?
He says he wants a child in 6 to 7 years?
I've have been bleaching my skin before I was pregnant is it possible my child could have skin problems?
how soon should I start reading to my baby? or teaching him/her objects and animals?
Sibling name for baby boy??
is it hormones??????????
Irregular periods and implantation bleeding?
my daughter keeps getting bit by something?
how to get breastmilk back?
Why won't my teen daughter do all the cooking for the family?
How do you pronounce this name?
I'm worried about when I should be a mum?
what do you think of these names?
My mom acts like a child?
I need help with some baby names. Serious answers only!?
what do i do when my 14yr old son send me nasty texts please help i dont know what to do?
what is a good nickname for a girl who likes bubblegum or sweets?
Could I get full custody of my daughter in Iowa?
How strict should you be with your kids?
how does smoking affect a pregnant woman?
Very worried help ASAP!!!!?
what's a sure fire way to break your hymin without having sex?
Is it normal for mothers to get fustrated while nursing their children?
I had sex for the first time yesterday. Stupidly enough we didnt use a condom.?
What gender do you think each of these names belongs to?
Angry with my mom for not taking me out of this school?
should i of eaten for my antinatal blood test?
Is it possible thata child could have two biological fathers?
What would you name 6 children?
Hi i have a project for school in two days all i need is a last name that matches with the name Regina or Ceci?
9 weeks pregnant with bleeding and no heartbeat?
Honest opinions on my future childrens names?
Am i pregnant? or is it something else?
Pretty & less common short names?
Name 5 girls with these names?
Which 'El' name(s) do you like best?
What to buy a ten year old girl?
what do you think of the name Daniel?
Which name do you prefer?
got my period , but have pregnacy symtopm?
my parents wont let me hang out?
How likely is pregnancy?
Pregnant cons and pros? and how to tell my family?
Do babies eat at certain times every day?
Thoughts on the name Azalea Rose?
I need answers!!! am I pregnant or not?
Pregnant? Period? Any answers please?
A child has behaviour problems how would you explain this to other children in the class?
?? What would you name these kids?
Your opinion on my future children names???
Suggest boy names based on these girl names?
What's your opinion on vent-free heaters?
Is there a chance that I could be pregnant,?
Evan, Max, or Jeremy?
Girls names that Mean \Hero\ or something similar?
Can You Get Pregnant or No?
Scared! Don't want to be pregnant?
I can't think of last names for these girls. Can you help?
what do you think about this anagram name?
HELP!.... need advice?
Do you think Genevieve Luella Pearl, Lucy Beatrice Rose and Annabelle Winter Kate are a good Sibset?
my dad treats my like a kid?
My guy says it's a myth that childbirth must be painful, any feed back?
I hate my children!!!?
what would you do if your mom called cps on spite?
18 and I think I'm pregant !!! Help!!?
? Honest opinions on my top 10 girl names (+BQ)?
I have a month a son?
Midwifery or Childrens nurse? Need advice.?
help potty training wont pee in potty seems afraid?
What do you think of these names for twins?
Stereotype the name Leah?
Oxytocin factor... Advice needed please?
my other sister (cousin) is having a baby too i need some names?
When did you started solids food with baby?
can you babysit at 14?
When is the ideal time in pregnancy to start setting up the nursery?
? Rate and opinions on these baby girl names?
I had unprotected sex with my girlfriend and I pulled out what are the chances she's pregnant?
Give a name you think I've never heard of(;?
is there any way to know do you have a baby after donating sperm?
Is Kayden a good name for a female protagonist?
do you like kamryn or kaniyah?
What should I do about my 15 year old son who do not care about school?
Do you like the name Regan for a girl?
Girl name to go with siblings Gavin and Tessa?
Does pineapples really make a girl taste better?
can i still get pregnant if we used a condom and he did cum inside me?
Beautiful girl names from the 1940s?
Can't have sex... what's wrong with me? :/?
How much does your toddler drink per day?
i need baby girl names that start with a K?
My foster dad is really strict and he does some really bad things?!?
When Are Girl Most Likely To Get Pregnant?
am i ready to go into labour?
I'm a single father and my 17 year old daughter won't eat at all. What should I do?
how can I miss my next depo shot in march without my bf knowing?
Tiny blood clot after sex. what could it be?
Which baby girl name do you like best?
My girlfriend is pregnant..?
What is your dream family?
contraception for one time?
Is it a normal period or a miscarriage?
help. am I pregnant??
Best ways to get a job/income at 14?
Fertility related question?
period like cramps but no period,HELP?
Why do my parents want me to get a job so bad?
should under 18s be banned from putting their babies up for adoption?
10 weeks postpartum and dizzy, what could it be?
violent and aggressive 5yr old please help?
My Husbands hits me while im pregnant should i leave are get him some help?
Jennings or Hyland as the last name?
Teens: What do you feel were the best and worst songs of 2013?
Could I be pregnant? Isit too early to rest?
How likely is it that my baby will have green eyes?
In the state of nevada can you have medicaid and insurance through your parents employer if youre pregnant?
Would you rather get spanked or get grounded for 2 weeks?
I'm excited to become a mum, but I'm 14?
Which twin girl name set do you like the best?
Faint Positive on Pregnancy Test?
Best attraction/thing to do for families with preteens or teenagers?
How can you tell a difference in a heavy period and a miscarriage?
Opinions on the name Azaleah?
Which set do you like the best?
Thoughts on the name Ivana + BQ?
Why am I so nervous of my son meeting my daugther?
This or that girl name?
Opinions on the NICKNAME Aya?
What are my chances of having twins?
Arielle, Lacey, or Sophie? Which and why?
Arielle, Lacey, or Sophie? Which and why?
im pregnant and fell on the ice outside is baby ok???!!!??
How to deal with abusive mother?
Can she get pregnant?
What age do people start smoking?
Finding it hard to sleep? 38 weeks pregnant?
What do you think of this name?
Boy names starting with Y?
What do you think of these names?
Complete the sibset!?!?
I think I'm pregnant please help?
similar girls names, this or that?
violent and aggressive 5yr old please help?
What do you think of my cousins name?
What do you think about the boy name Gunnar?
Has anyone had bleeding like a period during pregnancy?
ways to improve 8 year olds spelling?
Do you like my name? Ten points?
i have an open dcfs case i finished my caseplan and i have on child in my costudy but they said im not allowed?
could I be pregnant? or what is this?
is this morning sickness?
Im 18 and pregnant , is it hard being a mom at 18 ?
What would you name 6 boys using these names?
i sleep alot help and i dont know what to do!!!!?
How do i get a 3 year old?
How to throw a baby shower?
How to throw a baby shower? Try #2?
is it possible to get pregnant if my boyfriend ejaculate on a first round . and had sex for the 2nd round?
Girl names from 1900s (friends account)?
wife has pelvic pressure at 6 weeks, is this an issue?
3 yr old niece makes random noises?
What are your favourite names?
What are your favorite boy and girl names?
Hearing your babies heartbeat?
Best white noise machine for baby?
Middle names that would go with Amelia and Thomas?
Names for a female Afghan character?
Many women choose to return to work after having a baby. What are the advantages and Disadvantages?
Which sibset would you prefer to have?
Chances of pregnancy?
implantation bleeding need help asap?
dehydration? whats going on?
curiosity about pregnancy and menstruation?
Off depo, possibility of being pregnant?
curiosity about pregnancy and menstruation?
How to throw a baby shower?
am i pregnant or what?
What's the chance i'm pregnant?
What is cherry popping?
How likely is it I'm pregnant?
How likely is it I'm pregnant?
Flase negative??? need advise ... asap!!! heartbroken:(?
Can you pick 6 names from these lists?
What should I do about this situation?
Having sex at 16 and don't know what to do about the parents.?
Does anyone have a baby but a younger baby than yours in the family?
20weeks pregnant spotted after sex very worried please help?
20weeks spotted after sex please help?
Opinions on these names?
what are some fun games to play with a large group of toddlers?
What do you think of these nicknames?
am i pregnant are these symptoms ?!?
Am I pregnant, or am I fine?
Which spelling is better Lauren elise or Lauren Elyse?
Pregnancy possible? Fingering + Plan B?
Which baby boy name??
Is it normal to have period over 5 days?
Can my girlfriend get pregnant?
Ladies who have had kids, or are currently pregnant, did you have an increased sense of smell and do you...?
can two males care for under 5's without a female present in a sunday school (UK)?
Woreied about my 7month old son?
i'm still a virgin but is it possible for me to become pregnant?
what is the procedure in delivering placenta?
how do i use tommee tippee miomee twin 2 pack nipple shields solution for inverted nipples?
Positive inserts vs negative inserts?
Need help really worried please help?
my friend's period is 5 days late. Is it possible she's pregnant?
My LO is 2, should I start potty training?
I'm relapsing after leaving a bad relationship. Please help me.?
What should I say to someone I want to babysit for?
I've done two home pregnancy tests, 1 positive 1 negative.?
How does this name sound?
Baby hates breastmilk and prefers formula?
WDYT of my dream children's names?
is this normal during sex?
Are my parents pathetic or is this normal parent attitude?
How to get baby to sleep?
Am I pregnant? Only put tip in?
TTC, very let down by this :(?
Pleasr help im 14wks pregnant my tummy was really big and hard now it soft and not as big should i be worried?
How to deal with my parents?
Any pregnancy possibility ?
Which hindu baby boy name is better out of - Ahan, Aarav, Abhir, Advik, Hridhaan?
Difference between toddler bed and a single bed?
how many months are 12 weeks?
Can i get a girl pregnant through this?
A girl looked at me and pointed at her bracelet!?
a reply to your answer about my birth controll from lin?
name for a girl? (choose one)?
10days..negative hpt?
should i bottlefeed temporarily?
Miscarriage or chemical pregnancy ?... Or period?
Am I pregnant????????? help?
i have 1 yr son,we dont want second child now,i am 1 month pragnent,how can i getridoff thi problem?
What would you name 3 boys and 3 girls using names of characters these actors/actresses have played?
Anyone know about surrogacy?
Why am I bleeding between my periods?
Which on of these baby girl names do you prefer?
Someone said there are toys for toddlers with flashlights in them and where do I get one?
Pregnant? Please help!?
help me choose a name?
Is it illegal to rent an apartment for your child?
Middle names for Evangeline and Ana?
How does it feel to be a mom?
Might I be pregnant? sort of worried?
Thoughts on some of my fav girls names, they're quite uncommon?
baby head issues and need solution?
What do you think of the name Lucas ?
Can someone help me report this child abuse incident I'm going through?
Pregnancy please help?
Signs of pregnancy?!?
If my due date is April 22th when did I get pregnant ?
I want to get pregnant?
Why do many breastfeeding mothers like to bully formula feeding mothers?
Is it possible for you to crush your baby's head while giving birth?
Why do many breastfeeding mothers like to bully formula feeding mothers?
pregnancy question, please help. give stars to best answer!?
Where to Buy Cytotec and Mifepristone in the Philippines?
Is it okay?? names....?
Is Kaureen an Arabic name? And if so, what does it mean?
Dilaludid and breastfeeding?
When do you think i will get my period ?
Implant (pregnancy symptoms)?
Can I be pregnant? help me!!!?
How many hours am I supposed to work as a 16 year old at Jack in the box?
unprotected sex, 3 heavy periods, negative pregnancy test?
Which spelling of this name is better?
Should I take the morning after pill?
Help AF due in 2days.. CP confusion?
Can a girl get pregnant even if she gets her period 28 days later ?
Serious questions serious answers?
what do you think of the name Etta for a girl?
My question please help way too tensed?
Please help.! Am I pregnant.?
cute girl names for a pomeranian?
I concieved on my period?
Katerina, Lacey, Arielle, or Raven? Rate and pick the best!?
This is to the rest of my question can babies see and talk to Angels?
This is to the rest of my question can babies see and talk to Angels?
How would I do these hairstyles? Pictures below!?
Which one is best..boys and girls?
how is my baby so healthy? how is this possible?
Pregnant ? Please accurate answers !?
fertilaid, what is it? And how do I get some? ?
Breast feeding and chicura root tea/ te de chicura?
23 weeks pregnant, who's the father!?
What is the best and worst U.S. cities to raise your child?
How much time it will take for my wife to get pregnant after intercourse?
What are your thoughts on the name Hilary for a girl? And do you prefer the spelling Hilary or Hillary?
What's a good middle name for Jack and Aimee?
What is the baby eyes colour ?
How do you know if you are pregnant without having to take the pee stick test or going to a doctor?
just had a baby got the depo shot six weeks later i had sex the day before i got the shot and the fourth week?
can the tip of a penis touch a clitoris and the girl become pregnant?
what are some cute baby names...both genders?
what to put on child care application?
If You Are A Virgin How Can You Tell You Are Pregnant like Mary?
Full-name-wise, if a Craig Joseph got into a fist fight with a Justin James, who would win?
Thoughts on the name Thea?
Some helpful tips to conceive?
Can I feel my baby's legs?
What name sounds best?
Reye's syndrome during pregnancy?
Curious someone help?
Was my girlfriend pregnant?
Having a baby boy. Really love the name Ari Ananias. What do you think?
Breast twinges while on Fertilaid?
how do i keep my kids dad from getting weekends with my 2 month old breast fed child?
please tell me if i am pregnant or not??pleaseeee?
Cramping after taking vitamin C... Pregnant?
Do you like the name Lila?
Which girl name sounds prettier ?
Why do people do this?
I had this friend in the first grade and she grew up?
2 1/2 month old teething ?
Pregnancy after ipill?
are their any babysitting job for 13 year olds?
how can I combine the names Billy and Sittie?
On a scale of one to ten how messed up is this section?
Has there been a recall recently of enfamil formula ?
am worried am pregnate. only 15 i need help?
I knew this little girl when I was in first grade and she grew up?
lost my virginity today.....PLEASE NO HATE..... I'm 13?
My 4 year old son has been stealing and hiding things of mine, Why?
36 weeks what happend?
Baby name help? Please?
PLEASE HELP!!!! 28 weeks pregnant and sex hurts?
Tha app my days. Who knows it ladys.?
What is the most beautiful name for a girl?
Can you get pregnant while having viginal discharge?
What is the most beautiful name for a girl?
Can you get pregnant while having viginal discharge?
when is my baby going to get out of this habit?
when is my baby going to get out of this habit?
Why do people keep saying this name is \trashy\?
Is it OK to leave my baby in the car while I go shopping if I leave the windows open a little?
Week late period but neg pregnancy test?
what are the chances for my virgin GF to get pregnant?
What age is it appropriate to lose your virginity?
Help! Cyber bullying?
Would it be weird to call twin girls \Isabelle\ and \Elisabeth\?
my newborn has red bumps all arOund?
my newborn has red bumps all arOund?
desperately wanting a baby?
What are your thoughts on the name Cate?
What do adults think of teenagers nowadays?
what does every teenager have in common?
Why do parents think spanking is okay?
Should I be concerned?
Should I be concerned?
What does it mean when you have too pee but nothing will come out?
Hi I have a question..........?
Ways to stop masturbating as a christian teen?
Parents help please.?
Unusual varibles. Is pregnancy still possible?
can I be pregnant if I had unprotected sex almost two weeks before my period?
which girl name is the best on this list?
Name for a redheaded, pretty, freckled, spunky girl?
17 pregnant..how to tell boss?
WDYT of my character family names??
I just got a job that I've been trying to get for over a year now but I'm pregnant?
What would you name ten girls?
Whats a good punishment to give my kid?
Should I go to college? Dad's offering to pay?
Which boy's name do you prefer?
how do i approach my doctor about my self harm scars?
Getting child back after adoption?
is It okay For An 12 Year Old To Date An 15 Year Old?
Good baby girl names?
How to caluate my ovluating?
What do you think of these names?
Please answer! could i be pregnant?!?!?
Is my daughter spoiled?
How do I connivence my parents to let me take this job?
Chance of pregnancy? Precum, virgin, week before period?
Can i really be pregnant two weeks after having sex?
Is she going to be pregnant?!?
Why am I not ovulating?
Should I take a Post day pill?
teens: would you go out with a guy?
Why does my uterus randomly get hard?
Is there something wrong with me?!?
What would you name siblings to Julia, Zoey & Melody?
Noah Blake or Noah Elijah?
I need names to match the description of these characters:..?
chances of pregnancy if male urinates after?
Does how much you eat effect breastfeeding?
I want to get birth control without my parents knowing i am sexually active?
37 weeks and 3 days, 3cm dilated, membranes swept and lost mucus plug?
what are some cute middle names for skyler and bailey?
What do you think of the boys name Colin John?
Baby shower need help?
Names similar to Giselle and Fauna?
should my 6yr old still be doing this?
what can cause rash on baby face?
I've been throwing up lately and I had unprotected sex 3 days ago is it possible to be pregnant? HELP ME!!?
Rejected after moving too fast:(!?
Premature labor or normal,32 weeks?
Natural childbirth or medicated childbirth?
Potty training!?? ...?
It's normal if a teen has a messy bedroom?
How to get a friends with benefits?
Am I having a miscarriage ?
Why did she say she wanted to \rape\ her burrito?
If you took next choice one dose pill and i bleed 5days after. Does that mean it worked? Im not pregnant?
Opinions on the name Nova for a boy?
What is a better baby girl name?
What would you name 4 sets of quads with these initials?
Name suggestions for the main character of my book?
What are your favorite names?
At what age is childhood over?
Hi I had my ultrasound yesterday. My baby weighs 7 1/2 pounds and I was told I would probably go to 40 weeks?
Would I get in trouble for this?
How tall will I be when I'm older?
I may have threw up my birth control pill and didn't take another one?
I'm thinking about adoption before trying to find a wife. Is there anything wrong with this?
am I pregnant ? Im a bit bloated .?
What do you think of the name Adriana?
WDYT of my dream children's names?
Which is better: Nina or Mina?
What Would You Picture Hearing My Name?
What names do you think we'll be seeing more//less of in 2014?
Am i pregnant? Best answer chosen !!?
Do most women produce enough breast milk after giving birth?
Does scabies affect an unborn baby.?
Names to fit these characters for a story?
would an 8 month old baby be able to say things like bubby, daddy or mama?
Am I pregnant? please help?
where can i find a replacement stroller tray?
How often do you have scares with pregnancy???
Help with 4 year old tantrums!!!?
I don't know what to do?
I want my own room !!!?
Which name do you like best?
Can cramping feel like period cramps?
Middle name for Juliet? & BQ?
When can I take the test ?
Do you think I'm pregnant?
Do you really have a favorite child?
Can someone adopt me at 14?
Which would you rather be named Averie OR Jacey?
Any other parents follow a moderate or low carb lifestyle for themselves and their children?
Hi I had my ultrasound yesterday. My baby weighs 7 pounds and I was told I would probably go to 40 weeks?
Could I possibly be pregnant?
Adoption Jobs? Child care?
I need some help or advice please?
What do you think of these names for girls?
Trying to conceive for the 100th million time!!?
Middle name for baby boy?
Anyone has a child with Spd (sensory processing disorder)?
Teens, want to do a survey? :)?
WDYT of these boy's names?
First response early result pregnancy test question?
Can your parents legally stop you from seeing your baby daddy when your 16?
is this wrong my father thinks it is?
Why is it no one seems to like the name Winifred?
Do twin toddlers speak differently than non-twins?
Who are the best children in town?
will i be pregnant? please help?
I messed up really bad with my mom, what should I do?
Surname to go with first name Tora?
Virginity Question ...has anyone had this problem?
Why do I want a baby so bad?
Wdyt of my dream children's names?
Is is weird that my dad slaps my butt?
do you prefer katerina or rebecca?!?
What's wrong with more ethnic names?
How old do I act like?
Help please ! Very worried?
What do you think of the name Sybil?
what is pcos? any informantion would b great?
Babysitting a 4 year old?
I NEED A PREGNANT SPELL FOR TWINS?
Do all these have the same pronunciation? How to pronounce?
Is it possible to get someone pregnant after you cum on her and waited couple minutes to have sex again?
Help with middle names?
Opinions on the name Jack Maxwell?
Rowan or Owen for a boy?
Am I pregnant or starting? (Sorry for tmi)?
This is continued from the last question?
What do you think of the name Dominic Brendan (for a boy)?
Should I be concerned?
MOMS: is this normal?
:) Help with sibling names?
the condom came off when he pulled out?
Unusual tissue during miscarriage?
Does this name flow very well?
I NEED YOU HELP, DUE MONDAY!?
Do you think I'm pretty?
Strong unique names for girls?
Can my doctor prescibe something to terminate a pregnancy?
Hi I'm 18 years old and I took a pregnancy test two days ago and a faint line appeared ! Help!?
Is this a sign of pregnancy?
What do you consider to be \old lady\ names?
my aunt regularly \inspects\ her son's privates - is this normal?
Should i switch my babys formula to orangic earths best?
Which of these two girls names?
What are the chances that I am pregnant?
Should I want to have a baby with my boyfriend when health problems run in his family?
Help with these names?
Which name sounds best with last name Rimmer?
What name is cuter for a boyy ??????
Wife yelled at my son?
wife yelled at my son?
Any truth in very different pregnancies being 2 different sexes?
I'm going to be 17 next month so how do I get my navel picered without parental consent..?
How to tell your parents you had sex?
Could i be pregnant???? need ur advise asap!!!!!!!?
Im pregnant. if im having belly pain does that mean my belly is growing for my baby?
Are my parents too overprotective?
could I be possibly pregnant?
What are your opinions on these names?
Is it normal to feel sad about a miscarriage if?
Diarrhea, cramping, and late period. Am I pregnant?
Thought on these names?
How does Implanon birth control affect your baby after getting pregnant right after it's removed?
How to get daughter to leave college and start cooking and parental classes?
can my mom get custody of me?
Help me name 12 sisters?
Your opinions on my children's names?
do you HAVE to have health insurance?
I hav a baby of 5.5 months i hav taken ipill in october n hav periods for 2 days untill now i dont hav my?
What baby boy name would you choose?
Which name: Alisa or Aliza?
How do I ask my mom to wear a thong?
i'm an only adult child of 2 diffcult parents, am i doing enough. Very stressed.?
Gingiva coming off of 1 year old?!!!?
What do you think of these names for twin girls?
This or that girls names?
Im 17 and pregnant, ive been kicked out what do i do?
Opinions on these girl names?
Which name: Alisa or Elisabeth?
What do you think of the name Mignonette?
what are the chances of getting pregnant? has it ever happened?
Which 4 names would you call your children (2 boys 2 girls)???
If you have identical triplet girls how do you name them ?
? Suggest Boy Names For Me?
What is the chance of having triplets or twins?
How many times a day should I offer my one year old solids/ food?
MY girl cheated on me and shes pregnant and I don't know if its my child, help !!!!?
Baby name choices (game)?
Help/Recommendations with Middle Names?
30weeks pregnant, not feeling great, advice pls?
? Thoughts On These Girl Names?
Is it possible for me to be pregnant?
? What would you name four girls?
Who's allowed to give me consequences?
? Thoughts On These Boy Names?
Can one get pregnant from anal sex?
at 10 dpo is a qualitative pregnancy test accurate?
Hello, I'm 20 years old and I can't get pregnant, please help ?
What is your favorite name out of these?
my daughter passes gas and wiggles alot...advice?
Full-name-wise, if an Andrew Austen got into a fist fight with a Joshua James, who would win?
I hav a baby of 5.5 months i hav taken ipill in october n hav periods for 2 days untill now i dont hav my?
Grandma gave 2 month old 3oz of water ?!?!PLEASE HELP?
What do you think of the name Alice for a girl?
What girl names should I add to the sib set?
does your second baby come earlier than first baby?
? How do you feel about the name Emme Cecilia?
Horrible red stretch marks/veins during pregnancy?
if its extremely hot out and you see a baby in a car alone, what do you do?
cps is elling me onethig and my kids dad another thing who is getting the truth?
What are good middle names for scarlet?
Is there some kind of age when to stop overseeing kids in the tub?
How do you pronounce the name Vera?
Names for a hot badass in a story I'm writing?
Middle names for Georgie?
Boyfriend wants a baby.. I'm not ready.?
Adventurous, edgy names for boys?
I really want to have sex?
pregnan need help kind of freaking out here?
Are wmergwncy contraception pills the same thing as regular birth control pills?
which ones do you like better?
How many people like the name Seth Neymar?
Am I a tease? I feel so bad?
Period one week early, is it implantation bleeding?
Middle name to go with Brave?
On my period and pregnant?
Bullied by little kids?
What do you think of this combo?
I need some cute baby girl names to go with the last name turini. Can someone give me some ideas?
My mother is saying that I am not a good mother?
Urgent complicated pregnancy question!!!!?
Arielle or Naomi? Which and why?
What female name do you like best? Rate 1-10?
Are these names nice or too trendy???!!!!xxx?
Which girl name goes best?
I can't handle my contractions anymore!?
pregnancy? on birth control but I'm having back pain and pms?
Am I too tall for my age?
Where can I buy a legit RU 486 pill online. aka abortion pill? I need help!!?
8 weeks pregnant with a head cold?
convert these names in to different names?
Break up before or after homecoming?
List some beautiful girl names?
When is earliest midwife will give a sweep?
How would you pronounce this name?
Am I going to have a down syndrome baby!?
wdyt of the name Isabel?
My son is 16 months and throws the WORST tantrums, what to do?
What are some girl names that sound good with the name Spencer?
What are some of your favourite old fashioned girl names?
Why does my niece scream when her mums boyfriend puts her down?
Baby has an ear infection any suggestions?
I'm 14 and really want a baby! Help!?
What do you think of these girls names?
Do you think 14 year olds should be aloud to dye their hair?
Help! We are wanting to name our son Gunner, but are having trouble coming up with a middle name?
Do you like the name Lowri?
My mom takes my money and im so sick of it?
I need name suggestions for a character?
my son wont sit at circle time in nursery?
Am I pregnant? Please read!!?
Am I pregnant or no?? Two different types of test different answers. Help?
Do you think it is true that Laura Bush's twin daughters have different biological fathers?
Which baby names are your favorite?
What do you think of these names? Boys Benjamin Cody Lucas Alden Scott Alden Scott Owen Truett Cody?
Would this name work for an English girl?
Do you prefer the spelling Braden, Brayden, or Braiden for a boy?
i'm 14 and i might be pregnant?
Why do I feel so rebellious lately? Is it normal?
I took a pregnancy test Wednesday, but still no period?
Parents who cloth diaper: What is your favorite brand of cloth diapers for your baby?
Teens: How to overcome being shy?
Do you prefer Mikayla or just Kayla for a girl?
What were some of your early signs of pregnancy?
Could i possibly be pregnant?!?
The easiest way to \legally\ to have a child stay with you?
should i be concerned about being pregnant?
Merryn or Merryl for a girl?
? What Would You Rename The Mathias Quadruplets?
Best boy names out of these?
should I be allowed to keep one item of entertainment while in lockdown ?
37 weeks. Dr checked for dialation at 36 wks. Will he check for dialation from now on at appointments?
Should i go ahead & get a pregnancy test, or it would be a waste?
13 male and get an erection when sitting rather close to my male friend why?
padded bras feel better how do i tell my mum?
Is this normal for morning sickness?
Has anyone tried the wondfo pregnancy strips? How well did they work for you?
My 32 month old wont stop crying?
Fav. girl name (only one) starting with R or B?
why didnt i get pregnant?
Is there a possibility I could be pregnant?
My girl friend had periods on 1st of last month... We had sex around 14th of decmber....?
Which teen mom will make her sex tape next?
How old is too old to snuggle with my mom?
Does this mean I'm pregnant?
I suspects a child I know is being abused?
what are your five favorite baby boys and girls names?
Why do my parents treat me like a little kid? Im a 13 year old!?
How much should I charge for babysitting?
What is the longest name you can think of that actually flows?
Do you regret having children?
What are cute winter names? Like Snow bears?
How many middle names are you allowed, legally?
Thought's on these names?
How do I tell the difference between pregnancy or just in my head?
Help could I be pregnant?
Is it legal to move out of your parents house when I'm underaged & pregnant?
Which name would go well with these 2 (sibling names)?
Could I be pregnant!?
Favorite names out of this list?
using castor oil to induce labor?
What middle names go good with these baby names?
Which baby name is your favorite?
Do u like my kids names?
Which name: Clara or Vera?
has anyone taken the morning after pill?
Do you think my crush likes me?
cracked nipples & breastfeeding?
Which 'Rose' combination is best?
Girl name help please?
Endangering the welfare of a child charge?
How can I get my foster parents to like me? I feel like they hate me :(?
Should I get snakebites without my parents' permission?
When a name becomes unisex, how come it's almost \forbidden\ for a boy to use it?
What do you think of this name?
Buying a car for your kid?
possibly pregnancy or something else?
What would you name 7 kids using names from a heritage apart from your own?
Pregnancy tests are negative now? Im scared, ladies help?
legal limit to be able to babysit?
please rate in order of these names?
Will my baby's mother get benefits if I'm joining the Marine Corps?
Baby Name Game!!!!!!!!?
? What Would You Rename The Dionne Quintuplets?
This or that, boy and girl names?
Favourite Girls Names out of these?
Abdominal migraines or pregnancy?
middle names for molly?
My boyfriend is crazy about sex?
Accidentally wore ortho evra birth control patch for two weeks, could I be pregnant?Ten Points for Best Answer?
i have a question on if I'm pregnant or not?
Who's been like 17-18 and had baby?
In need of baby girl items PLEASE?
How to convince my mom to let me sleepover?
Has anyone had 'pregnancy competition' with a friend?
am I pregnant?? please answer!?
What are some female names ending in 'on'?
Got my wisdom teeth out plus four more teeth taken out for braces because I have extremely bad crowding well?
My period still hasn't came and my test is negative, what do I do?
Question about waters breaking?
Rate these names out if 10?
Would you prefer if your daughter lose her virginity at 14 or if she never kissed anyone at age 26?
DNA question and pregnant plz answer its very important?
Thoughts on my current top 3 names for each gender?
Thoughts on my daughters name?
Has anyone had a vasectomy reversal that only has one testicle? What were your results?
Create baby names out of these options?
my child has swallowed tiny bits of rubber?
Could i have had a miscarriage? Or be pregnant? [in detail sorry]?
Which pronunciation is correct?
Are these pregnancy \tips\ true!?
5 days late then a 2 day light period?
Where can I get diapers???? I'm 14?
Will my 5 month old get sick by not wearing socks in an air conditioned home?
My dad won't give me an allowance?
9 months pregnant, not with the baby's father, what should I do about baby's last name?
20 year old pregnant by 17 year old in Kentucky??
36 weeks signs of early labour?
For how many months do you feel the heart beat for tha baby?
Im 23 and I'm 8 weeks pregnant this my first child but my boyfriends sixth& he wants me to kill it .?
Are you pro life, choice or abortion?
I'm a single mom with an only child who is demanding too much attention?
am I safe from pregnacy ?
whats a good middle name for Braxton, Bentley, or Preston?!?
Which name for a boy?
Thoughts on the girls name Asuna?
what do you think of this name?
looking for creative baby names?
i dont think so but could i be pregnant?
How should I discipline my daughter?
What would you name 10 kids from these names?
Which girl name sounds prettiest ?
How is the Shivaan name & its meaning?
if i got my children tookin from my home and they were placed in foster care. after being in foster care for a?
Do i have an abortion or keep him/her?
is Boston Nichole a great name for a little girl, and for a little boy Greyson Ray?
Is it safe to drink decaf 5 hour energy while breastfeeding?
im 13 and having sex?
Why is the process of adopting an emotional one? I know it can take two years but why is it emotional?
Could my girlfriend be/get pregnant?
How long until castor oil effected you?
Came off my depo, could I be pregnant?
What do you think of these names?
Did i have a miscarriage?
What are the chances I could be pregnant I'm 16 helppp?
What are my chances of pregnancy?
How to tell your parents your a psychopath ?
Please Help Me I Think My Mum Is Pregnant.?
Am I pregnant? Please help me.?
Protected sex two days after period, chances of pregnancy?!?
PROTECTED sex, two days after period?
Are overly religious parents bad for you?
Does a Father legally have to see his child?
Am I pregnant?? Please help?
I Don't know how to masturbate?
Opinions on these names?
Condom broke, didn't ejaculate but worried about precum?
13 weeks and having cramps and spotting...???? ER?
Do you like the name \Yadya\?
Choose your two favourites?
18 weeks pregnant with occasional fast heart rate?
Names for my characters?
Fancy and rich surnames!?
If I coceived October 24th 2012 and then found out I was pregnant nov 2 then on nov 14th dr said I was 8 weeks?
21 weeks pregnant and kicks feeling low?
what ethnicity will my baby be?
What do you think of the name Lorran?
Infertility Question. Help!?
What are your views on rear.vs.forward facing carseats? Please answer!?
Can a woman with hepatities B positive breast feed her baby?
If a woman has a miscarriage with twins, what are her chances of delivering successfully?
possibly pregnant? or something else?
Pretty names for my book?
Is it normal for early babies to weigh 2 pounds?
Late on birth control pills. Can anyone help me please???//?
What do you think of the name Jenna?
my 8 month old wont sleep in her cot?
If you had to choose from these names, which would you choose for a little boy?
If you had to choose from these names, which would you choose for a little girl?
What are your views on rear.vs.forward facing carseats? Please answer!?
What do you think of these two boy names? :-)?
THIS IS A VERY COMMON PARANOID MUMMY ASKING ABOUT HONEY AND WARM WATER..?
Why can't I conceive?
How long are you more fertile for?
Help with twin names please?
I've been so confused lately...?
Ways to make my period late?
Worried about taking care of my child ?
In American can teenagers go and have an abortion without there parents consent?
Will a library card saying your age get you into a concert?
Kids club activity ideas?
Can pre-cum make my GF pregnant?
Could I be pregnant ?
My boobs are sore and my nipples are getting darker could I be pregnant? ?
Can I take these tablets if I'm pregnant?
Pregnancy Question For A Friend?
Is this a good sibling set? What do you think?
37 weeks, boobs starting to leak quite heavy and baby has also dropped... could this mean labour is near?
Mia or Penelope for a girl?
Is there any chance I'm pregnant?
What are the chances I'm pregnant?
Is my gf pregnant or not confused please help!!!!?
Could she be pregnant?
What do you think are some overrated names and some underrated names?
can my sons father get full custody of my newborn?
15..... am i pregnant?
Should parents be prosecuted if there child dies?
Boys name LUCA: do you think it will be shortened?
Opinions on these two boys names? 10 points BA?
How do you pronounce this name?
Am I pregnant at 13??? (not sexually active)?
what is normal quantity of drinking milk for baby?
what is normal quantity of drinking milk for baby?
Why am I not getting Pregnant?
Naomi or Matilda: which name suits this character better?
Baby names? (Twins. boy&girl)?
What are the early signs of pregnancy?
What should be in my wife's hospital bag?
Positive test and spotting?
List baby boy names for letter T...?
i really need some advice???
Is it normal for girls to have skipped period?
What do you think of these baby names?
suggest indian baby boy names for letters starting with either T,M,D..?
On birth control, boyfriend came inside once, some breast tenderness & cramping.. help?
Can you please help me.pregnant!??
I'm 16 and pregnant can i move out?
Saffron and Violet for twin girl names?
Should I have partial birth abortion?
Should I have partial birth abortion?
How can I get my foster parents to like me? I feel like they hate me :(?
Am I pregnant?!?! Please someone!!!!?
Does one time constipation affect my child long term?
I look deformed!!'?
does Chinese calendar for baby gender prediction is true???
please suggest good modern hindu baby boy names starting with T,M,D..?
What would you name 5 girls using these names?
best baby facial cream?
can you adopt a child in Canada when Youre 18?
How to request a different social worker?
Is Anya a unique name?
Nickname for Katherine?
Can you get a false positive pregnancy test?
sounds weird but my left breast feels somewhat strained 37 weeks pregnant?
How would you take it if?
plz give your opinions =)?
Gestational Diabetes?
What would you name 5 boys using these names?
feeling helpless about hip pain/hip giving out during pregnancy.?
How to keep kids occupied?
Is Alex a good name ?
legally marriegnant with boyfriends child, please help.?
do men think pregnant women are gross?
Im 13 and i may be pregnant?
is it ok if i let my 17 year old son wear diapers?
EQUALINE PREGNANCY TEST ACCURACY?
Am I fat even though I'm pregnant?
need names for a girl?
18 month old with bad cough?
What do you see happening here with me and this guy?
Adoption question. DO I NEED TO MOVE?!? PLEASE HELP!!?
Facts most of you need to know!!?
3 year old saying heel hurts?
3-year-old diaper change?
15 and not gone through puberty?
My 4 year has \hidden\ his Nintendo DS and refuses to tell us where it is?
Insurance and Pregnancy?
I am 21 years old and I'm 24 wks along with Quads I also have 2 other children?
Doctor who/torchwood related girl kitten names?
Is this fair/I need advice?
Your thoughs on the name Rylan for a boy?
which full name do you prefer?: Etta or Etheline?
Girls, do you like it when guys look into your eyes while talking to you?
Lovebird Names please!!!?
Am I pregnant? Someone please answer?
Do you like the name Midna?
what do you think of the name Etta Sage?
Would you fire a babysitter for letting the kids stay up until an unreasonable hour?
What are some good boy names?
Do you think it's kind of corny for daughters' names to end with \-ia\ or \a\?
So I'm currently 5 days late on my period, breaking out like crazy, and definitely not pregnant. Help!?
I threatened my neice with a spanking, but to follow through?
TTC with Irregular Periods?
positive test but got my period?
Please help. Lost my virginity.?
bad cough/cold at seven months pregnant help?
Could I be pregnant?! Help!?
preggo question. dried up cm?
pregnancy help! !!!?!?!!?!!?!!?!!!!?
Is Cheyenne Marie a good name?
preggo question. dried up cm?
Discharge whilst pregnant?
possible to get pregnant the first month of trying?
Is Scarlett Marie a good name for a girl?
Bleeding while pregnant!?
Which spelling of \Hailey\ do you prefer?
How does my 13 year old friend tell her parents she is pregnant and her boyfriend is 16?
Does this mean I ovulate late?
is she pregnant? really paranoid need good answer?
Which spelling of \Katelyn\ do you prefer?
baby development & birth defects?
Fun things to do with a 7 year old girl ?
have i known him long enough to date him?
Really need advice, no one to talk to?
Teens: Who attend/do online high school?
Abortion, yes or no? Im so confuesd /.\\,?
What name goes good with Rory?
HELP ! I am really worried about being pregnant but on BC!!!?
Is it weird for me to be sleeping with a stuffed animsl at 23 years old?
Is it possible to be 13 pregnant and a virgin?
what do you think of these names?
Thoughts on the baby name Seraiah?
What can I do to help my 15 year old daughter?
Teens: How was your day today?
Which name suits this girl?
Do you like these classic names?
could i be pregnant? help!?
Which name sounds better with this name?
should I get pregnant (with sperm donation) if im a virgin?
plz help me. am i pregnant or not?
What about these Baby girl names!?
Did I do anything wrong? Do I deserve to not get this babysitting job?
is it possible to adopt this child?
had sex with girlfriend and condom ripped should i be worried?
Pregnancy Symptoms????
trouble picking best baby bottle?
Am I going to get in trouble from the police?
preschooler talking violently?
Pregnant and told to loose weight along with diabetes problems!?
How old do I sound? 15 points to who ever answers this question.?
What do you think of the name Celeste for a girl?
What are good names for books?
How do I take a pregnancy test?
HELP! 20 weeks pregnant & thinking about moving away from my baby's father. Should I?
Do you like the name Abigail Marie?
Middle name suggestions for the first name Matilda?
On birth control and had unprotected sex, can I be Pregnant?
Birth Control Concerns?
Picture a \bad girl.\ What do you see?
What will our children look like ?
How can I be less \little girl\ cute?
I am writing a book so which names are the best?
What is a heart disease that?
Any suggestions for a good boys name that goes well with last name Jackson?
hello so my name is maria n i need help on my quince help? anyone?!?
pregnancy symptoms??
What brand of condoms should I buy ?
My parents treat me like I'm 5. I'm 14! How do I get them to stop?
could I be pregnant??
what do you think of the names sophia and elena for twin girls?
What are some variations of the name Roxanna?
Which name do you like best?
Was this a bad idea? Question about a kid?
everyones talking about my dad at school, what do i do?
Baby girl names similar to Aurora, August, Everly or Averie?
my 1 year old is too clingy!?
Alcohol and the pull out method?
what do you think of George and Etta for siblings?
Is it ok to have sex earlier after a c section?
Which name do you like the best?
ultrasound Boy or girl? What do you think?
was her reply kind of strange and self centered?
do you like the name jackson?
Wife pregnant she wants to name my kid jasper. I want Jake how do I cope?
Negative test but still having pregnancy signs?
Do you like the name Clint?
Complete this sibset?
HELP WITH MIDDLE NAME FOR GIRL!?
Which name is your favorite?
does ovulation happen when on the placebo pills for birth control?
Ultrasound picture. Boy or girl?
Teens: Something that made you happy today?
TEENS: Do you believe that the traditional family is in decline?
Which of these names sounds most likely to be a real name?
Does this mean I will still get pregnant?
I had my period the 9th of december n had sex on the 24,could i possibly be pregnant?
Would you rather have 5 boys or 5 girls?
I think I'm pregnant, but...?
Which Middle name sounds better?
can you be pregnant without having sex?
Do you think the stipend for foster kids should be extended to 21 years old?
Am I pregnant.....? On Fertilaid for 2 months...?
what kinds of food lets me produce healthy sperm?
Would you provide condoms and birth control for your teenagers?
What is the knowledge of an average canadian 3 year old?
severe pelvic bone pain at 38 weeks could this be early labor?
What did you eat for snacks when pregnant?
What could be some of the possible causes that a young mother (15) almost dies during child birth?
Fortunebaby gender prediction test?
5-question survey + promise of BQ's?
If you had foster children and stopped receiving money for their care at 18 would you expect them to leave?
Parents, if your child ran away to a youth shelter would you try to make them come home that night or wait?
What would a baby eat in the 1400's if the mother died?
What do you think of the name Adeline for a girl?
Should I named my baby boy after my stepdad name?
Which name: Leo or Leon?
Does this name sound good with Ariel , Larissa, & klara?
Why does snapchat say I have no bestfriends?
Name as many kids as you want by mixing these names?
Do i sound skanky to you? (Read all(?
Why are so many girls getting pregnant or engaged or both?
4 days late for period, but pinkish red spotting only when I wipe..what is it?
Who's my child father?
18 weeks pregnant and just fell down hard?
Which boy name do you prefer- Brody or Brady?
Urgent! Help me choose a name please?
am I too young to babysit?
Names like Jasmine and Roxanne?? (:?
Opinions on which name to pick?
My girlfriend is 2 months pregnant and she recently applied for Medical, Is that bad for me?
How to get custody of a child that's not yours?
What are some middle names that go with Francisco?
What are your top 5-10 baby names?
How to ask a person to be a God parent?
Why do parents lie to their kids about Santa Claus?
Any funny stories from school you can share?
Im only 14 and probably pregnant? help..?
Full-name-wise, if a Justin James got into a fist fight with a Thomas Daniel, who would win?
Make a list of girl names?
what are cute baby names boy or girl?
do you think my crush likes me?
I'm 16 and I'm pregnant and my boyfriend is 19 can he get in trouble?
pregnant or nuvaring symptoms?
What is WRONG with kids these days?
What are some funny nicknames for Tam?
What are your viws on abortion?
Do you consider your baby your best friend?
What are some girls names that sound like Daryl?
What are the benefits and drawbacks of being a stay at home mom?
Why does my friend's husband never let her take their 8-month old baby daughter with her, going places?
Is 7 1/2 months old too early for a baby to walk?
How would you spell this name?
What is your opinions on drugs?
Rate this name out of 10?
Would you rather get a spanking or get grounded?
do you have to have a degree or any type of training to start up your own daycare in your own house?
This or That: ABC Girls? +BQ?
Isn't a 23 year old male virgin pathetic?
Full-name-wise, if a Michael Anthony got into a fist fight with a Robert Lee, who would win?
Which do you like better Dustin,Austin or Justin?
Can i \punish\ someone elses kid in my house?
Which do you like best Edward or Ezra?
What are some girl names that start with P?
Why are some girls so hostile at each other sometimes?
Has this happened to anyone else?
Baby girl names? Possible French?
9 weeks 1 day pregnant and I feel starving!?
What do you think of the name Leon for a boy?
I think im pregnant but my boobs arent sore?
Has your name ever been teased or bullied?
Where can you find a website to talk to other teens?
Aliyah Hailey or Aliyah Paityn?
how to punish your children?
is 37-27-37 big for a 15 year old?
Any ideas for baby girls 1st birthday? <3?
mom lost custody but dad can't take child full time due to work?
my daughter is telling me that she was molested?
what do you think of this name?
How old do you have to be to do a boudoir?
what are normal hcg levels?
I have been feeling extremely nauseous for the past 5days?
What's a good way to reward a child for hard work without giving them cash?
I'm on cerazette and 5 days late?
Please help me. asap please?
Personal women's issues. (picture attached)?
Parents...what has been your favorite art piece that your child/children have created?
What's your faveroute baby girl/boy names?
Condom broke, am I pregnant?
Male names like this one?
for pregnant mothers or mothers that was already pregnant?
TEENS: Are you Christian?
Is it considered slutty to have 4 children at the age of 23?
MY HCG levels was 2119 how many weeks that make me?
What was something mean that you did as a child?
Is My Sister Pregnant because of me? Help!?
Does this name sound good with Ariel , Larissa, & klara?
how early can you get a positive pregnancy test?
28 weeks pregnant and i belive my job has become dangerous, help?
What do you think of this girl name?
help im freaking out!!?
Girl names that work with this surname?
Am i pregnant? Or too heavy to get pregnant?
In Need Of Help My Boyfriend And I Are Anxious!?
how would someone with a nickname Tara be named?
What do you think of the name Brian Andrew?
What do you think of this name?
Matilda or Naomi, which suits this character profile better?
IUD HORROR! help it's only day two, does this feeling go away?
What discipline methods do you use? Firmly telling off my child sends them hysterical?
Do you like these names?
Opinions on the name Gabriella Brooke?
What are my chances of being pregnant?
intense nipple pain on nuvaring?
HOW DO I PREVENT STRETCH MARKS?
Condom Broke, No Ejaculation, Got period next day for only 2 days?
How would you spell this name?
Where to have baby an how?
Is it weird to keep rubbing your tummy while being pregnant?
Do you like the name Swami?
I need help deciding on a baby girl name...?
how do i tell my parents im pregnant at 17?
Does pregnancy scare you too?
How soon can a pregnancy be determined?
Pregnancy ? Or paranoid ?
What is your favourite name beginning with E?
What is with my friend and her child?
What are the chances of me getting pregnant I'm 16:/?
i'm an italian boy, i've an ask for american teenagers?
Does you reckon birthmarks can be passed on?
Do you tell your mom all your personal issues?
Which Japanese girl name sounds prettiest ?
helping my sister name her daughter help!!?
Beautiful and unique middle name for Naomi and Matilda?
Which of these girl names do you like more?
Which Japanese girl name sounds prettier ?
Do summer holidays count as my 26 weeks maternity leave?
Can someone please answer this? *repost*?
What comes to mind when you hear my name?
Am I a bad friend because I didn't go?
What is the capability of a toddler who can solve 1000 puzzles do when he is in his 30s?
Opinion on unique baby names?
So, if your brand new 2 year old kicks off his pants?
I hate my name!!!!!??
How do I tell to my parents that i'm pregnant of 4 weeks?
My 4 year old hates having small changes or not getting his way!?
Cramping and extremely lite spotting.?
Do summer holidays count as my 26 weeks maternity leave?
Any names like these that you can suggest?
How would you name your self or your baby?
Ladys what to you think? Can this be signs?
VOTE & RATE: which girl name: Naomi VS Matilda?
Which girls name do you prefer? Any other suggestions?
help worried. need help?
Breastfeeding and the unfortunate \saggy breast\?
pregnancy and hot/spicy food?
Top 3 names from this list?
I found a hickey on my daughter last night?
my mom gave away my room. Are my feelings reasonable?
Can color names be used with this last name?
Siblings showering together?
Would you let your daughter ride a motorbike at 16?
unusual names for girls?
Took hot today and big fat negative.?
I have really low self confidence!?
How do I deal with the fact the my baby is so much cuter than others?
Suggestions for creative punishments and rewards?
Where can I find babies r us promotional codes?
Top 3 girl and boy names?
Creative Punishment & Reward Ideas?
Can I get pregnant if I have sex the day before my period is due??
Does anyone hate babysitting as much as I do?
Are stomach cramps an early sign of pregnancy?
Which name would go with this sibset?
Which name do you like the best?
Advice on telling a one night stand you're pregnant, please help!?
? What do you think of this girl name?
How can take my stepdads last name?
Ladys who been pregnant what do u think??
How to throw up quietly?
How to get my 16 month old into a toddler bed?
Is a girl considered a young lady, a woman, or a kid at 16?
am I pregnant?? please answer! I have alot of anxiety cuz of this?
Is my girlfriend pregnant? Is this morning sickness, or a stomach virus? Please give an answer!?! :) :/ :(?
What do you think of the name Pier-angeli? or Angeli?
Why do some Father's want to have a loaded gun in the house around children?
This or That Girl Names?
depo-provera shot ? help?
What would you name quintuplets using these rules?
should i be worried about my girlfriend being pregnant? we are both very stressed about this situation.?
could this be a pregnancy sympton?
Please help! Pregnant or bloated?!?
healing process after having a baby?
middle name for Dominic?
Trying to find my adoptive mother?
giving birth second time pain free?
healing process after having a baby?
had sex 3 days before ouvlation?
What to think of the name Addison Leann?
Period.......then positive result?
Am I Pregnant or What?
My car needs a name!!?
Room arrangements for children?
Back cramps about 2-3 days after ovulation, a sign of pregnancy?
Baby throws head back when tired?
What are typical \ teen mummy names \?
Which boy name do you like better?
Wht do you think of the name Alberta?
40+1 pregnant 3cm dilated had sweep &a bloody show today could feel babies head but labours not started?
Do you think Im pregnant?
was it negetive or positive?? help please?
Need disciplinary for 10yr girl who diverts problems to 3yr old lil sis...?
i nanny 3 kids...how much should I be getting paid?
incompetant mid-wifes?
Chances of convincing doctor to move induction date up a few days?
Why are all of my ex girlfriens teen moms now?
Boys name feedback please?
what do you think of this name for a boy?
what do you think of this name for a boy?
Do I tell him that we maybe having an ectopic pregnancy?
Names to go with these?
Plz answer. 38 weeks?
Please pick your favorite twin set.?
she missed 2 birth control pills (not in a row) could she still be protected?
Teens: Military School or Juvenile Detention?
Boy is pee potty trained, and has pooped a few times in the potty but not constantly?
If you take plan b a day before you ovualte.. Will u just ovulate a few days later?
middle name ideas for twin girls?
My baby is only 5 months and she has a tendency to wanting to jump a lot is this normal and if so what is next?
My Girlfriends mom doesn't know how to take care of her kids. HELP!!!?
What do you think of this girls name?
How do you talk to 3 years old?
What do these names make you think of?
pregnant why can you not have a lot of tuna?
Why does my 6yr old still wet his pants?
Please answer this birth control/pregnancy question...?
do you think my baby father and i will get back together after i have the baby?
If you had a son right now, what would you name him?
Why is a close family member not allowed to throw you a baby shower, traditionally?
Am I pregnant !? Helpppppppp?
Please help me. I really want to be pregnant?
I have to fake being Impressed by My Neice. Help?
Weight for a ten year old girl?
a good middle name for \ Madelyn \ any suggestions?
Do you know of an underage clinic for pregnant teens?
Dying your hair with a box colour, can make you miscarriage in early pregnancy?
Opinions on these boys names?
Whats the correct weight for a ten year old girl?
How much does it hurt when you give birth?
Is it possible to be pregnant but still get negative hpts?
fighting a parental rights termination?
How likely is it to get pregnant at 48?
What if you met and dirty danced with a hot and sexy girl in the club?
help? morning sickness when in early pregnancy?
What do you think of the name Alexandra for a girl?
At what age are people not kids?
Is this really true????
Is it important to treat PCOS if you don't want to get pregnant?
Pregnancy soreness before... or after expected period?
WDYT of these names?
Should I have a baby?
Cute baby names for boy or girl?
I turned 18 today and feeling weird?
Why is college so hard?
Are these tablets ok to take if could be pregnant?
had a dream about being in labor but iim not pregnant?
Could I be pregnant? Please help!!?
Our daughters name is Ellie Jo and we are having another girl,! Need baby names that go well with hers!?
please answer i'm scared,my period is late,am i pregnant?
What are some possible full names for Etta?
Moving house and pregnancy?
Help with middle names plz?
I don't have kids, but am still irritated by other people's kid's behavior?
How can I stop being lazy?
Sister for Stormy & Nala?
PLEASE HELP ME,i'm soooo scared,late period,could i be pregnant?
breastfeeding and marijuana?
breastfeeding and marijuana?
Im 21 weeks pregnant and sometimes my stomach gets hard?
Need an answer!!! worried/nervous!!!?
had unprotected sex 15 days before my period. could i be ovulating?
would this be child negelct?
Am I pregnant? Please help?
Would a drum set be a helpful gift for a child with OCD?
I'm handling everything badly?
How do I convince my mother that I'm 18, and should be aloud to choose how I decide to wear my hair?
Unprotected sex situation?
Teens-you a fan of one direction?
What is spotting.......?
Positive test now spotting?
Thoughts on the name Gretchen?
which name better for little boy from these?
I need help please!!!?
Could I end up prego?
Is she pregnant ? What is ovulation ? And was she ovulating ?
Should I name my daughter Natasha?
ill be 38 weeks pregnant tomorrow and had an extreme amount of bloody show around 3am this morn...?
Can I still get pregnant ??
can you get pregnant without sex?
Middle names for these names?
flu shot? opinions???
any other names like these?
can a women at age 42 get pregent naturally if she never tried before ?
teens, do you ever feel scared on the motorway or freeway?
confused and lost :(?
im a man and my nipples are lactating?
married parents: how long after the birth of your first child did it take you to?
am i pregnant - what are the chances ???
My period is five days late?
Any tips on how to make a 20 hour car ride less horrible?
?? What would you rename these people?
French Name Nicknames?
I cant be pregnant right?
Do you prefer Julius or Marcus?
Is having a baby an explanation for a gap in work?
CRL 76mm, is that okay?
why does my tommy not come out when am in my 16th week and the doctor said he can not see it in ultra sound?
What middle name goes best with the girl name Bethany?
Does anyone know anything about the name Glade?
Does anyone know anything about the name Averith?
My wife is 29 of pregnancy,she has always BP low but now she has high Bp ,now what will we should do now?
what is the full form of NICU & HDU?
How do I know when I'm ovulating?
I'm so unhappy at the moment?
What do you think of the name Victoire for a girl?
Any experience could i be Pregnant?
some names for the nickname Tara?
could i be pregnant even im taking birth control pills? what are the possibilities?
Bad dying your hair in early pregnancy?
What are some good sibling names to go with our first daughter's name?
Could I be pregnant? With early pregnancy symptoms - sore breasts, a lot of white discharge, brown spotting?
Do you think I could be pregnant?
8 week old son won't take his bottle?
unique baby girl middle names with meanings?
I have a 13 wk old mini dashound. I got him at 9wks and he is hyperglycemic and finicky eater help!?
hi in the starting of 7 th week of pregnancy i started bleeding little heavy n had cramps n backache?
My 10 year old daughter is out of control.?
What do you think of the name Victor for a little boy?
MY 7 year old is watching PORN!! how can i explain to her what she saw! PLEASE HELP?
Why am I spotting at 13 weeks?
i did pregnency test today.one line is Marking C is pink and another line lighter T?
Would like people's help on these question? No nasty comments though please?
just had baby and pregnant with twins?
Two sets of triplets help naming first an middle i would like some names of your own also thank you?
When did you feel baby no.2 moving/kicking?
What do you think about this girl name?
Had sex 3 weeks postpartum unprotected used pull out method ? Anyone else had the same problem?
Pick one of thses boys names?
can I get pregnant on the depo injection?
Help please ladies, what's going on?
Could I be prego \AGAIN\?
I really need help. please somebody. HELP :(?
Names of twilight names l might name future kids wdy think any opions?
Pregnant or very very light period?
Why is my 18 month old crying all the time?
My son is 4 yrs old and when he is asleep he wants to eat and he chews and swallows food while asleep isnormal?
What to do in my situation? Pregnancy?
bad expectation of mom?
If parents name their kid \Beth\, does that mean they hate the kid?
Is my girlfriend pregnant?! Please please please help I'm so scared please give a read and an answer?
***Driving 12 hours alone three months pregnant ?***?
Is anyone in the U.S. or Canada or England willing to adopt...?
Opinion on this baby name?
Suggest the name of newborn baby girl. it should start with the letter 'CH or D'?
Something in our bedroom is making us really congested. What could it be?
Really light period ??? Or am I pregnant?
what is going on urgent please help?
Pregs signs early stages?
Help. Might be pregnant. Fairly young.?
Im Half black half Russian and i dont want to travel to Russia because im biracial. How do i tell my mom this?
How do I confront my mom about the boy I like if she doesn't believe I can love at 16?
Can I get pregnant if my boyfriend used a condom the right and safe way and he pulled out?
everything I look up suggest pregnancy but I know my body. help?
I honeslty freaking out.im pregnant??
Can you tell if im pregnant?
What would you name triplets out of these names?
When should I take my pregnancy test ?
Is diarrhea harmful for the baby?
Is it normal to feel dizzy while you're on your period?
hello, I'm 28weeks pregnet can someone please help me know we're i can get free babyboy stuff ?
Is it normal to have spotting while pregnant for 3 or more months?
I wake up at 5:20 and my bus comes at 6:49 what time would I wake up if I have a two hour delay?
Putting my twins on a lesh?
How soon is it possible to become pregnant again after having a child?
Hi i am 23 years old indian boy?
Early signs of pregnancy ?
When do I take a pregnancy test?
really want a baby but how do I convince my partner?
Unprotected sex, late period?
Parents & Grandparents: Is it normal for an 8-months old baby to pull others' hair with all his might...?
TTC but a little confused...?
what can the lumps in my boob be?
Why does my left lower stomache hurt?!?
I have a sex with my boyfriend last 10 days.Now, the white are discharge from my vagina and it turns yellow.?
What would you name your baby out of these names?
Hi i am 23 years old indian boy?
What do you think of amber teething necklaces?
How do you feel about the increasing number of names becoming gender neutral?
how do u know when pregnant?
What do you think of the name Astrid?
hi iam 23 years old boy?
Is it safe to conceive while using Wysolone 5mg daily?
help! is this implantation bleeding? or period? please dont be rude (i added a photo to describe my bleeding)?
When can I mix 2 foods for baby?
What do you think of these names?
Girl names associated with mysteries (see details)?
Is it normal for a 13 year old to sleep with her parents after waking up from a nightmare?
Escapelle and Vitamin C?
Can I get pregnant if my boyfriend ejaculates on my vagina but not in it?
Help me out please...?
Am i still pregnant ?? what kind of pain is it?
Have you ever had the thought to adopt your children?
I really hope I am pregnant this time ?
What are some of your favorites?
Am I preggy?dont be rude.?
How much i get for 1 umit o negetive blood?
could I still be pregnant even though?
Which name sounds better?
can i be pregnant on my first day of my period?
Whats a good name for a baby?
Parents with children that have disabilities.?
Which girls name do you like best?
Could I be pregnant??
Sore nips & areolas. Can I be pregnant?
Period? Or could I be pregnant?
had sex 6 days before period. can be get a pregnant?
Pregnant & parenting. Need advice.?
Night Terrors/ age 4. what could it be?
Help! Which name for my baby girl!?
WELL SEE HE TOLD HE DID IT A LIL BIT INSIDE OF ME BEFORE HE PULLED OUT..IS STILL ANY CHANCES FOR ME TO BE?
My 3 year old's temper tantrums are my fault! Is it too late for us?
is there a chance I'm pregnant.?
i & my partner had sex 4 times after my period ended what are the chances of being pregnant ?
i & my partner had sex 4 times after my period one week ago 4 times what are the chances of being pregnant ?
HELLO, ME AND MY HUSBAND WE HAD SEX 8DAYS AFTER MY PERIOD..AND NOW I MIGHT BE PREGNANT..IS THERE ANY?
Stressing!!! I think I'm pregnant?
Recognize these symptoms? Help?
WDYT of the name Kayleigh Skye?
Is rhysie a girl name too?
How long after your period do you ovulate?
can i be having symptoms 9 days after intercourse?
Do you prefer Joseana, Josephine or Amelie?
what do you think of these names for four indian sisters?
Not sure if I'm experiencing implantation bleeding.?
My greatest dream in life...?
is there a chance I could be?? what is going on?
HELP! TEN POINTS! Am I pregnant?
Had a heavy brown discharge after sex. 2 negative results on pt. do you think i'm pregnant?
Am I pregnant? Please help me.?
As mothers, how much do we realize?
Where does a baby lay during pregnancy. exam question?
Is my 3 year old the right Size and Height for her age?
i & my partner had sex 4 times after my period ended what are the chances of being pregnant ?
Why do I feel & want to be pregnant?
What do you think of the name Fleur Ivy?
is it possible that i can be pregnant?
Is it safer to use the car seat anchor strap?
Do you like the name Delaney for a girl?
If I'm 5ft at age 15 is it possible for me to grow 7 more inches?
What should the name of my child be?
can I get pregnant if I don't have my kidneys anymore?
Everyone thinks my family is rich but we aren't.. What to do..?
can I be pregnant or is it just my nerves?
Nickname for my Friend: Rumor, Charm, or Hero?
What would you name these four kids?
How long does it take to get pregnant after the depo shot?
Is it wrong to feel this way about my brother?
Symptoms, but too early to tell, what could it be?
I'm spotting, and my baby hasn't moved for three days.?
It looks faint... Can you help me?
What are your thoughts on the name Lowell?
Are Gabriella and Camilla too similar for sisters?
picking baby girl names early.?
What do you think of this sibling set?
Plz Answer. Which boy name ?
Am I just being paranoid ?
Plz Answer. Which boy name ?
I need some advice on this plz?
What happens when a woman wants to abort a baby but the father doesn't want to?
What does it mean when someone says these things?
Help please.. am I just being paranoid ?
help? is lightheaded and dizziness during early pregnancy normal?
Is there any way I'm pregnant?
Sore breasts AFTER or BEFORE expected period during pregnancy?
Should I name my son Luca or Lucas?
unprotected sex while on the pill?
why urine came in red colour during first stage of pregnancy?
Opinions on these names for future children?
why most of man & women not have children? What is a reasons?
Is it wrong for a 16 year old to do this?
is it possible to know the sex of the baby at 10 weeks?
Can't figure out if pregnant or not.?
Suggest a girl baby name starts with d or h?
Would this be ovulation or something else?
Is this what labor contractions feel like?
Are there any names (boy or girl) with double \i\?
Can you get your period while your pregnant?
How to have a natural miscarriage ASAP?
Can I be pregnant? Please help?
What do i need to do so my husband can adopt my three older children that i had before meeting my husband?
Pregnant and no where to go...?
Son wont be still for hair cut?
Is there a reason besides fashion and decoration moms tend to put bows on baby girls?
How high are the chances of me being pregnant?
15 month old bump head?
Is it okay to just hold your baby and let her cry?
Should I take a pregnancy test??
How can I get 50% custody of my daughter?
Do You Think I Can Be Pregnant?
How to find out if I'm Adopted?Please help me...?
Do You Think I Can Be Pregnant?
I am two months pregnant and I still feel choking and Heartburn, is this normal??
Anyone Else ? Advice Maybe ?
i started my period november 15in december i did not have a period. i took a pregnancy test it was negative.?
At what age did you first start liking names and name combos?
What do 13 year old girls like?
i started my period november 15in december i did not have a period. i took a pregnancy test it was negative.?
What do you think of the nickname Shy for Sasha?
How To Get My Six Month Old To Sleep At Night?
Just found out Im 6 weeks pregnant but had new Depo provera shot 3 weeks ago?
My 13 year old sister is turning into a cleptomaniac. How can I get her to stop?
Teens, what is your bucket list?
is it a possibly i could be pregnant???
Question dealing with parents, teenagers and police.?
Thoughts on these twin sets?
Why is my child getting in trouble, and what can I do about it?
If people are against circumcising their kids shouldn't they be against vaccinating their kids too?
Is there a high chance of pregnancy?
Im 23 years old and 25 days late NO period, 3 negative test?
am i pregnant?! please help!!!?
Any nice, unique names?
Should I let my 13 year old go to France without me?
How can I get 50% custody of my daughter?
Opinions on the name \Joseana\ for an Australian baby girl. Pronounced \Jo-see-ah-na\?
Boy K names? Heard anything lately?
Asian American baby name suggestions?
Okay so I think I'm pregnant and I want to know what kinds of things cause miscarrages?
Needing help please...Maybe you know...Cause I'm not sure...?
heres what i would like to ask?
Am I pregnant?! Missed period, all symptoms, dark bleeding negative test?!? I'm going crazy!!?
Girl names. Need some help.?
how do I find a free sperm donor ?
what is my real name?
The doctor recently said there's a possibility my child will have down syndrome. What to do?
its it possible to be 6 months pregnant with a period an no weight gain?
I'm am thirteen and my girlfriend wants to have sex, but I'm not sure about it.?
how to eventually tell my parents that i want to wear a bikini?
is this a cute nickname?
bloody show!! need solid answers!! :-) :-)?
can you get pregnant if you miss a second dose of depo?
Help me think of a Nickname for my Friend?
Any NEW and UNHEARD boy names?
Help with baby boy names?
Matilda or Lucy for a girl?
How likely am I to get pregnant?
How do I start really talking with this girl?
I found out I was pregnant in May?
Overly active twin toddlers?
Do you think Marie is ready to come back as a first name?
What do you think of my cousin's names?
Trying to conceive, your thoughts?
10 year old loosing their virginities?
Safer option than clomid that's cheap?
I don't want an abortion!!!?
What is the best partner for caleb(name) must start with letter A?
is having a baby shower for baby #2 wrong?
Life in a day?whats the name where a scientist watches a baby girl grow fast?
Traveling, no period?
Why isn't my alarm waking me up anymore?
how long can you conceive each month?
Opinions on these baby names?
Girl I had sex with claims to have miscarried?
Need a first name for our little boy?
trying to conceive, do you think it worked this time?
Twin pregnancy early ultrasound?
Will my acne start to go away with working out and drinking more water and eating right?
How do I tell my parents I'm 17 and pregnant?
Is my 3 year old the right Size and Height for her age?
Calling ALL FERTILAID USERS??!!?
What do you think of the name Ryan for a boy?
can you get pregnant by dry humping?
Hi, I am pregnant and the father of the child has left and says he will not help me in anyway. he is now sayin?
Is 5 an old age? When can you say a child isn't a baby anymore?
How many weeks/months pregnant do I look?
I want kids so badly im depressed?
Help with a girl's name?
I'm expecting a BOY! I like Ayden as the first name, but looking for a middle name PLEASE HELP!?
What punishment i should give for my daughter?
how do you know if you concieved?
please someone help me, am i pregnant?
i need advice on pregnancy..?
How will my 5 year old do at the dentist?
Suggest a name for this sib-set?
My 18 year old brother knocked up another chick?
I want to name my baby! Help?
Extremely painful bloating and cramps at 6 weeks pregnant! Help!?
Should I stop speaking to my parents?
Should I let my 11 year old son play Senran Kagura?
Could a CT Scan detect early pregnancy?
First name to go with middle name faith.?
Thoughts on the name Belle?
my 4 yr old had a tooth pulled, what should i feed her?
Am I pregnant? My boyfriend has used the pullout method and never ejaculated in my vagina.?
Teens: Do you sometimes/all the time feel like High school is/was useless?
If someone has an abortion is there any way?
What would you name 2 sets of twins?
8 months pregnant, baby hasn't kicked all day, but is moving now, but with stomach cramps?!?
I need suggestions for a \manly\ baby boy name!?
My three year old fell on her bottom?
bright red spotting help!?
Does baby dropping at 27 wks mean early labor?
do you take a pregnancy test 2 weeks after sex or after missed period?
Teens: What country do you want to visit most?
Can I get pregnant this way?
Pregnant? Imgination?
dizzy in stores and gas stations while pregnant?
is it possible to get pregnant while being on your period ?
If someone has an abortion is there any way?
Blakely vs Blakelyn vs Sienna?
if a adult girl drinks men sperm does it will make her pregnant?
7DPO too early to test?
Do you agree with this article?
My baby ate chocolate and ice cream at 2 months, 2 weeks old??
i dont think i can have babies?
safe to take while pregnant?
 plz help me. Im 17 going on 18.?
I don't feel comfortable living at my house anymore?
p.o.r.n stars dont use condoms so how do they not get pregnant ? is it birth control or what?
I had sex on dec 23 my calendar said I was ovulating..now its time for my period and im 4 days late?
what are the chances im pregnant??? help.please :/?
Which would you rather name a boy Ashley or River?
Full-name-wise, if a Jonathan Douglas got into a fist fight with a Joshua James, who would win?
Teens: On a scale of 1-10, how much do you love food?!?!?
Full-name-wise, if a Brian Christopher got into a fist fight with a Derrick Anthony, who would win?
Spotting dark brown help?
Implanon birth control question?
Has anyone taken Ativan (lorazapam) while pregnant? 11 weeks pregnant?
What is the best time to have a newborn circumcised?
please help i need to know if i could be pregnant?
What is the best thing for nausea?
To early to tell? Am I pregnant?
Question about genetics and new baby?
Help Girls!! Bullying Problem!?
We used a condom first and he came, then took it off and threw it away and we had sex again. Could I pregnant?
What do you think about these twin names?
Which do you prefer Brian Adam or Brian Eugene?
am i pregnant im 13 years old?
What is a good middle name for Brian?
20 weeks pregnant and I?
Is this a good sibling set?
why do i keep dreaming that im having a baby?
Which name; Cecilia or Delia?
Am I pregnant or not?
ware is a good site to read about moms to be?
I want kids so badly it hurts?
My 18m baby fell and bumped his head on the corner of door way wood and left an indent, plz let me wht u think?
tryin to get pregnant but having PCOS its not easy im also taking clomid?
Pregnancy concerns please help?.?.?
Middle names for Quinn (boy)?
Does anyone enroll your kid to Kumon?
11 dpo got a negative pregnancy test but feel pregnant!?
What are some names that have to do with literature?
What are some cute girl names?
Please help!!! I'm 15 and i need a job asap?
What would you name twin boys under these Guidelines?
what name is the best on this list?
A cooky, fun, and unique boy name?
What is this girl's problem?
I have a hard choice need help?
First pregnancy worries??.?
I have a hard choice need help?
how do I change the name of my childs father for medicaid? would they do so without a paternity test?
I would Please appreciate a different point of view?
My wife and I are expecting our first child, and I am extremely nervous?
I have a hard choice need help?
Please I need help..preggy??
What would you say about a man who loves a fishing rod more than his son?
weirdly-placed mons pubis fat pad?
am i wrong for canceling on my friends?
Had rough sex. After I saw blood, my period is due in 2 days? Been trying to concieve. Plz read!!?
could i be preggers!!?? freaking out! PLEASE HELP!!?
parents that don't beliving in spanking what do you do if your child hit you?
Do adoptive pts spend a higher than average time praising their adoptees?
Final name choice triplets?
Parents:Do you allow your children to hang out with friends of the opposite gender?
I'm 15 and my parents always call me \kiddo\. Is that an insult or what does it mean?
Do any parents in here have dogs?
Could this be pregnancy?
Can I get pregnant from this?
name that starts with an i?
What did I ever do to deserve an ugly daughter?
Possibility of having twins?
Do you like the name Calvin?
Judging by these names what year do you think this is?
babysitting question?
What are some stuff we should get for our baby shower?
The name Phiffer ( boy)?
Is corporal punishment against minors a bad way to discipline?
Answer these baby name questions?
Little brother likes killing small animals..?
can plan b pill make your period 4 days late?
How to lose 20lbs in a month?
advice from experinced parents?
Help, I think I'm pregnant!?
I'm 18, male, and really want a child all of a sudden?
Are these nice names for twins?
will my babys enfamil still work?
Suggestions anyone?!?
extreme sleepiness early sign of pregnancy?
Baby names? Need help fast!?
Thoughts on these names?
Scary questions, please help?
Pregnant? 19, and my mom will be furious!! Help :(?
What movies or books have really good openings?
how long did it take you to get pregnant?
How do i get my ****** 4 year old son to sleep in his own bed. I ****** want to have sex?
im a 15 year old boy and a skater and i think if i skate to school people will judge me should i care or not?
Calling all women... I'm late! Will give points to best answer?
20 days late, nausea, and fatigue?
Nausea for 5 days after \period\ can I be pregnant?
my 16 month old has grown unusually attached to a specific blanket. should I be concerned?
wondering if my partner is pregnant?
Your Question : If my partner ejaculated inside me the day before I got an abortion could I be pregnant?
What would you name a baby if...?
I hear teens in today's world use the F word at their parents, was this extremely rare 25 years ago?
I hear teens in today's world use the F word at their parents, was this extremely rare 25 years ago?
Had rough sex. After I saw blood, my period is due in 2 days? Been trying to concieve. Plz read!!?
Girly names with boyish nickname?
Why is it so important for kids not to curse when it is generally accepted when adults curse?
Thoughts on the name Edwin?
can i get pregnant this way ? plz answer?
No judging.im a prego??
Is this early pregnancy signs?
Im feeling lonely and left out and not welcome but?
what did your kids/you get for christmas?
What is the best breast pump to use?
Why are my parents so negative?
SCABIES people with experience help please?
SCABIES any experience please help?
What is giving birth like ?
What's A Good Name To Add To My Sibset?!?
What are some good middle names for Nathaniel Eldred?
Is this appropriate to show to a child?
are these names too similar?
I need help please!!!!?
What is the median age at childbirth for US parents?
Boys names starting with 'J'?
Can I force a boy to have sex with me?
What are your children called?
im pregnant! idk what to do ! ???
Pregnancy help please read?
Asking a girl to semi idea... HELP?
Ideal family question?:)?
Are dead baby jokes wrong?
I have had 4 positive ouvlation test i have also taking clomid and i have PCOS .. i need help whats going on?
Can precum get a girl pregnant?
Can questioning a child lead them to say the wromg thing?
My ex is confusing me!! HELP PLEASE?
Can I be pregnant with the trigger shot?
Wdyt -- Are Hayzee and Breezi to similar for sisters?
What are the chances my baby daddy is the father?
Is my girlfriend pregnant? Please give a read and an answer!?!?
Opinion on people aged 9-12 dating ?
What kinda person do you picture with these names?
Parents with kids with aspergers, autism or tourette's?
Which middle name would you pick?
Ladies please help me name my Son!?
Which name for a baby boy?
This question is so weird but GIRLS: If you were raped, would you keep the baby?
so confused plzzz help?
why do babies ultrasound look like so distorted?
opinion on this girls name? + BQ?
Favorite name (boy or girl) starting with X?
Can you list these names favorite to least favorite?
New mom still bleeding?
Are condoms really needed?
Girlfriend might be pregnant NEED HELP?
Can you tell me if my hymen is intact?
Im 15 years old and im 5'3 my goal this year is to reach 5'8 any advise ?
Do you think I'm ovulating?
Due date accuracy w/ 1st trimester ultrasound?
What are your favourite baby names, male and female?
What is this? Why does my daughter do it and how can I help her stop?
Is the sex of the baby always right during the ultrasound?
Early periods in an 8 year old?
Paisley or Alexis for a baby girl?
Middle name suggestions for Paisley?
Plus size women and labour?
I SWEAR a 2nd line was appearing on FRER and then it disappeared!! Help?
Do you think I'm ovulating?
Are all the girls who want kids taken?
Early pregnancy signs *reposted*?
Should I bank my baby's cord blood?
Am i pregnant ??????????????
confused and how get pregnant after miscarrige?
Which of these names are the best and worst?
4 week pregnant when should I go to doctors?
My 6 year old son keeps refusing to wear pajamas at night. What should I do?
Any tips on how to ween a one year old? He hates the bottle.?
Is this the America you want your children to grow up in?
I like a girl in college, but don't always get the chance to talk to her and...?
Who is in the right in this situation parent or child?
I think I have issues?
***Calling ALL FERTILAID USERS***Urinating frequently on Fertilaid???
birth control help please?
When to give baby anything other then breast milk?
Help!! I think I have severe problems with my parents?
To early to tell if I am pregnant?
Which of these girl names do you like best?
How likely is it that my baby will have a major heart disease??
chances of conception on nuroplant and coitus interruptus (withdrawal/pullout method)?
I'm pregnant, my baby hasn't moved in two days and a half?
do you like the name Cassandra?
I'm so stressed and need help?!?
Names from each letter of the alphabet? Boys and girls?
do you like the name Cosette Blue?
Do you like the name Eden?
Do you take prenatal vitamins to help boost your chances of pregnancy or help prepare for pregnancy?
Does my name really reflect when I was born?
how long did it take you to get pregnant?
I just found out I'm have a baby boy can you help me pick a good name please.?
IS IT BAD IM NOT SURE BUT HELP!!?
What is the probability of getting pregnant?
How to stop or manage car seat meltdowns?
My cousin is bing unfair?
What do you think of honoring a friend in a babys name?
What r some brazilian portuguese girls names?
What do you think of these names (boy & girl)?
is it faint or a evaporated line?
Is there anything specific to get a baby girl?
How do you discipline a one year old?
What are your thoughts on the name Elena?
Good middle name for Lena?
Could I be getting these headaches from my pregnancy? I'm 5 weeks.?
Which spelling is better for this baby boy name?
What's the point of playing hard to get?
What do you think of my favourite names?
Advice for my sushi date?
Baby girl names, having a hard time?
when you go to the restroom, how much toilet paper do you use?
i feel bad if i dont include my family's name in my daughters?
Boy & Girl Names Ending In -T?
9 weeks pregnant tomorrow..?
Could I still be pregnant?
Which names are your favourite from this list? (Boys names)?
My five year old son won't try different types of food. He will start gagging if I make him try it?
Is it bad for children to eat raw vegan?
i had unprotected sex this month will i still get my period this month if i might be pregnant? ?
Birth control help please?
What are your favourite girls and boys names?
My baby is 11months and said mammy last week?
My baby is 11months and said mammy last week?
Can you get HEELP syndrom again?
What do you think of the name Iris Jade?
could this be implantation bleeding?
Could a fourteen year old live in their own apartment if their parents are across the hall?
Summer Vanessa or Summer Alexa?
how do I store baby formula?
I had my son on Monday (1-6-14)?
can you be pregnant after talking EllaOne?
I have a gut feeling I'm pregnant?
38weeks 5days pregnant and im leaking fluid?
Middle name for Oakley (girl)?
Surnames as first names - question !?
Test - Test - Test - Test?
what are my chances of being pregnant?
To ditch the buggy/stroller?
It's the baby name game :)?
this or that........?
what are your favorite homemade baby food recipes?
what are your favorite homemade baby food recipes?
The Mother of my child is driving me crazy?
I am pregnant best friend hates me?
pregnancy scare? omg?
Which are your two favourite names from my list?
Which spelling... Keira or Kiera?
I think I'm pregnant, but?
Is it implantation bleeding or what?
What do you think of Rory (boy)?
Pregnancy or period?
POLL- when did you baby take first step?
Cute and unique but not crazy names for the middle name Steven?
Why do they calculate pregnancy from the last menstrual period instead of the day you had sex?
POLL- when did you baby take first step?
Eliot vs Elliott vs Elliot?
thoughts on the baby name Adell Evalee ?
Can I put my SSI check in my name now that I'm pregnant?
Can I put my SSI check in my name now that I'm pregnant?
How do I get on a t.v. show? Like teen mom.?
What are some mythology/Halloween inspired female cat names?
did you follow the stickers on baby food?
did you follow the stickers on baby food?
Can you get pregnant while having period cramps?
Is it bad that I am scared of my own brother?
What do u think of these names?
What do you think of the name Dharma?
18 month old scream and cries at bedtime and wakes up screaming in the middle of the night?
Can you still have periods when your pregnant?
kids good judges of character?
Is there a chance I may be pregnant?
Is it possible I am still pregnant?
I'm pregnant and I need names fast!!!?
Is stress bad at 34 week pregancy ?
Had intercourse and then period came, could I still be pregnant?
I'm pregnant and 13 years old?
Testing for pregnancy after sex near scheduled period?
Could I be 6 months pregnant?!?
What is the variant name of Zakwan?
What do you think of Olive and Margo for twin girls?
Has anyone been in this situation before with a boyfriend?
am i pregnant ? 8 days and no period still?
Vaccine shots questions? Three month old baby?
I need a few suggestions on beautiful unique girl names with an A?
I'm 16 and pregnant and i want to move in with my boyfriend.?
Stuck inside with a 2 yr old and 10 mo old?
What do you think of these baby boy names?
Baby names? All help wanted!?
Have a baby coming soon. will she have my insurance or my fiance's?
someone help me please. could i be pregnant?
What does this mean exactly?
Pregnant and Bad Cramps Last Night?
When Me And My Ex Were Together . We Had Sex . i Think My Period Came Already , But Its LIGHT Blood .?
What specific genetic birth defects are associated when two first cousins have a baby?
cute and not too common english names for my baby girl?
?? What Would You Rename The Wilkinson Quints + 2?
I think my dad got me pregnant help???
I need help with baby girl names?
My wife in two month pregnant we are doing sex it is safe or not? What is food you are suggested?
What is the translation of in the german-language called \absahnen\ or \abschöpfen\ ?
Elina or Melina to go with Ariel , Larissa & klara?
What is the best method to discipline a preteen?
Which name do you like better?
What would you name your family?
i dont know what i want?
Period or not period? Help?
I need as much pregnancy advice as possible. the do's and the don't?
is there any chance of pregnency?
its been 10 weeks since i had my daughter we had a condom accident could i be prego?
where can I buy suportive maternity bras?
I had protected sex for the first time in three months and I have a late cycle. Can I be pregnant????????????
will i need permission from the child's father?
Opinion on this name,and is it girls name or boy?
My nipple is infected (I stopped breastfeeding) WHAT TO DO?
foods to increase sperm count?
Nipple is infected after I stopped breastfeeding (WHAT TO DO?)?
Plan B pregnancy pill Cvs?
What would you name your family?
Poll: Emerson or Kieran?
Which girl name do you like more?
Is it bad I had sex with my neighbor of my parents house 7 times and she's 20 years older than me?
Could pregnancy be possible at the end of the month?
Opinions on these names please?
Potty Training. Consider a family with not only 1 young child, what impacts will it have on the whole family?
Which name for a boy: Patrick Or Declan Or Cain?
My baby is 2 months old. Please suggest me which powder milk should I prefer for my child?
Which girl name do you prefer?
help am i pregnant ?ectopic ?
My teacher hates me?
Snowshoeing in third trimester?
Son is extremely disrespectful! How should I go about getting his attention?
Am i legally allowed to leave?
What's wrong with my body? Infection or pregnancy? Help?
Potty training advice needed: 4.5 year old son is done with diapers, but won't use toilet?
Would you say naughty things to your spouse that kids won't get?
How old were you when you had your first baby?
Which names do you like more?
he came inside me 3-4 times during my ovulation and after 36 hours i had an ipill. can i still get pregnant?
When breastfeeding do you have to also buy formula too?
A condom fell out my pocket in class and my teacher saw it and is telling the head what do I say to her?!?
I'm still a virgin and I feel like a loser, any advice?
Not allowed to see my ultrasound?
If sex under 18 is illegal then why do people do it?
PT result was NEGATIVE but still no sign of Mens. PREGNANT OR NOT?
23 weeks pregnant, have i gained to much weight?
Early sign of pregnancy?
Can your baby get pregnant if your pregnant?
A beautiful baby girl name!?
Anyone ever been induced?...?
Moms: What are the pros and cons of being a staying-home-mothers?
Period and sex question?? Answer please?
Which is your favourite baby name out of these.?
PREGNANT? IM SO YOUNG HELP!?
leaking breastmilk? help please?
Folic acid while trying?
PREGNANT? IM SO YOUNG HELP!?
What do you call your child's teacher?
My daughter wants to be like Elsa from frozen but...!!?
Is there a chance I could be pregnant?
What to do with a 10 year old at home?
Which names do you like?
My 1 year old won't hold and drink her own bottle.?
When do i do a pregnancy test after never having regular periods?
Why is it not the norm to be a 40 year old virgin?
I heard Rick Ross has abs of Steel?
currently trying for a our second child can anyone help?
Beautiful baby girl names that go well with last name Holmes?
Any scared straight programs for teens in Pennsylvania?
Is it possible to have your period & be pregnant?
How do you think the girl name Elina is pronounced?
Any potty training tips?
what should i do ? please help!!?
Can u get pregnant the same day after implantation bleeding?
Daughter cuts herself because of me?
Why do i have cramps 7 weeks after giving birth?
Why do i have cramps 7 weeks after giving birth?
my partner and i are having trouble finding a boys name! our child's surname will be Barry. please help!?!?
Dream about losing two babies.?
How would you think girl name ELYNA is pronounced?
Could I be pregnant please please help me!!!!!!?
Which spelling is better Elyse or Alyse?
Is my art childrens book quality?
TO the mommys out there!?
23 weeks pregnant and concerned experienced mother please!?
What do you think about this type of punishing style?
where did you grow up?
I feeel different those days......do u feel the same?
How do i entertain a girl when texting her?
What kind of things would you look for in a nanny?
First ultrasound appointment without my parents?
Which name completes this sib-set best?
Baby girl names? Opinion?
Would you feel different about killing a fetus outside the womb?
Is there a possibility that I could be pregnant?
Do I need to comply to a birthday \Wish List\?
is it a bad thing to keep your child away from its grandparents?
Would this keep my daughter warm without the use of layers?
My baby stool is yellow n watery?
Am I pregnant? Period agian? Implantation? Miscarriage?
what she needs actually?
What can a mother do when baby refuses her Brest milk ?
Is it bad to start taking contraceptive pills before being sexually active?
How can I help my Daughter stop being negative?
How would you think girl name ELYNA is pronounced?
Help want to be pregnant ASAP!!?
CD 35. \spotted\ at 14 DPO and 2 weeks late on period with neg preg test. Could I stil be pregant?
18-25 Years, How many months/cycles did it take you to conceive?
About to be 8 months & this will be my 3rd baby?
what to do should I stay or should I go?
Opinion on this baby name?
could I pregnant. please answer?
Typical common names?
Why is it not the norm to be a 40 year old virgin?
I think I hve my period?
What is going on?! Major tiredness?
Is this a normal side effect for PlanB?
WDYT of the name Warwick Mackenzie for a boy?
I think I got my girlfriend pregnant what do I do if I did?
Make 4 boys names out of these?
Im naming my newborn daughter \Sasha\ need a middle name?
are there any other birth control things we could use instead of condoms?
I saw my period last on 28 of Dec, I had unprotected sex with my partner on 2nd/3rd of Jan. i.e 5th/6th days a?
transvaginal scan- gestation age or age since conception?
I need a teen mum/Mom name?
What are some good middle names for Sophia?
What would you name 6 kids?
Has anyone ever took a pregnancy test and mistaken the lines for evaporation lines but actually been pregnant?
How do you pronounce the name Loretta?
ive been off depo for a year and 4 months why cant i get pregnant?
bloody show...HELP! am I in labor!!?
What are your favourite names from this list?
What's wrong with name Slatina for a baby girl?
How long to find you pregnant?
is it rude to name your child after a cousins name?
HELP?! i havent slept in 2 nights, i CANT go to school, how to convince my mom?!?
Is this a good names for a girl?
help am I pregnant? Please help!?
if I had sex and my period is due in 3 days can I still get pregnant?
My family are being overly \clingy\ with my daughter?
Hcg ratios in pregnancy?
footling breech experiences?
how to select a menstrual cup?
If you had a girl and a boy, what would you name them?
Can drugs to flush out sperm from female still work after 24 hours of having the sex?
Can cold breastmilk cause colic, gas or constipation in a newborn?
Getting wisdom teeth out tomorrow. I took penicillin today twice 6 hours apart. Is that okay?
What do you think of the name Brienne?
is it implantation bleeding or normal menstruation?
Is my 9yr old cousin bipolar? What can I do about it? Please help. I can't take it anymore.?
Could I be pregnant,late period HELP!?
Warning: Baby on board? Not sure.?
What is the best name for a baby girl?
worried! Please read?
Stomach pains.. 31 weeks pregnant.?
13 Year Olds Birthday. Answer please?
13 Year Olds Birthday. Answer please?
How long will i take mefenamic acid for my period? please help :(?
Can you get pregnant with implant?!?
What do you think of these names?
Help urgently... Period?
In early stages of pregnancy do you feel nauseous, slight cramps mainly on the right side?
Could my girls stand to lose a few pounds?
spanking-- when does it cross the line?
How can in convince my parents to let me shave?
i had sex last saturday bt got a negative result yestarday my period doest come till 20th cud i be pregnant?
I was going for something Unique...with Shayde..But thx btw?
Which name do you prefer, Benjamin or Benedict?
How to know when you are ready for s*x?
i was late taking my birth control could i be pregnant?
Can you be pregnant & still have a period ?
what baby bottle do you like best?
Help! Is Ellieanna Eden a beautiful name?
Should HIV positive woman have kid?
Do you prefer the name Robin for a boy or Robyn for a girl?
Appearance(Girls only)?
im 17; could I be pregnant?
ADVICE PLEASE, CANT THINK OF ANYTHING!!!?
what type of bra do i need to wear during and after pregnancy?
my wife is pregnant she is sleeping directly on her stomach help?
How quick did your menstrual cycle return after the removal of mirena?
how much would you sell 51 huggies Nappy's for?
is it normal for a toddler to play in his sleep?
What do you think of the name Abbie for a girl?
Can anyone tell me what's wrong with this newborn puppie?
can i mix breast milk with juice?
how to get my parents to let me date?
okay i want to know what's going on here .?
stay at home mom or work?
Could I just be paranoid about pregnancy?
am I just worrying too much?
An xray at lumbar sacral area.Can it affect the fetus if I am pregnant?
Im so conceited and can't help it. .?
Im so conceited and can't help it. .?
Blood to begin with, I'm pregnant though.?
could i be pregnant even with a negative test?
I'm adopting an English name. Any Beautiful girl names?
When should I take a pregnancy test?
Is It Possible For Ovolution to be early?
when can I take a pregnancy test?
Can a mother get a custody of the illegitimate child?
What are my chances of getting pregnant on birth control?
a little concerned but excited. Please read?
Why did I have to look so ugly from 8-10th grade?
my 1 1/2yr old barely started snoring?
I made poops and it scary?
What Are The Best Sites To Watch Live Adult Streams?
Depo birth control and pregnancy ?
3 month old baby on gentleease formula always hungry?
Percentage of her being pregnant?
Could I be pregnant?Depo-Provera?
Does being on the pill affect your menstual cycle?
HCG level normal or high?
What causes you to get a yeast infection?
I have a brother that was put up for adoptions and I was wondering what is the best way to try and find him?
Vomiting bile after meals... Is this normal?
is it possible i have implantation bleeding?
is it to cold to travel with baby by bus and walking?
What would you name this boy?
I just made blue poop?
Penicilin and Breast Feeding.?
Please please help me! I'm 16 and maybe pregnant?
Name 10 sibs with these guidelines?
How do you know if your child will be born healthy?
i am 15 years old femail and i want sex so what can i do?
i am 15 years old femail and i want sex so what can i do?
pre ejaculation on 6th day?
is it normal to be disgusted by your unborn child?
Take a pregnancy test or is it period symptoms? Help!?
Is it must when a woman vomits a yellow substance in de morning is pregnant?
Dark brown spotting for 4 days now!#Worried?
what can happen to the baby if the woman gets hit in the stomache during early pregnancy?
What would good middle names for these G/G twins?
I'm 14 and I think i may be pregnant!!! HELP??
My 14 year old niece always wants to cuddle?
Can I get pregnant if he came on the outside but then ate me out?
Positive on Pregnancy Test, is it ok to go skiing?
so i think i may be pregnant, im a week late on my period, im hungry constantly and always using the bathroom?
If i have black eyes and my husband has blue eyes, does our child will have blue or black eyes?
My mom is going to spank me again?
Why can't teens take pills?
i Am 16 years old and want to have a baby What should i do?
Most Embarrassing School Stories?
Baby name game! Wanna play?
Which spelling is cuter for a girl?
Is it normal for your partner to be grossed out by pregnancy and not want to intament?
My 14 years old niece always wants to cuddle?
Can i have my 7 year old sister arrested?
Mother in law refuses to potty train.?
just lost my virginity help!?
Public, Private, or Home Schooling?
is dollar general baby products good?
what does it mean when u feel a pinch in your breast and vagina?
Missed period with traveling?
How was the adoption process for you?
when did your doctor check you for dilation?
just took a pregnancy test?
I wrote my husbands birthday wrong on my baby's birth certificate, what will it take for us to fix it?
Help ASAP I think she might be pregnant!!?
Could it be possible for us to be pregnant? And if so, Is it too early to feel changes in her body?
Motrin while pregnant advice?!?
I think I should report someone to CPS but is it worth creating a very difficult situation?
Am I about to start or am I pregnant?
if my stomach makes these noise can i be pregnant?
What origin is this name?
Could I be pregnant??? Please help!!!?
Can someone please answer this question about ashermans syndrome? i really need answers!!?
37 weeks pregnant and not feeling to well?
20 weeks pregnant and very concerned please help!?
35 weeks pregnant with some questions.?
My girlfriend is 8 weeks pregnant and seems to be getting distant I love her and my baby to be! What do I do?!?
is 50 too old to have a baby?
should I continue my Birth control?
If you are on birth control, when should you take a pregnancy test?
is this possibly a miscarriage?
Cry it out method - success stories?
I have a birth control stick that goes in ur arm. I had sex on dec. 26. Can I take a test now or is it 2 early?
Microgynon 30 contraceptive pill?
I added someone on Facebook and my mom and I both think it was a bad idea?
When can my mom kick out her granddaughters?
I am 32 weeks pregnant and its been a few days that my babys movements have slowed down is it something normal?
Help me? Could i be pregnant?
Thoughts on these names?
ttc.. ovulation symptoms?
My period is late but there's blood when I wipe only?
implantation bleeding ?
Why do I only want my baby to be a boy?
I do I stay up all night on a school night and not be tired the next day?
please read. i need comfort.?
Bitter and possibly infertile. Anyone else?
My 8 Month Old Kitten is in Heat !?
how hard will it be to have a baby when you have PCOS?
When A guy gives a girl a creampie could it get her pregnant?
Madison or Arleigh for a baby girl?
Can you get pregnant during the middle of your period?
is my girlfriend pregnant or is it just the pills?
Am I pregnant? Please help..?
If u have sex, don't wash your penis, can the women get pregnant?
Teens: Do you sometimes/all the time feel like High school is/was useless?
Which diet is best for pregnant and baby feeder moms?
What do you think of Rory?
What name sounds better??
hi my name is tyler and i was wondering if my nipples should be soggy?
Faint positive? Am I pregnant? Help me!!:(?
can i get pregnant even if i used a condom?
Ectopic or early pregnancy? I have had no pain just spotting. Dr wants to terminate w/Methotrexate?
Please Help Me!!!!!!?
Middle name for Melody?
how many oz of formula should my 3 month old be drinking?
How early does acid reflux start?
Is it normal to get stretch marks at 13 weeks?
I had sex and got a period 9 days later?
What are the chances im pregnant?
Pregnancy spotting or period?
Cute baby girl names?
Girl's nicknames list?
after a period,which day the egg come out ?
Which names do you like?
Am I pregnant please help!?
How do you childproof drawers with pull handles on them?
How can I go by another name?
Where to Buy Misoprostol(Cytotec) in the Philippines?
1 Year old baby refuses to eat?
what name is your favorite?
Another question, Does this statement make sense?
What do you think of these names?
i have achild all she dose is steel i put my hand on her butt i made her sit on the stairs watching kids play?
Poll! HEY MOMS CIO or Co-sleep-- how tired are you???
is there any chat rooms, or a website I can talk to a person educated on pregnancy?
Help please! Need help! And guidance?
Should I be worried? I haven't had a period since stopping the pill 3 months ago.?
What are your current favorite names?
names for a girl please?
Opinions on the name Paisley for a girl?
Is there a chance I could be pregnant?
Could i have the symptoms of being pregnant 4 days after intercourse?
when is a good time in pregnancy to call and set up your pediatrician?
My 16 year old is having a hard time holding down jobs. How can I help her?
Could my girlfriend of gotten pregnant in November, and had the baby in September of the next year? 11 Months!?
10 days after sex, now she got a positive pregnancy test?
what to do for infants stuffy nose?
What do you think of the name Johnny Von for my son?
How can I speed up puberty.?
I had sex with a girl early this morning, went to sleep & did it again in 4hr. Can she get pregnant?
Teens: Were you in school today?
I want to know if I'm pregnant!?
weird periods..randomly sick...pregnant?
I want to know how long my cycle is is it 28 days?
Is there a possibility that I'm pregnant?
Situation for girl high schoolers?
Pregnant or just bloated?
Question about when I go into labour ?
15 weeks pregnant and WORRIED. HELP!?
How to cope with loss of a twin?
How to cope with loss of a twin?
Any good usernames with the name Ashley?
I'm a 13 year old boy, I haven't grown since I was 8?
Why are many breastfeeding women so smug?
silly little girls vs baby mammas on a mission!?
Im looking for a middle name for a girl that goes well with Kaylee-Rose?
my son is 11 mouth old and his timpiture of 98.8 is that good or not?
Do you think the name Cara is boring?
feeling distressed ready to get the baby out?!?!?
I'm sick but my mom doesn't believe me?
Is infinity a weird name to have ?
If school has already ended, could I get in trouble for hugging someone?
Can My husband sue the dr or hospital?My baby is to recircumcied?
What is a good middle name for Amber?
I just took a pregnancy test?
Procedure for Physical and Checkup for 13 year old boy?
My infant son is having trouble latching....?
I need edgy and heroic names!?
8 year old is out of control!?
I'm baby sitting tomorrow from 8am-6pm...?
Sasha Ziegler...should I choose a different first name?
has anyone got pregnant on depo provera?
Should you Respect your parents if they don't respect you?
Im 20 and my mum is pushing me into having an abortion?
16 year old ex boyfriend wants baby but has a girlfriend?
Do you think I'm pregnant?
Can my girlfriend get pregnant from my penis touching her vagina?
Unique boy names starting with K?
Why do parents play favorites?
Can I make Ziegler work for my first name?
I think I'm pregnant and don't know what to do. Please help?
What do you think of the name Anakin?
My sister sneaked on my me in the shower? Is that normal?
Whats your opinion on this name?
What do you think of Brooke or Brooks for a boy?
Full-name-wise, if a Jonathan Phillip got into a fist fight with a Michael Lee, who would win?
what are the chances that I'm pregnant? please help?
Why do a lot of parents today spoil their kids so bad?
When can I take a pregnancy test?
Guys should not babysit?
Which middle name would you use for Robert?
Remedies for baby constipation?
Do you liek Riana better than Rihanna?
How to Talk to Mom About Sex?
Can we adopt with this situation?
Is it possible for my dating ultrasound to be wrong?
anyone want to help out with a cute boys name¿:)?
Do you like the name Hayden Jace for a boy?
parents who use tummy time mats... what type is best?
Do you like the name Rihanna?
13 year old checkup and physical procedures?
What is your favorite GIRL name?
Baby boy name ideas?
What are your future kids names gonna be?!?
What can be the problem with my 6 year old daughter? 10 points?
Could she be pregnant?
Gynecologists: How do some straight men take this profession, ever?
What would you name ten girls using these names?
Plz help with story names?
5 MONTH OLD BABY AND 1 OVERPROTECTIVE CAT?!?
is iron pills bad during pregnancy?
My period is late and i'm on the pill?
I'm 5 days late & white milky discharge. Could I be Pregnant?
?? What would you rename these kids?
Is she pregnant? I didn't *** and there was no precum on me...?
What skin color will my baby be?
Names ideas for my baby girl?
Do parents secretly have favourites?
When naming a child after family, do you honor the deceased or the living?
What skin color will my baby be?
Morgana/Morgaine as a name?
what do you think of this name?
How do I stop feeling so insecure?
Has anyone ever experienced this?
Would the name Fuggof be good for a boy? I like it cause its original (I made it up) but my wife hates it!?
Girl names that goes with Ariel, Larissa & klara thank you please?
Potty Training Advice??
Fellow parents- My daughter is dating a boy I don't like. What would you do?
I knew this girl that I liked but never told her. She was put in my biology class. I still like her. Any tips?
What names would you add to these families?
how soon do you get moody when pregnant?
Need help with 16 month old daughter?
Best Jobs For Mums? Anyone?
Could she be pregnant?
My daughter is dating a boy I don't like?
is it tacky to throw your own baby shower?
when will i get pregnant!?
Pregnancy questions please help?
Help! My friend is going to lose her son!?
what happen during c section with twins 10points(best answer)?
Teenager. Stuck. What do I do!?
My boyfriend going off to college and im pregnant?
Could this be a pregnancy sign?
Parents-how would you react if you found out your 16 year old daughter was sexually active?
Period a week after protected sex, am I pregnant?
Middle name for Scott?
Which middle name would you use for Nathan?
early period or implation bleeding?
Help! I need girl Name to go with Ariel, Larissa, & Klara?
does my child have hyper activity problems?
What are your favourite names from this list?
What baby lullabies were sung to you as a kid/do you sing to your kids?
I took a laxative and I think I'm pregnant...help?
when should I take a pregnancy test?
serious answer please?
serious answer please?
pregnant can you help me?
what is the probabilty of getting pregnant from being fingered?
can infants see good & evil spirits?
Need some more advice please! Preferably not from rude people.?
Need an honest opinion?
Parents, how do you organise photographs of your kids?
Do you think giving young girls baby dolls to play with have anything to do with teen pregnancy?
Need some more advice please, preferably not from rude people.?
Need some more advice please, preferably not from rude people.?
Had an emergency C section on 12/13. My bleeding stopped about 7-10 days after that. Basically had yellowish?
Can you see the baby at 3 -4 weeks pregnant?
Name for Triplet boys i have two I need one?
What percent of couples will concieve after 3 months?
Being induced next week?
How can I get my wife pregnant if I can't ejaculate?
Baby name suggestions plz?
Can you guys play any instruments?
Do you like the name Lynn/ Lynne????????????
Toddler and Newborn..rooming situation?
Should I leave my baby's father? Help me please!!!?
What are some strong, handsome, and masculine boy names?
? Using these names what would you name 5 boys?
Very light spotting in pregnancy?
Help with baby girl names?
should children sit on chairs or the carpet for circle time?
I need help thinking of a stage name for myself?
What's the required hours of sleep as you grow old?
? Do you like the name Eden for a girl?
Does the name Eden fit with these names?
do yall think I could be pregnant?
Do you like the name Dahlia?
Did you ladies use Gendermaker gender prediction test?
Make combinations from these names?
What do you think of the name I picked for my daughter?
how much does it usually cost for abortion?
Should i keep or abort my baby?
Should I try a dab of alcohol on my babies gums?
What are some girl names similar to Amelia?
Teens: Describe the strictest parents you've ever heard of that are real?
hi could I be pregnant.?
What are my chances of pregnancy?
fingering and precum? asap?
Which middle name is best for Grace?
i need your advice pleazze?
I was shocked in my bathroom while suddenly a butterfly fly to me?is my shocked reaction will harmful my baby?
Daycare situation- what would you do?
Can you be pregnant and be on a irregular period at the same time?
can they get pergant while on their cycle?
What are your opinions for a triplet set?
my 17 month old won't eat much, what can I do?
MY PARENTS WANT TO KICK ME OUT AND IM 14! HELP!!!?
Is it even remotely possible for me to be pregnant?
My parents won't let me and my boyfriends sleep in the same bed?
Which of these is your favorite flower name?
i have lost my babys social secuirty and medicad what can i do go get it back ?
Which girl name is better?
Am I pregnant or not ?
How do you pronounce Elizabeth in the US?
how do i tell my mom i might be pregnant?!>!>!?
What should I do I have not started my period for this month and I'm scared I could be pregnant?
Opinions on these names?
contraceptive pill vs injection?
Is it normal to be worried after having sex the first time?
Is having an MRI test done on my knee bad while I'm pregnant?
Which spelling is better for boy name?
What will happen at doc appointment?
Is there a chance of pregnancy???
TEENS: Sexting? Yay or Nay?
give me a list of your top 10 favorite girl names?
Would you let your 13 year old daughter...?
How easy is it to become pregnant?
Which name is better for my baby sister?
Am I pregnant?! Confused with results?
Meals children will love?
Ive been on my period for 15 days?
On average, how long does it take a couple to concieve?
Could she be pregnant?
Which sibset do you like best?
do condoms prevent pregnancy 100%?
creative instagram name ?
? WDYT of these two boy names?
Birth control and pregnancy help asap!?
What are your favorite baby names?
What do you think of the girl's name Meta?
Implantation, ovulation, missed pill, early period?
15 days late on period but 2 negative tests.?
I'm pregnant and I have an upset stomach?
Middle names for Addison?
Which boy name is better?
? Which of these names do you like more?
Please answer my question anyone at all who understands what I'm on about???!!!! Asap need to know?
Do you like the name Liv and faith individually and as twin names?
I'm pregnant and I don't want to tell the dad?
Parents I was prescribed meds?
I need a posh girls name?
I feel like we should put our Baby up for Adoption … But I feel like We wouldn't emotionally be able to...?
how can i help my son?
how can i help my son?
Have not seen my period over a month now and I took a test I am not pregnant so what can cause it to happen?
Could I be pregnant? (Please read)?
What do you think of the name Ursula?
am i pregnant?!!!!!!?
is this true about nuva ring?
would you ever name a girl Spencer?
Thoughts on the name Ismena + BQ?
How do i find Biological family?
Please help, is my mom controlling my life (i'm 20)?
I just look I haven't had my period for November or December but I am on the pill , could I be pregnant ?
what are some things I will need to purchase for my daycare ages from infant to12?
how do you know when youve stopped growing?
My daughter was bitten by a d 18 months old. She is supposed to receive the first installment at 18 yrs old.?
I'm a 13 year old male and why don't I like to get naked in the changing rooms is it normal or not?
I need a unique girls name. I would like something Not over the edge unique but not something you hear a lot.?
i never know when to test because my cycles are very strange im having symptoms does anyone know when the best?
what is a good middle name for tate?
could i be pregnant.?
How soon after sex can I take a pregnancy test?
9 month old wont stop screaming?
how can i have an abortion at home?!?
Been 8 days since I had sex experiencing cramps and slight bleeding not expecting my period for 2 weeks?
do you like these names?
Is it time I put my foot down on this girl and tell her to stick with me or never speak to me again?
Which last names goes better with the name Kai?
Feeling really depressed & keep crying over negative preg test at 10 dpo...Help?
Whats the best hpt test out there?
Why is it not the norm to be a 40 year old virgin?
Opinions of this name? Middle name suggestions?
Anyone please help me with advice? Asap thanks?
spotting a week before period, period is 6 days late and brown spotting again?
Which name: Avigail or Abigail?
Is pregnancy a possibility ?
what are the chances of her having twins?
Is my gf pregnant? I'm really worried.?
? Which Middle Name For Gabriel?
Baby boy or baby girl??
if you always catch your period regularly can you still possibly get pregnant in the long run?
Do you it's necessary to renew my babysitting license?
Fav. name with a Q in it or starting with a Q?
im pregnant and im a guy?
Which name: Kelly, Keeley, Kayley, Kallie, or Kylie?
Can someone please help me?
Ovulation, Implantation or something else ?
I'm anxious about school.?
Was it too early to take a pregnancy test?
Korean girl name; Euna or Eunae? Meaning and pronunciation?
POLLS: Why are young people in relationships?
Pro-Choicers, how is late abortion not killing a living baby?
Is it bad if a two year old has too much adult calcium?
Need help!confused!prego?
Teens: what are some things you do not understand?
Sophia or Diana? which one's prettier? So confused now?
How can I handle wanting a baby?
Which girl twin set is nicer: Summer & Spencer Or Alexis & Spencer?
Can u ovulate the day after period ends?
how to get newborn to take breast?
what do you think of my delivery? child birth 2?
What are you favorite and least favorite baby girl names?
What should I do? I need some real answers...?
Parents ALWAYS on my case about chores?
Why is it not the norm to be a 40 year old virgin?
My mother will not let my 9 yr old brother lock the door when he uses the bathroom. Is this normal?
How did you mothers feel the first time you saw your first child?
Child support-no father? :/?
Please help? Am I pregnant?
Should all teen drivers be forced to drive one of these?
Am i over stressed never got a full cycle for two months?
What are some fun things to do on a rainy day in with a 1 y/o & 3y/o?? Not to messy please! =)?
Friend living in house with 4 week old baby subjected to second hand meth smoke and marijuana smoke, HELP!!!!!?
Sister in law spoils our son?
Sister-in-law spoils our son?
(13,14 and 15 year old's) What do you think of this girl?
Umbrella stroller for infants?
Do you believe in an eye for an eye and was I wrong for this?
Which of these name suit my character?
Been 28 days since sex, is test accurate?
Car seat that won't hook into stroller?
Is drinking cold water gonna harm my unborn child?
If a pregnant woman takes 3 ibuprofen (200 mg each) a day will she miscarry?
Don't u think I have the right to change my name ?
Can you suggest old names that sound new?
Hair/eye traits for babies?
Can you buy a tray for a stroller?
Are the names Gabriel and Caleb becoming too common?
Anxious to know if I'm pregnant?
Will the medicine I take affect my unborn child?
i didn't get my period last month so could i be pregnant?
Middle Names For Isabel?
Which name is your favorite?
Is the plan b working? No bleeding yet?
List some girls names?
Flu shot during pregnancy?
Which name sounds better to men? Isabella or Sophia?
I need help with birth control?
Was it a pass at me or not, I was sent to the principal's office?
What shall I get for my 10 year old sister for her birthday?
Spider angioma and spider veins on 3 year olds face?
Do I have depression? How can I help myself? I want to be happy again.?
How do you pronounce the name Clara?
Sexist kid in my daughters catholic school?
toddler peanut allergy, lactose intolerant, and egg allergy?
Thoughts on these names?
Where can I find a newborn baby bracelet?
Breasts are NOT sore but possibly preg?!?
Am i Pregnant? i have been getting some of the symptoms?
need suggestings on a middle name for Amir?
what foods should i feed a 4 year old? (first time baby sitting)?
Could I be pregnant even though I had very light period?
what name is the best on this list?
my 8 month old is now scared of dogs. why?
Which name do like most?
How to get my 9 month old to sleep the night?
Do babies learn in the womb?
17th birthday ideas, read additional information.?
How much weight is baby weight?
i need answerssss please help me...?
Middle name help for Violet, please?
Clara Jo, Clara Josephine or Clara May?
Tips on getting pregnant?
I need a middle name to go with Romy?
Is a Paternity Test required?
? WDYT of the name Juliet Naomi for a girl?
Could I be pregnant or just stressing myself out?
Epilepsy & Having A Child?
are you suppose to get a mothers copy birth certificate?
Could I be Pregnant or Not?
Do you think I'm pregnant?
What would happen if my me and my teacher had consensual sex?
how much sleep is a good amount of sleep to have?
Could it be a sign of pregnancy??????
Had sex 8 days ago, experiencing some cramping but no blood.Periods not due for a couple more weeks am I prego?
Will i never have kids? ;( please, need opinions?
Help! I need pronounceable baby boy names that are not so common. Strong sounding boy names only please!!!?
Easy going day, talk to parents about a personal topic?
I can't understand my ex boyfriends pain?
I need two names for my characters?
I was playing around and used an fsh level test and?!!?
How long to wait until morning after pill?
What does 'give birth to live young'?
hi im wondering if im pregnant,?
is this baby movements?
Is pregnancy likely he started to finish bj me and pulled out?
do it got to be close to my fertile days in oreder for me to be pregnant?
Help anyone???? Is this a false pregnancy? Before my period?
what age do you pierce a new borns ears?
?? What would you rename the McCaughey septuplets?
Are sharp pains when pregnant normal?
Which name do you prefer?
which spelling;Wilbur or Wilber?
My son will be born some time this month. What should I name him?
Help! Italian girl names!!!?
what to buy for baby?
How cani stop my 3 year old's bad behaviour towards her supposed \best friend\?
what to buy for baby?
My period (or lack of) is baffling me, any answers as to what's going on?
plan b. period. ovulation. pregnant?
Unique middle names for emily?
im 15 nearly 16 and i feel like this?
Is there a way to get an Abortion without your parents finding out?
WDYT of Cleo Jocelyn Alexandria?
?? What Would You Rename The Dilley Sextuplets?
I'm young and scared?
my baby tumbles a lot.. is it ok?
my baby tumbles a lot.. is it ok?
Should I have kids young?
Margot, Margo, or Margaux?
What should I do with my 10 month old and 3 year old?
what do you use for Id for a newborn for first wic appointment?
can she be pregnant by somehow?
Our Name Dilemma!!! Help us please!?
What's Your Favourite Beautiful Girl Names?
I need help am I preg?
What do you think of these names?
? WDYT of the name Colin Daniel for a boy?
i had unprotected sex last night and its still early for my period to come on...do yall think im pregnant? ?
Your opinion--is it wrong for me to bribe his children to call me MOM?
My name is Savannah and I need another nickname! This girl took mine, it was savvy. I want it one of a kind:/?
contractions!? please help!!?
I'm 14 weeks pregnant and having pressure, please tell me it's normal ?!!! Please answer?
Prd on 8days early, whhy? :'(?
Breech baby, 3rd pregnancy?
Pls give me suggestions,i want baby girl name which should be short,new nd can start with any letter?
blue and gold macaw ready for adoption or in cheap price and worldwide delivery. need help!!!!!!!?
Whats the price of a pregnancy test by doc?
Can or have you had a child having Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome and Hypothyroidism?
why those women working at children departments for places like school,church,motherless babies,are childless?
19 weeks pregnant. 4 c-sections already ..what to do? please HELP!?
Horrible morning sickness?
Confused straight answer please?
Adoption: Is it the best decision for my situation?
What's a good name for my character?
WDYT Of these name?(sibset)?
Emotional after reading story's about babies?
18 months baby can take homepathy threatment?
someone older and wise perhaps a woman with children I really need it?
should i take a pregnancy test or leave it?
Breech baby, 3rd pregnancy?
Really confused 4 negatives at home could I b pregnant?
Implantation bleeding?! Am I pregnant!?
So nervous for first scan tomorrow...achey and crampy down below? ?
How can you be sure when your ovulation is if you have a very irregular period?
Need a list of girl names?
Need help for girls name?
Why do you think of these names?
Could I be pregnant or am I stressing?
Out of these R names which is your favorite plus BQ?
I need advice to make it through school?
Government funding sure start advice.?
What type of girl do you think would have these names: Esther and Matilda?
what name is the best?
I need a cute middle name for Dean that flows well and looks nice?
What should I do about cosmetology school?
Once again, what would you name the Duggars if?
HELP! I need help with my 13 year old daughter!?
How do you address stealing in school?
When can I take a pregnancy test?
Is it possible for a woman to get pregnant without having sex?
What image do these invented girl names convey?
What does 'pulled out' mean?
What exactly are the risks ?
how stressed does a mother have to be to have their milk go sour?
My 15 year old could be pregnant?
If it's not implantation bleeding , then what is it?
Am I ovulating or something else?
Pick one of these boys names?
Suggestions for baby names?
How to get my mom's trust back?
can a urine test detect an ectopic pregnancy?
How often did your 15 month old nurse?
Im 15 and i think i might be pregnant...please help!!?
any chance of being pregnant eventhough i had my period?
I hate shaving but my mom is being a total b*tch about it, help?
Alora Raina or Aleah Raina?
Implantation bleeding or period?
What are my chances of being pregnant help I'm 16?
guilty pleasure girls names from a game?
Should I be worried? pregnancy?
Which girl name: Colette or Victoria?
If a man is infertile does that mean that he has no sperm?
Aleah grace or Aleah Raina?
TEENS: do you have a job?:)?
31 weeks pregnant bad diarrea and cramping?
What is your opinion of \Job\?
my son has a problem.?
what boy name is the best on this lst?
Could I possibly be pregnant?
In need of baby name ideas!?
Can anyone help me??? Please???
After taking an Ipill, is it safe to have sex till the time one gets the induced period?
TTC, what are the chances that I am pregnant? Detailed question;?
My application form for a Maternity Exemption Certificate?
which name is better.?
How would you feel if your 22 years old daughter is dating 34 years old man?
How should Is spell this name ? x?
Could my friend be pregnant?
39 weeks 2 days pregnant. still No contractions and no Dilation?
Can anyone relate to this or know anything about what I'm experiencing????? Help please!!?
Six weeks and 2 days pregnant question.?
I'm so thirsty but can't drink?
cervix and cervical stitch with pregnancy,need someone with similar experience or knowledge of this issue to r?
What do you think of the boy name Maxim?
Interested in adopting a child, but unable to afford thousands and thousands of dollars. Any advice?
I m 23 yrs old n 5.7 height. i m thin tell me how to waight gain . tell me every way that i find?
What people think of this baby name?
Sweet 16 Help!!! Please!?
What are your thoughts on the name Ziva?
What's the date of birth of Kristina Bazan?!?
Which name goes best?
Teen maternity clothes?
Am I pregnant? Please help?
Good boys names to go with Cressida?
How long does it take for a woman whose pregnant to start showing?
Can you plesae help decide on a middle name for if we have a girl?
How do I convince my parents to be a model? (TEEN)?
Parents not making child go to school?
why would a 16 boy want a baby?
Can you please help decide on a middle name for if we have another boy?
keep feeling sick. am I pregnant?
keep feeling sick. am I pregnant?
Baby Name Combinations?
Plan B/ Pregnancy question!?
Should an obese pregnant woman try to lose weight during pregnancy?
what does it mean to have a dream about a baby boy?
Need some answers ASAP!?
Missed my bus and really scared?
? Evan or Zachary for this baby?
22 weeks and and 2 days pregnant?
Should I even waste money on a preg test?
i had a dream about having a baby boy and it felt so real?
I do not want kids....but?
Will I get in trouble for taking my kids abroad?
Could we have twins?
Help on looking after kids..?
What should I name my future kids?
Can any one please tell me the meaning of the name \Mahinth\?
i had a dream about having a baby boy?
did I miscarry? opinions please!?
IF YOU WERE ON DEPO N DIDNT GET IT N HAD SEX TWO DAYS YOUR PEEIOD CAME IS IT POSSIBLE TOO BE PREGNANT?
Which baby name is the nicest?
My boyfriend and I had unprotected sex two days in a row but today I got my period could I still be pregnant?
Alora or Aleah baby girl no 2?
Alora or Aleah baby girl no 2?
Hi friends, I blessed with a baby girl Please tell me astrologically & numarically name is suitable ?
Kind of panicking, 7 weeks pregnant.?
How is everyone in the world not depressed?
When i will be pregnant?
what do you think about child labour ?
i want a baby so much.......and im 17?!?!?!?
i am pregnant but I don't feel it?
period with pregnancy?
how do you picture the name Eugene?
I had sex 3 days before my period and then I missed it for the month. Am I pregnant?
I had unprotected sex 2 weeks ago and now my period is two days late. I'm a poor college student.?
What's your opinionon these names; eugena, eugenia,?
HCG levels rising enough?
what are some good ways to exercise for pregnant women? Im 29 weeks?
Baby slow weight gain?
Normal for breast to leak at 19weeks?
not sure if im pregnant i feel a hard spot kinda on bottom of belly button?
Speech about clock for 4 years old?
is it ok that my 4 year old sister always call me \mom\?
Normal for breast to leak at 19weeks?
my son is 15 next month and only 4 ft 6 in tall, he wears age 11 clothes. I am 5 ft 6 and his dad is 6 ft.?
8 days late, no sign of period but negative tests?
Advice pls on adoption until I finish college?
Is there a possibility that I could still be pregnant?
When adopting through foster care, what would be the daycare requirements? Would grandparents be acceptable?
Which name do you prefer?
where you born why you did born?
I called my sister fat? & now she avoids me? What do I do?
Scared i might be pregnant?
What are my chances being pregnant month off of BC?
It's impossible for me to get pregnant. Help!?
what would be good name for a short guy in a story?
What do you think of this girl name?
What do you think of the names Madison & Paris?
does it sound like i could be pregnant?
Can I have these baby names?
What do you think of the name Anwen?
Am I pregnant? What should I do!?
Do I have a possibilty of being pregnant?
Maybe I should specify Guinevere is a baby girls first name. We need a cute middle name?
How can I get the lice out of my little sisters head?! We have tried everything!!!?
Which baby name do you think is better?
Epidural causing problems still after two months?
Epidural hurting after two months did I sign for this?
is it possible to get pregnant even though i had my period?
What's a cute name that flows well with Guinevere ?
I want to name my little girl Marnie but we can't thinpk of any middle names that flow! Can you?
teen girl addicted to porn?
I spanked my daughter too hard?
Pregnancy scare...help?
I know I'm pretty but I'm just too shy?
Twin BOY NAMES ASAP PLEASE????!!!?
35+ weeks early labour?
ladies who have been pregnant are these signs of pregnancy?
twin boy names ASAP??????!!! ASAP PLEASE!!!?
Confused, need help please!?
I might be pregnant, I need people's help, please!!?
Could I be pregnant? I'm on birth control?
Why am I not pregnant??
Am I pregnant? 10 points please help?
Am I pregnant??? Urgent please help?
Give me goods names of Beauty parlour in word & attract name?
Am I pregnant or not?
Twin boys name?????!!!!?
I'm 28 week pregnant. my Hbis10.1gm for a week. what can be the causes for this?
Wilfred as a middle name?
Can you be pregnant if you have your period?? plz help!!!?
Im just woundering why im getting a whitish discharge, my partner and I are trying for a baby.?
How does a woman known she is pregnant?
I think my egg has been implanted how many days after that should I wait to take a pregnancy test?
anyone know about the cow and gate ready made milk?
have had the implanon in for nearlly two years whats the chances of falling pregnant and do chemist tests work?
What the hell is with some girls!!!?
Can you wax your va-ga while heavily pregnant?
How does an infant known his father?
Why is it better to take a pregnancy test first thing in the morning?
Menstruration for more than 2 weeks?
If you were 24 would you date a 20 yr old single mom who you got along with and was fun?
I have to be apart from my 1 1/2 yr. old \nursing\ baby..?
Teens: What is your latest injury?
If your child killed your dog would you punish him and how or would you just get another dog?
Could i be pregnant? opinions? advice?
Please rate these baby names (:?
What do you think of this name for a baby boy?
Getting induced due to baby measuring small, any advice?
stabbing pain all in lower belly and lower back PLEASE READ OMG!?
Opinions on these names?
Trying to conceive, looking for advice?
Would the name Fuggof be good for a boy? I like it cause its original (I made it up) but my wife hates it!?
What to do about a mom longing for the days when her children were kids?
Middle names for my baby boy ?
need help what to do if i know my 20 year old son want me to catch him j******off?
How do I get my 4-year-old girl to sleep well at night?
My baby is 4 months old..she born in germany..but for me didn't have enough milk ..?
am i pregnant? or is it an irregular period? an early sign that my period is coming?
after i have my baby vaginal..... how long does it take to get your tubes tide?
I am Orthodox Christian. I am looking for very nice Bible name of my baby girl. Do you think you can help?
Could I possibly be pregnant?
How do I make myself more sexually attractive ?
im 21 and i want a baby.?
How's this baby boy name?
Help!! How can I ask a guy to Sadie's dance?!!?
Another baby name game!!?
How do I stop wanting a baby?
So i have a vibrator now, parents don't know, our relationship?
Can the gyno tell if your a virgin? Is there other ways to explain your hymen breaking?
What should I think of a girl now 18 says she was a prostitute when she was 14 and 15 years old?
Help me find a name for my characters?
Should I wash all my sons stuff before he's born?
What would you name your future children?!?
I'm having urges to self harm. How do I tell the guidance counselor?
7 month and feeling sharp pains?
Help I need to know can my gf be pregnant? please I'm stressed about this?
Middle name help for Katerina, please?
How can do you help a girl in labor ?
I need some opinions and help!!! (pregnancy)?
Middle name help for Sterling, please?
what do you think of these names?
Suggestions for potty training a stubborn boy?
2 yr old w diarrhea I called her doctor and he told me to give her pedialyte etc and if she vomits anymore?
What is the likelihood of being pregnant?
Unprotected sex on ovulation days?
Late Period but Negative Blood Test?
My 11 month old fell of my bed.?
Things to do in spare time?
I want to be a stay at home mom, but I'm only 20?
Fav. name starting with S?
Sex never feels good ...?
need baby boy/girl names (first/middle names)?
My 9 month old gets red cheeks and has a bump on her lip.?
I am six months? and i need to get abortion in Bangalore..... can u pls suggest me a clinic.?
What do you think of the name Kevin Rudy for a boy?
Can you do this with baby names?
Can a woman get preg having sex on her period ?
I need a character's name?
is there any way i can help my 6 month old baby boy sleep longer hours through the night?
what are some good middle names for these two boy names?
What is a good name for...?
How to have s*x for first time? Give steps from starting to end... Plz mention everything. I am a virgin boy.?
I need to make sure she's not pregnant..?
I am 15 and want a baby?
why dose my toddler squeeze his butt closed and hide to poop he pees fine in toilet but wont pooh?
What do you think of these names?
when is the last hour?
Could you pick your favorites from each group?
My gf is 3 days late on her period. Is she pregnant?
What do contractions to tell if your about to go into labor feel like.?
I'm 15 and want a baby?
i need really important advice...?
My daughter has this weird rash. Please Help!!?
Weird names?????????????*not expecting, collecting(:?
Teens who have glasses..?
How to stop Diarrhea on a toddler?
Kevynn for a girls name?
What is a good unique nickname for me?
My Period Is 2Days Late But I Have No Pregnancy Symptoms.....?
middle name for Lydia?
is it wrong that I'm 17 and desperately want a baby?
Pregnant and belly button hurts when baby puts pressure there?
Pregnant and belly button hurts when baby puts pressure there?
is it wrong that I'm 17 and desperately want a baby?
How to stop a 12 year old boy from wetting his bed?
help understanding this question?
Nicknames for Hannah?
Why is daughter rebellious?
why am i so dammn lazy?
18 AND PREGNANT... HOW DO I TELL MY PARENTS?
How do you pronounce the name \Chole\?
I been trying to get pregnant?
I didn't get pregnant, does that mean I'm infertile?
Is it Bad if Someone's Trying to Sell Their Child Outside Toys 'R' Us?
Could I be pregnant?
What do you think of these names?
Should A 13 Year Old Be Having Sex?
Can anyone help me with my due date ?
whats the difference between the combination of rap(e) combined with mutilation and infant circumcision?
Should my 14 year old friend have sex?
This baby is killing me and this pregnancy is really annoying my husband?
Any tips on inducing labor. ?
Is it normal for my baby to kick hard a lot everydays?
15 mo old crying hysterically at bedtime.?
can I get pregnant on my period?
Early pregnancy signs?
My 18 month old keeps vomiting?
Opinion on my future children names! And what are your future children's names?!?
When does a pregnant women produce breastmilk?
How do these names sound good for siblings?
do I use a new condom after checking it during sex?
A plane passenger recently slapped a crying toddler. What would U do if this man lived near you?
Is there a 13 year old boy that is single?
Which baby boy name flows better?
Am I pregnant if this happens?
my penis curbs like a candy cane and when i get hard it hurts?
Have a tradition of naming my bongs. Help me name this one?
pregnancy and ovulation ?
Help can't fall asleep at all?
Is my mom trying to control my life (i'm 20)?
what do i do about a 6yr old refusing to wear pull ups?
Is 14 hours too late for the plan b?
help with pumping breastmilk? so confused?
Baby boy names beggining with R?
Can my gf be pregnant???? Im worried!!!?
Could I be pregnant??
I hate my parents? And i need some honest advice because there is no one to talk to?
Unknown father of my child and welfare?
Is it possible that I am pregnant?
Daughter is being rebellious?
took plan b 2 days before period & 4 days late now. please help?
how can a mother who just gave birth test negative for opiates and the newborn baby test positive for opiates?
how long being on maternity leave?
which name do you like? each gender?
(tmi) diarrhea in relation to labour? (38 wks)?
How can i convince my mom to let me get a set of movies on my kindle?
Should I terminte pregnancy or not?
In louisiana can any doctor tell my mom if im a virgin or not?
Do you think this would be weird?
can I be pregnant with no symptoms?
7 year old drinking from a bottle?
how to get my mom to let me have a twitter?
Pregnancy, very nervous I need help!!?
Please I'm freaking out. What are the odds of her being pregnant.?
(tmi) diarrhea in relation to labour?
How many days to get my baby's birth certificate by mail, pittsburgh pa?
Could I be pregnant!?
Would you invite this person over, or not?
Please help me with my niece ?!?
My BF was crying. How do I comfort him?
When should I take my pregnancy test?
How long should yellow discharge last after giving birth?
What do you think of the name Heidi?
I'm freaking out..Am I pregnant?
Opinions on the name boy's name Eamon?
I took a HPT and it was positive! What would my due date range be? I have no idea when I ovulated.?
What are some cute baby boy namea?
Am I A Normal Teenager ?
I'm very confused????
Showered with boyfriend... Pregnancy scare?
Would you ever name your child after a favourite movie character?
my 6 year old has mollscum?
Your fav. name starting with Q or Z?
Which name for a male English Bulldog?
Getting induced 41 weeks?
Which middle name would you put with Jay?
Faint positive am I pregnant?
So i had unprotected sex & wanted to know if i could be pregnant since i am on the depo shot?
teens: how cold is it near you?
Could I be pregnant? Half a line on the test?
Character name: Audra or Audrey?
middle names for Lydia?
What is a cool thing to do after school with your \fun\ uncle?
Benefits of being a young mom?
So i had unprotected sex & could i be pregnant since i am on the depo shot?
Which name do you like better for a baby boy?
My daughter hit the back of her head and her nose started 2 bleed?
is it a good idea to split my kids up?
For the past 3 months my periods has been only 3 days then spots then its over this month Ive been bestfriends?
why is my male teacher acting so strange?
what are some meals for my 7th month old?
g/g twin name combos?
Faint line now digital no?
I'm 15 and I got a girl pregnant what do I tell my dad and mum I know I know I'm dumb?
Guy: I'm nervous to masturbate.?
Is my girlfriend pregnant please help me!?
does anything happen if you keep sucking in ur belly ?
I need some serious advice about my period?
in your opinion, what completes the sibset?
names to go with Grace?
Pregnant?? help me Please....?
Tumblr User names idea's?
Pregnant women and mommys, help?
Prenatal vitamin and pregnancy help?!?
someone plz answer with helpful opinions?
Does anyone know any cute baby names?
What happens if you shower with your boyfriend and he cums on your chest and some gets into your vagina?
what am I supposed to do?!?!?
breast feeding concerns?
What do you all think?
can I be pregnant? and how likely?
How ta get rid of a pregnancy with out going ta d clinic or letting my parents know?
Which middle name would you put with John?
how would you deal with a defiant child?
Which boy's name do you like best?
can i be pregnant?a lot of info?
i dont know what to do?
Kid ate food off car floor?
Teens: What questions do you hate being asked?
My 5 yr old brother doesn't like eating? He complains, etc. Stupid excuses?
Please help pregnant? See pic?
Which middle name would you use for Carlos?
Can I stop this if I'm pregnant?
I got pregnant a week before I turned 15 last April. I miscarried in June. But now I am not so sure?
Between these names, which would you choose?
What do you think of Tiger Moms theory of parenting? (in description)?
Is the word , random , being used too ...ahh ... randomly...?
where can i get abortion pills online?
Middle name for Oliver?
Would you let a 16 year old go to a gig?
How often should you have sex when trying to conceive?
Things to do with mom?
Is Giving Birth Painful As It Looks?
Would taking custody of a 16 year old girl out of state help her or hurt her?
Trying to conceive and period question.?
Teens: How many siblings do you have?
School mean teacher?
Is Tegan and Damon to similar for sister and brother?
do i need a breast pump ?
How are you going to influence your kids when you get older?
Am I the only one who hate K spellings and names?
What does the first actual movement feel like and how many weeks were you?
Fav. Name starting with F?
Do parents love their kids the same?
Opinions on these boy names?
What would you name 12 kids?
I had unprotected sex could i be pregnant?
Only with my boyfriend for a month before we got pregnant having some problems? help?
why does my 2 year old daughter have trouble pooping?
Pick a name from the list?
What can I do for constipation during pregnancy?
How do you picture girls with these names?
what are some things to do at a 13 year old sleepover?
Is Catania a name of a girl?
Have you had school this week?
my 2 week old girl isnt sleep well and its eating alot shes also sweating alot and is crying extremly alot?
My sister caught me masturbating? How do I get her to stop making fun of me?
Selena or Celina??which is better?
Middle names for Devereux and Vaughn?
How do you spell Naima?
Does OHP covor ultrasounds?
I'm not sure if I'm pregnant or not?
NAME GAME: Plz Rate These Boy Names! :)?
My 15 year old son is a father?
How do i tell if im pregnant while on the pill?
Emily catchs the school bus at 7:45 a.m. she needs 30 minutes to get dressed,15 minuets o eat breakfast,and 10?
is this normal for birthing?
Please help us find middle names for our twins?
Twin Girl name ideas?
I think my labor stalled?
One side pregnancy cramping?
Could she possibly be pregnant?
Sisters having triplets, need names?
Pregnant or cycle change?
What's the difference between the mucus before your period and mucus while pregnant?
My girlfriends name is Kirsten and I want to know what's a good nickname for her?
Evap line or positive pregnancy test?
Could I be pregnant? I really need some opinions!?
17 years old ! unproected sex ! Not pregnant ? infertile ?
why do i want another baby so bad?
why do i want another baby so bad?
Could I be pregnant?
My toddler gets diarrhea from eating soup?
My girlfriend is on implanon, could she be pregnant?
I need a middle name for Tauriel?
how to get my 3 year old to eat more foods?
Names for Quadruplets?
Pregnancy after Implanon?
Teens: Do me a favor (no hard effort required)?
What did you learn from your first relationship?
i had sex well ovulating and used pull out method can i be pregnant?
PLEASE HELP ME! I GAVE MY BABY A WRONG MEDICINE?
Could I be pregnant ?
Important pregnancy question whilst on microgynon?
When do you stop growing for boys?
Can babies tell the difference between two languages?
This might be a stupid question, but...(Regarding II, or Jr. names)?
I believe my newborn has a high metabolism?
I have an important question to ask?
What names are similar to these?
I would like to know if a baby rabbit can be feed baby formula!!! and also what baby formula?
My mum won't allow me to use Johnson's Baby Lotion?
I called cps on someone who lives across the apartment complex from me... did i do the right thing?
Teens: How have you guys been?
Names like Sherlock and Mycroft from the Sherlock Holmes stories?
I need a character's name?
What kind of carseat is the next step for my son?
Am I pregnant or paranoid?
If me and my boyfriend been together since nov 26 2011 . how long have we been together?
This sibset? Three year old twins and newborn?
Is 6'5 w/ shoes too tall for a 15 year old boy?
I just fell asleep at 5pm and got up now (11pm) and now I need to get up for school at 6am?
My mum won't allow me to use Johnson's Baby Lotion?
What do y'all think of these names? Boy and Girl!?
do you think i am pregnant?
Is it wrong to leave work early?
I want to start a Vlog about my pregnancy and life as I know it. SUGGESTIONS?
Could my girlfriend be pregnant?
is 2 weeks after unprotected intercourse too early to take an at home pregnancy test?
Is that a sin if there are some regular books, other than board books, in a toddler room?
Help with boys names?
Which middle name would you use with August?
Help me with this character's name?
What are some funny sneaky things that your own children did ?
Can u still get pregnant while being on Nexplanon for two years?
Can I get pregnant if I was on my period, he pulled out, and I took plan b in 24 hours?
Baby Gift - What Size / Age Range?
So I think I might be pregnant?
Middle name help for Spencer, please.?
Which middle name would you use for Carlos?
is it illegal for a 17 yr old to have sex with 13 & 14 yr old boys?
How to get rid of persistent diaper rash?
Could I be pregnant? :)?
Do you think I am pregnant?
What do you think of the name Miranda Alice?
my 16 year old friend wants to get adopted by my father and she has parent consent. Does it cost money? If so?
Can an infant learn 5 languages at once?
Pregnant with many blood tests?
I'm 17, my girlfriend is 27... Advice?
Which names are best?
What If my infant has a bad cough?
Is there a possibility of me being pregnant?
What are your favorite girls names?
Found out I'm pregnant. Go to my GP. Then what?
Opinions on the boys name Dean and what is your fav boys name?
Are we ok? Please answer?
Hi i m 28 weeks pregnent woman my himoglobin is 9 is it normal and wht should i need to do ? Thanks?
Is she pregnant? help me!!?
Some names of flowers that are also surnames?
I need a middle name for my daughter.?
What happens if a 15 year old gets a 14 year old pregnant?
is my girlfriend pregnant?
What are the chances .... ?
lower abdominal pain at 35 weeks?
How can a baby boy be circumcised?
Working parents, what type of career do you have?
How do I convince my parents to be a Model? (TEEN)?
im confused on what to do.?
Teens: What's your favorite meal to have for dinner?
Boy names that start with ty?
Is my girlfriend pregnant?
Is it weird to want a baby?
?? What Would You Rename The Masche Family?
Which middle name would you use for Ryan?
Am I a bad mum ? I can't settle my own baby, I feel like given her away Cus I can't look after her !?
Which way do you like this name Josephine Ava or Ava Josephine?
Which middle name would you use for Carlos?
Is this common? Legal?
Question about birth control?
Could I be pregnant.?
How effective are pregnancy tests 6 weeks later?
Should I get Another Ultrasound Or Not?
im on birth control pill and me and my boyfriend had unprotected sex could i be pregnat?
My mom wants me to give up my baby I don't know what to do?
Teens What is your morning routine?
Can I get pregnant??? Please help?
piercings help............?
Teens What time do you sleep and wake up?
Uncommon, unique, not weird girl names?
Serious advice needed?
Please help me!! This is odd?
Help!!! Am I starting my period or Pregnant?
wondering if i could i be pregnant ?
9 days after labor, normal?
Places in Italy for a girl?
Im hungry?, but im not sure for what?
Where do kids go when they're taken away from bad homes?
Can you get pregnant on your period without ovulation?
My sister is naming her children horrible names?
should i ask my doctor for more ultrasound pictures?
Just curious and please answer me?
Name these 8 kids using my guilty pleasure names?
How would you feel if your 23-year-old daughter was dating a 40-year-old man?
Which of these two do you prefer?
Why all the Who Har about this name ?
what are the main factors for one to get pregnant?
I had 1 positive and 3 negative pregnancy tests and started my period. Was it a false positive?
Found weed in brothers room what do i do?
Strong, beautiful girl name?
Is there any way I can test MYSELF for HIV??!!?
Does your kid have a best friend?
Pregnancy Symptoms??
Is there a chance that I'm pregnant?
Could she be pregnant?
What would you name this girl?
I've never had sex but my period is late? Could it be my period or just bleeding because of pregnancy?
Please help with pregnancy question?
Which name is better; Katrina or Demetria?
I want to date sharkeshia and make babies with her?
What are feminine middle names for Rosie please ?
Can she still be pregnant?
What do you think of this boy name?
Make 4 girls and 3 boys from these names?
SCABIES need people with experience?
Boy names for last name Russo?
Parents what do you set your heat on?
Blood pressure slowly getting higher, history of preeclampsia?
can a woman only conceive during ovulation?
Is Kennedy a good name for a girl?
How to increase the chances of having a baby?
Middle name for Felix?
christmas survey fot you teens?
Gifts to give to moms about to be induced??
is Ira really a male's name?
What are some of the meanings of your favorite names and...?
who usually plans a baby shower?
Can she still be pregnant??
why do parents spoil they kids these days?
Can they take her child for this?
Over 35 weeks pregnant advice on thrush pessary please?
can you lose your virginity without having sex?
Could I be pregnant? Read!?
We have a middle name delima, please help!?
My 2 year ours EVERYTHING in his mouth, how do I stop it??
Teens: What's the weather like where you are?
please help hcg levels?
Can it be that I'm pregnant or is it just me being paranoid?
is a sore throat a possiable pregnancy sign?
Do most women post multiple updates on Facebook while in labor nowadays!?!?
No health insurance and need Prenatal visit?
Could my girlfriend be pregnant?
I need help naming my daughter, please? (:?
can precum get you pregnant?
Baby names with hidden meaning inside name? READ description please!?
I need help naming my daughter? Please (:?
Im only 13 and i like girls but how do i tell my mom and dad?
Middle name help for Damien, please!?
How can I get free diapers?
What are your thoughts on inviting childless friends/coworkers to baby's first birthday party?
Would i be better giving my school aged child her Birthday presents before or after school do you think?
First signs and symptoms of pregnancy?
GUYS please help my baby?
Hair finity during pregnancy?
4 days after c section how do you feel?
Who has gotten pregnant after a tubal ligation during a c-section?
How do I make myself look older/attractive?
babysitting please help me NOW?
Do you know any autistic person who is married? If yes do they have children?
I'm having a homebirth Can i hire a Doula instead of hiring a Midwife?
what's your opinion of parents?
I'm bleeding a dark brown thing!seems like old rotten blood....what can it be?
When to vacation without the toddler?
TEENS: would you do this?
could i be pregnant?
Not Getting used to this..?
I'm 21 unmarried and i'm pregnant.?
16 and I think I'm pregnant HELP?
What would name 10 children?
could i be pregnant?
What name(s) do you dislike/hate the most?
Fetus cephalic presentation and placenta anterior low lying will i deliver before my due date?
Third Trimester.. Sharp Pains in Lower Abdomen?
baby boy name help. husband and i cannot agree. what do you think?
what was your very first symptoms of pregnancy?
Is it possible to have bleeding and still be pregnant?
What are some good pop songs?
When would be the best day to take a pregnancy test?
Spencer on a girl WDYT?
Which is better to use for protection ? Birth Control Pills or the shot to not get pregnant for a while ?
Middle Name That Goes With Lyza?
I feel so alone with pregnancy...?
For the ladies to answer.. Did pregnancy/breastfeeding change sexual desires?
I had sex 4 days before my period, I can be get pregnant?
Pregnancy or sick question?
is there a chance I'm pregnant?
Do parents have the right to take their child's money away, even when the work and make their own money?
Question about names and genders?
my 18 year old brother gets babied so much by my mom, Am I being unreasonable?
Am I pregnant?? Please Read!?
someone help please ???
Pink Thick Gooey Discharge?
How can I tell if my teenage daughter is sexually active?
how do play dates at age 5 work?
Which name: Lena Catherine or Lena Charlotte?
Is it pointless to take your BBT while still on birth control?
I am trying to get pregnant - any suggestions on things we should be doing?
What are some first names you would put with each middle name?
Which boy name do you like best?
what is in a tdap vaccine while pregnant?
How do judges choose a school when there's a dispute?
Is he cheating because im pregnant?
How can I tell if my unborn baby has hair?
Can someone come up with good middle names?
Why is abortion acceptable today?
babys heart rate at 7 weeks?
can I take a test now? or keep waiting? so anxious!!?
Can I teach my 14 month old to stop screaming/shouting?
How do you say the name Eloise?
Pregnant. normal discharge?
What would you name 5 boys using these names?
as a breastfeeding mama i got my cycle back at 6wks postpartum...?
What's the chance that I could be pregnant?
Chances that I maybe pregnant?
Which name do you prefer?
Help with a baby name.?
What woukd you pick abortion or keep?
Why does my chocolate lab rub/push the top of her head against me?
during ovulation if egg is fertilized will it still come for the rest days?
He made a mistake now she's pregnant. He doesn't want to be with her. Need advice.?
What do you do when you are stuck inside all day long with toddlers?
Is it too early to take a pregnancy test?
Names for twins and matching up names?
Help us pick/rate our baby boy's name!!?
Could I be pregnant?! Help please!?
how to get 5 year old to EAT?
What are some places?
Twins: thoughts, opinion, rate?
Am I pregnant? Please help?
is it normal for a father to want to watch his new born baby come out?
Unique and beautiful names with nicknames?
Current Moms and Dads:?
should i be mad that my sister inlaw is having a big birthday party for my neice and i cant for my daughter ?
Is it normal for me as step daddy of two to be nervous of my own first child?
My Morning sickness Is Unbearable … What can I do ?
Opinions on the girls name Nancy?
What two girl names would you eliminate from this list?
Im 18 dating a 14 year old, read details?
What can i do for this to stop??
Am I Pregnant? Negative Test with First Response but 2 Positives with CB?
Am I Pregnant? Negative Test with First Response but 2 Positives with CB?
What are some pros and cons of having kids about 15 or so months apart?
What should I do about my son and daughter (incest)?
How do I stay awake while babysitting?
Just found out my new fella has got a girl pregnant?
Which girl \L\ name is best?
The Virginity Is Strong With ThisOne ?
Am I Pregnant or Paranoid?
What time should a kid thats 11 go to bed?
I will be picking up from school @ pm, bring her home until 6:30 pm feed her snack and supper .?
Middle names for the girls name Lainey?
Why does my youngest son always shame my family?
I have a serious question. Can someone pleas help?
i am 15 and pregnant. is there a legal way i can move out of my parents house without their consent?
is there another way of getting pregnant?
Has anyone had Eclampsia during pregnancy?
Is this good or bad parenting?
Can I call child procection services.?
15 weeks pregnant and I'm have an earache! Who do I contact?
do i have a high chance of getting pregnant six month after giving birth?
I had hope I was pregnant but I got my period?
someone answer this it might get confusing im sorry?
Am I pregnant? Help me please!?
Wife is worried our son with think she's \ easy\?
Two hours later would be as long until midnight?
Wife is worried our son will think she's \ easy\?
I'm pregnant and for some reason my nose ring had become really irritated!?
Cold feet and toes during pregnancy?
parents, would you ever read your teens diary?
Madison for a boy, yay or nay?
Do you think its safe to leave a 10 & 12 yr old at city skate park til 11pm on Sat night?
Does your health history counts for artificial insemination?
Exotic middle names with Nina?
Can Contraceptive help to stop spotting?
hcg in My system after one day?
Is it hygenic to sit on grass?
Is there any contraceptive pill which can be taken after 72 hours?
which is better soap for my baby johnson's baby soap, himalaya or parachute's sparsh?
My last period started 15/16th November and finished 20th Nov. due to the ovulation calendar, I ovulated from?
Gestational Diabetes Test Reults...?
How do you feel about the names Isleen and Sabrina?
Which name for my boy.... arnav or sahil?
Why shouldnt you take revenge on someone?
Why am i turned off by this?
Please give me correct information..?
I really, really suck at names...?
Middle names for these?
Am i Pregnant im really scared about this PLEASE help im only 15 i dont want to be pregnant?
I want to help children with desabled parents?
Is it acceptable to allow a child under 5 to drink decaf coffee?
What's a good name to go with Cody for twins?
Who is the cyber bully? The daughter or her mom?
Can I find a family to adopt me ?
My daughter is petrified of needs please help!?
Middle name for Alice?
how long do it take to get pregnant after stopping depo shot i had my last shot in july?
Character Name Ideas?
Could I be pregnant again?
Is my daughter to active?
What are the chances of getting pregnant each cycle?
How to make labor less painful?
What should I do?? Please read?
I need good advice thanks?
Hot Cheetos?!? 10 year old throwing up?!?
Name to go with this sibset?
I am due in a month, is there anything to do to prepare my 23 month old for a new baby?
Would anyone actually name their daughter Lolita?
:( why is this happening !!!?
In India, are parents allowed to beat up their kids ?
Im 2 months pregnant and im getting very bad cramps?
BBT Chart Question. Cd 15?
Huxley and Maverick for boys Penelope and Tabitha for girls! U like?
first response pregancy test faint line right next to the clear line?
any tips on telling babys position 38 weeks pregnant?
What does the name Arthur Higgins remind you of?
What would you name 5 girls (using my guilty pleasure names)?
Contraceptive implant, unprotected sex after 3 weeks?
Confused over relationship with my baby's father?
ttc convinced im pregnant but am i?
Need good advice! Could i be pregnant?
is there still a good chance i could be pregnant if i had sex a day or two before my ovulation days ?
When you have sex on your period, won't the sperm expelled along with the blood of your period?
What could this be? It's so weird!?
im so excited i hope im pregnant?
Which do you like best Andrew Luke or Andrew Kyle if you had to choose?
too much vitamin c in early pregnancy?
Which do you prefer Robert or Roberto?
Likelihood of pregnancy if we are having sex every day?
likelihood of pregnancy if we are having sex every day?
Is 28 ounces of formula a good amount for a 6 month old?
Can anyone give me a correct answer?
pregnant on depo provera?
Which name for my boy....sahil or aditya or arnav?
can you still be pregnant even though you get a negative test?
Could I get pregnant during my period?
What are the chances?
Faint line or mind playing tricks on me?
My mom never shuts up, EVER!?
Am I pregnant I need help please?
What name is the best Francheska, Julia, or Bella?
can i get pregnant if he doesn't come inside?
I am So Scared I won't hear My baby crying at night!?
11 year old girl pregnant?!?
what do you think of these names?
Could I be pregnant?!!! ARGENT! I'm stressing heaps!!!!!?
What do you think you think of these name?
I'm pregnant and am experiencing severe dizziness and blackouts?
I need more opinion guys, chances of pregnancy Please I'm stressing so much :/?
Gurgling/bubbly noises from stomach and?
am 8 months of preagnant and my baby is weak give be some advice what i can do?
confused! pregnant or not pregnant?
my sister in law cheated to some guy. She had kids but yet doesn't act like mom. help?
Conception > pregnancy?
i had sex today with o