Multiple choice- Which ionic equation is correct? Chemistry help?
Are haploid cells made from diploid cells?
May you please help me find the molar mass of the compound?
simplify 8 exp-2*4 exp2?
A student wasn't sure which of the following two equations is the correct one for the decomposition?
Help with a Physics Problem: Determining where a charge can be placed on a line?
Math permutation/combination question help (grade 11)?
Why in a transformer(Step Up),high voltage leads to low current?please answer...?
Algebra multiple answer question: The equation y=-x+4 is the boundry line for the inequality y<-x+4...?
what is better way to revise in maths?
Is a zombie apocalypse possible, if so what are the odds of it happening?
Which relationship is closest to the relationship “Galaxies to Universe”?
how to find the shortest distance from the origin to the plane (vectors)?
what is the inverse of f(x) = x(log_2 x)?
C2 maths circle geometry?
How to solve limits ?
Why their is so much fuzz between particles and waves and not other entities...?
chemistry conversion factors?
Why do people deny the Moon Landing?
Chemistry Help !? :)?
What is really Area 51?
Self antigen will be destroyed?
Chemistry Homework Help! :)?
How to figure out Kc equilibrium moles?
Why will zinc plating still protect steel against corrosion even if the zinc is scratched?
a math question ( i need help D: )?
What is air pollution?
what is metal pollution?
how do you derive -2arccos(2x)?
An arithmetic progression has the first term a and common difference -1....?
Sequence help please!?
What kind of traits do I have?
Please explain what the signs mean in this question? (set theory)?
can you please help me make this more formal ; same ideas but make the gamma better and make it sound better.?
Where is just for tere liye?
Probability Question please help?
Was the moon placed by extraterrestrial technology?
Find the equation of the circles passing through (3,7) and tangent to the lines x-3y+8=0 and y=3x?
What is aquatic pollution?
helpp with genetics please show work?
math help for explanation?
help with genetics full pts show work please?
A cylinderico tube of copper whoz dens z 8.9kg/m^3.exteno diamter2.5cm,0.4cm thick.find mass of a 1 metr lenth?
Give a a brief outline of the erosional activities of a river?
select the x cooridinate of the vertex of the parabola defined by the function f(x)=-5+9x+1?
Can someone help me with my math homework(algebra)?
How could a laser be useful underwater?
Arithmetic progression?
What would happen if I took all these vitamins at the same time?
Can we find the numbers with the help of their H.C.F & L.C.M?
Hanging mass and simple harmonic motion?
math help for expkanation pls?
How do I solve this Linear Equation please?
math help for explanation pls?
Math Help (Arithmetic Series)?
Finding functions for sin and cosine graphs?
Calculate the final temperature of 50 mL of water...?
What's with daylight savings?
Math Combinatorics Question Help!! Easy points?
Chemistry Help!. If we really obtained elements from another solar system, would you expet there to be 116 new?
What will happen from 60 20 mg fluoxetine pills?
Who is Paul Dirac and what about his work?
need help on physics homework?
Who are these psychics that channel a being called Orion?
PHYSICS: What is the angular velocity of a 8.5 stpper?
PHYSICS: What is the radius of a barrel ride if the minimum tangential velocity..?
Basic Chemistry questions? I have no clue :/?
Is it possible to directly manipulate wattage?
would tides happen on Earth's moon if it had liquid water?
Should I wait to summon my Incubus?
How to simplify this equation?
Investigators developed a new test for condom breakage that adds cyclic strain to a level well below breakage?
Can someone please explain this math to me -- rounding significant figures in scientific notation?
Im getting blood taken, and urine taken on saturday for a diebets check. Will they be looking for thc? Or will?
A rock falls 180 m from a cliff into the ocean. How long is it in free fall?
Help with this question?
mirror question in physics?
does anyone know negative 3/4x < 6?
Total MindFu#k Question....Serious answers only please. (The Universe)?
I need help with my Chemistry Lab on Water of Hydration. Please Help!?
Business calculus math?
How long does 2 mg lorazepam have before it loses its effectivity?
what is 6(b-4)=8b-18? 5+x-3 (x+4)=-17 ? 7 (2x+6)< -28 ?
What are the roles of biology in society?
Help! Geometry perimeter problem!?
factor the following by integers?
Need some help with a nomenclature lab. What is the name of this structure?
Precal/Calc math question? Easy 10pts help?
An airplane flies eastward and accelerates uniformly. At one position along its path it has a velocity of 27.3?
I'm working with Top scientist, veterinarians, and Tony Stark to turn me into a Minotaur?
Chemistry Help Please!!!!?
Standard deviation and Variance?
Revolving a region about the x axis and finding the volume?
Help with Linear Functions?
What do all atoms of a given element have the same number?
copper silver nitrate reaction?
The final score of a hockey game is 4 to 3. How many different scores could there have been?
For x^2 + 19x + c, determine the value of c...?
Determine the roots of the equations...?
What is 33 1/3% of what number is 21?
Help with temperature?
Chemistry Help Please!?
What would happen if a person's homologous chromosomes were identical?
statistics: Probability! 10 pts best answer?
Help with Algebra hw!! Please read!?
Complex numbers Algebra?
find the width of lot?
Find the difference quotient for each function and simplify it.?
Why are people so afraid of pitbulls?
Calc 3 question, please help?
Electricity, series and parallel circuits?
What should I expect to see with binoculars at night ?
Plzz answer the questions below?
How do blowholes work?
Question about Distributing the negative sign?
if sine theta < 0, where would the terminal side of the angle be located?
Is the solution to this math problem correct?
Need help with algebra 2/trig?
Use CAS or wolfarmalpha to solve final equation(just set up equation and write the answer)?
trigonometry question. triangles?
what is an introduced species?
If one needs a blood transfusion, is it worse to get the wrong blood type or go without the transfusion?
Are these good A-levels to take if I want to study medicine?
Set Notation Help (Giving best answer and thumbs up!)?
How do I get THC out of system?
I smoked weed for the first time last week on Friday and I have a drug test in 2 days will I be fine?
what can i use in place of a breadboard to mount on a robot that is rugged and durable?
physics 11 apparent weight question Please help?
on a calculator how can you tell if a number is exact or approximate?
Can someone give me info on the San andres fault and mid oceanic ridge?
Calculus calculating volume using slicing method?
Sharp calculator giving wrong answer?
Determining if the binary operation is commutative and/or associative (picture of problem)?
Find the mass of PCl3?
Please help me solve these equations? I promise 10 points?
Define astronomical unit, ecliptic plane, and axis tilt. Explain how each is related to earths rotation?
Find the limit of the function f(x) = cos(sec x) /(x + 1), as x --> 0.?
Can the real and hyperreal numbers be quanticized?
How do you factor this expression: 24x^2-3x-9?
Simple geometry need reason?
What is the common denominator of 3/x + 1?
Math! Pop quiz! Ready?
I need help with the exponential decay problem below, it has to do with half life. Please Help?
Assistance on a math equation!?
Can someone please help me with understanding graphing quadratics??
what is one fact about each of the 9 major land biomes that make them unique from other biomes?
train travels 42 kilometers in 15 minutes. How far will the train travel in 3 hours at that speed?
What volume of 0.765 M H3PO4 is required to exactly neutralize 2.000 g of calcium hydroxide?
Why do people think there are cities on Mars?
Evaluate the integral 16 sin^6 x cos^3 x dx answer in simplest form?
Calculus homework help?
how to solve conditional probability?
Calculate the concentration of the base?
Find the dimensions of a rectangle with the given specifications?
hyperbolic function?
Math Calculus- 3-term Taylor?
Hottest temperature ever recorded on earth?
COLDEST TEMPERATURE ever recorded on earth?
What is the [H3O+] concentration if the pOH of a solution is 5.15....?
A. What cross will be best to find out if the red-eyed fruit flies are homozygous.?
Mean, Variance, Standard Deviation Question. Please help?
Describe one of the structures inside the chloroplast and describe the role it plays in photosynthesis.?
Algebra Help with Polynomials !?
Calculate the [H3O+] concentration of the final solution, if: 28.0 mL of 15.0 M HNO3 is diluted to 1.0 L?
word problem answer is 80+4 sqrt(29)?
!!!!!!!!!ALGEBRA HELP!!!!!!!!!!!?
Math Calculus 2- Please help?
what are my independent and dependent variables in this experiment?
Does anyone know where these wires go what the solder points are I tried touching the particles together but?
Can you reconstruct a convex 3D object from its silhouette?
Why is it that when the continental crust is thicker, its top will rise higher above the water and bottom?
what is the average leakage current between the plates?
Find all possible x and y intercepts of (x-1)^2+(y-2)^2=9?
How many points of inflection are there?
what does evolve mean in biology (10 points for the best answer)?
Convert 7/11 to a percent . Round the answer to the nearest tenth .?
what is the role of the membrane in cell diffusion transport?
The greenhouse effect?
Calculus help please?
What do you notice about the value of 16t2 as t gets larger?
how much is one inch of snow?
Is it possible to determine the volumetric rate of flow of a river by observing the flow of the surface?
10 POINTS : State the vector space where (2,-1) and (sqrt,pi) are elements.?
Screw The lever arm of the jackscrew is 80 cm and its pitch is 2 cm. A 2,000 kg load is raised by applying?
If f(x) = x^2 ? square root (x) + 2, find f?'(x).?
Quadratic application problem (Norman Window)?
little help here pls!A car travelling at 30 km/h will skid 1 m when its brakes are locked. If the same car is?
Grade 10 math question about factoring?
Consider a random sample X1, X2, ...., Xn from a Normal Distribution with mean (mu) and Variance 2.?
little help here!! Aurel makes his girlfriend a romantic candlelight dinner and tops it off with a dessert o?
Thermodynamics question?
If ex-fy = g+hy, find the ratio of x to y?
Another thermodynamics question: find pressure?
Thermodynamics question: find final pressure?
what is the differential of this function??
For the reaction: N2O2 (g) ? N2 (g) + O2 (g) ...Calculate Keq?
Geometric series homework, please help?
Determine which equations are linear or nonlinear. (Differential equations)?
question for those with neurological problems?
If human body temp is 98.6 why are we not burning everything and everyone to the touch?
Grade 11 factoring help!?
what is the derivative of arccsc(secx)?
Need help with finding derivative of integral function?
how do you balance skeleton equations?
How many atoms does BeCl2 have?
How to find the zeros of this function by factoring? TEN POINTS!!?
How much ethylene glycol (C2H6O2) must be added to 1 L of water to keep it?
Chemistry / Math Help?!? Im sooo confused :/?
If light travels so fast, how come it's never caught a ninja?
Does a radar dish have a constant angular elevation?
Calculate ?G for this reaction. Which direction is favoured at this temperature?
Why are people with blue eyes more susceptible to eye cancer?
similar medication for Carafate oral suspension?
does a plus b equal c?
What seperates different frames of reference from each other?
Elements and Compounds? Help?!?
A 0.66 M solution of a weak acid HA is 3.35 % ionized.?
you snort? I do not know what that is?
What came first, the egg or the first egg laying animal?
How do i create a nuclear bomb?
Whats going on? Weird stream flow from faucet..?
which is snorted? 've heard many people talking today and asked me.?
x^3*y + xy^3 <= x^4 + y^4 prove?
How can I check up on my cousin when it's snowy out?
HELP WIT MY MATHHH!!!!!!!!?
Mean and first quartile...10pts?
When do you know it's too cold out?
Define the phylum porifira?
How do I solve this math problem?
What is organic chemistry!?
How/why does Mercury from light bulbs stay as a gas even at room temp?
A 25 g string is under 20 N of tension. A pulse travels the length of the string in 50 ms.?
tangential velocity and the speed of light...?
Help with pre-calculus studying?
In what region of the spectrum would you expect red phenolphthalein to absorb light?
A +3.0 nC charge is at x=0 cm and a -1.0nC charge is at x = 4cm.?
stemplot read it???10 pts?
Electricity, series and parallel circuits?
in order to make 180 grams of hydrofluoric acid how many grams of ammonia would you need?
I have 2 math problems please help!?
Simplify without the use of a calculator?
whats is the difference between microbiology and biomedical science?
whats is the difference between microbiology and biomedical science?
The restriction enzyme EcoR1 recognizes the DNA sequence GAATTC. Which DNA strands will be cut by EcoR1?
A good plasmid for gene cloning will?
easy ten points!!!! physical science.?
What is 3.92 written as a percent?
(3/5) exp3 what is the answer?
Please help with ideal gas law and van der waals?
What is the most difficult concept in Physics?
PLEASE HELP WITH THIS MATH PROBLEM!!!?
What is this place? I know it's in iceland but what is it?
Like the Great Red Spot, why doesn't other gas giants have some spots?
Maths help needed! With step by step method?
What are the dangers of space walking?
Math Question I need help on?
Determine the concentration of each of the individual ions in a 0.750 M (NH4)2S solution.?
Most high producing lactating cows experience in early lactation a negative energy balance. This is due to the?
Science question please help?
MATH HELP?! Time, Velocity, Distance?!?
How can I know that everything around me isn't just a hologram??!!?
Euler's method question help please?
Question About Permutations. At Least 1 __?
For biologists and doctors?
Two harmful pollutants found in the troposphere?
how long does it take for radium to produce radon gas?
What is the average speed for the entire trip ? What is the average velocity for the entire trip?
selectthe difference of (8x^2-3x^2)-(-6x^2-7x^3)?
what exactly is baryonic dark matter?
Calculate the efficiency of an incandescent light bulb that takes 250 J of electrical energy ..... etc ASAP?
Electricity question, Calculate the cost....... Asap?
Can anyone teach me how to do this kinematics (car) question?
Why does America have cities named after other cities?
interesting physics topix?
How do you figure out this problem?
What could be the Y-Axis in a chromatogram at a Flame Ionization Detector?
What kind of rock is this? w/pictures?
Cortisone injection in shoulder?
evaluate line integral?
what is the purpose of a neutron in a atom?
Science question please help.?
Base conversion help?
What do you think About the four blood moons?
Unsure of how they got their answer?
How would you describe the ticklish feeling?
An ice skater throwing balls?
PLEASE help me now for people having kind hearts.. please?
Surfaces of Revolution. Let S be the surface formed by rotating the region under the graph?
Discuss whether the method of treating the missing data as zero values is appropriate?
Help with 2 maths questions - percentages?
Partial diffraction help!?
Physics: dementional analysis?
Magnetic Force Acting on Current Carrying Wire due to an External Magnetic Field?
math (functions) help?
Please solve 2x^2 + 3x -65 =0?
choose the correct answer chemistry help please?
Estimating energy changes for an escalator (Physics SL)?
Isn't delta V the same thing as the final speed minus the initial speed over the time? ?
Please tell me, are dolphins fish?
An airline company is considering a policy of booking as many as 194 persons on an airplane that can seat 180.?
Mass falling of a wagon?
What is dark Energy & dark Matter?
How are maps determined?
How old do you have to be to work as a emt?
How to solve an equation for x?
Thermal laminating films?
What are the IUPAC name for the following organic compounds?
Why are African animals in general far larger than their Asian counterparts?
Exam revision question for kinematics, I can't get this question right and exam coming help please?
Spell to break them up?
Could some add this up please?
What is the cause of lactose intolerance?
find the equation of the circle that is circle that is concentric with x^2 + y^2 - 4y = 5 and passes through t?
What does Spinal nerves include?
what are the solutions to 95x5 - 4x4 - 4x3 - 4x2 - 4x - 114 = 0?
Is Deodorant Alien technology?
What is the difference between the functions of the medulla oblongata and pons?
Elimination Method help?
Tidal affect of the Moon?
Consider the function f : [0, 1] -> [31, 41]?
Consider the following statement?
Are we all made up of just some elementary particles and energy moving or getting transferred?
For each of the following pairs of statements, one is true and the other is false?
why manufactured cellulose such as rayon is used in industries instead of natural cellulose?
Empty tank for storing water 4rm a borehole has a volume of 480meter cubic.if it is filled by a pump tht pump?
What is the particular solution of these differential equations ?
Manned mission to Mars, would this work?
How do you verify this trig identity: 2 csc 2u = sec u csc u?
What do you like best about rainy days?
How to integrate this question using U substitution?
how long do we have until calvera hits earth?
How to find allele frequency from genotype frequency?
PreCalc/Calc help. functions?
Determine the required ratio of ?T/T to give the waveform of FIGURE 1 a r.m.s. value of 4 volts.?
I need a poem about mantle crust lithosphere asthenophere outer core inner core and Moho?
If an alien spaceship is on the way to earth, traveling 99% the speed of light?
Calculus calculating volume using slicing method?
Would this snow in md make bowling aley close tomorrow?
HELPPP on biology hw qs?
A projectile is fired at v0 = 407.0 m/s at an angle of ? = 71.7 degrees with respect to the horizontal.?
I hear radio stations sometimes on electrical wires. Do you ever?
Two projectiles are launched from the ground simultaneously with an initial velocity 6.00m/s. The first projec?
Velocity vs Time graph from idealized impulse (rectangular Force vs Time)?
I don't know where to put alleles on punett square?
A 10 quart pail is filled in 2 minutes. What is the depth, in inches, if filled for 12 minutes?
Calculus Integral Problem?
How do Scratch n' Sniff stickers get the smell inside them?
My sony xperia C drop at 4ft, what effect may occur?
Bayes Theorem and Law of Total Probability?
Given these two reactions and the deltaH value, calculate the heat of formation of MnO2?
how to expand and simplify?
Find the ratio of the speed of light in water to the speed of light in diamond.?
You view a nearby tree in a concave mirror. The inverted image of the tree is 4.0cm high and is located 8.0cm?
A sample is found to contain 6.76 x 10[exponent is(-9)] g of salt. Express this quantity in milligrams.?
Can someone please help me with these 3 multiple choice math problems? :(?
RESONANCE PROBLEM! Help?
Tachycardia and Hypertension together - beta blocker or calcium channel blocker? Which is better?
What could happen to Identical twins if they r seperated at birth?
What hypertensive treatment would you give to a pt with coexisting CHF, high cholesterol and IDDM?
What is (5x^3)^2(2x^7)^3?
How to find the zeroes (x-intercepts)?
How to find the vertex?
THE LEFT NUMBERS R ON TOP..Simplify- 12r^10s^-7 over 4r^-2s?
Identify amplitude, period, and phase shift of?
confused about periodic table trends ?
What is the name of the device that can locate hidden water pipe lines underground?
What is the empirical formula of the unknown compound?
Hey everyone me n my friend are argueing and we want to know do sharks have knees?
Phylogenetic tree help?
Will there be school tommorow?
A cannon is mounted on a tower above a wide, level field. The barrel of the cannon is 180m above the ground be?
The boiling points of the following compounds increase in the order in which they are listed below?
Physics Question : Power?
Sin x = -(4/5) sin y = -(5/13) are both in quadrant 3. What is the exact value for cos(x+y)?
POLLS: Which is harder Calculus and Vectors or Physics?
Math Question? Find the solution of the logarithmic equation?
(?24)/2 Quick Math Question ?
Does our whole universe moving?
Chemistry Help PLEASE!! O.o?
Cant do this circle geometry question!?
chemistry question can you help me?
Creationists: Why do you think you know more than biologists?
Help With Algebra Question?
Grade 11 Functions Questions? Pt 2?
Round to the nearest 16th of an inch?
Use the graph question?
Could time be just an illusion since it is not a particle or energy?
Is wheat germ, the same as WGA?
Thermodynamics two questions please help?
A spherical balloon with radius r inches has volume V(r) = 4 3 ?r3. Find an expression that represents ....?
Need Help With Simple Mathematics Manipulations?
A refrigerator has a COP of 4.0. if it expends 50J of work, how many joules of thermal energy are exhausted in?
Do you think all of this parapsychology is a bunch of bull?
A drag race engine is 13% efficient. How much energy does it take a 1200kg car to reach a speed of 40.0m/s?
Non separable initial value problem?
Need help on physics!?
Help with math problem?
Kinetic Energy, time and absorbed force question?
How many electrons can an atom take or give?
What is the percent concentration of hydrogen peroxide?
Calculate the mass of pure water used.?
Find the percent error in the measurement.?
Find the percent increase?
What is a Polar Vortex exactly?
____ Mn + ____ O2 ? ____ Mn2O3 balance this equation for the love of god.?
I need an example of a sucvessful medical use of genetic modification in humans?
Number of Dollars in Stack?
what are the top 10 animals close to being extinct?
How does adrenaline work?
Why does oxygen rich atmosphere results in huge organisms?
how are single cells different from billions years ago?
Why is an intermediate molecule like mRNA needed to copy genomic DNA so that it can be translated (rest below)?
Fluid mechanics- What is the total energy line for a static system?
What branch of mathematics do you use for engineering other than calculus, trigonometry, and algebra?
So first time we are going to land a rover in a comet. What will it do there?
How many different committees of 3 people each can be formed from a group of 5 people?
Physics Kinematics Question?
Calculate the pH of a 1microM aqueous solution of Sulfadiazene (pKa=6.5)?
Find the volume when the region is bounded by... Using disks or washers?
phyiscs, net force problem can't find my mistake?
how can a neutron star destroy earth?
solve each equation. If necessary, round to the nearest hundredth.?
If sin x = 1/5 and x is in Quadrant I, find the exact value of 2x.?
Do you, personally, get dreams, deja vu, clairvoyance, etc. more often with people you are close to?
Mechanical Engineer majors.. Minor ideas?
Why does it take so long to pave a road?
High school physics question involving Newton's Third Law?
High school physics question involving Newton's Third Law?
Balance redox equation. Please review my HW?
How many possible combinations?
Need help on these truth tables for digital circuits?
Grade 11 Functions Questions?
Explain why is CO named carbon monoxide rather than monocarbon monoxide.?
What kinds of leopards live in rainforests?
If you smell supher in a ghost hunt, does that mean a Djin (Jinn, Genie) is near?
What organelles do these cells NOT have?
Why do they call them near death experiences?
Find a potential function for F or determine that F is not conservative?
How does Denver's geography affect its air quality?
How did the theory of spontaneous human combustion come about?
Help With Chemistry Please?
how many solutions does this quadratic equation have?
how did they know mathematically that quantum entanglement could exist?
Linear algebra existence and uniqueness?
Function Problem, Need help!?
Probability hw help!?
Conservation of energy Question. Exam tomorrow. pls help?
PDEs: Heat flow with heat equation?
What happens to water when it is used in factories?
Find two distinct vectors a and b?
Math magicians, I summon you. How do you solve this equation?
How much snow falls on average worldwide each year?
I need help on math? Thank you?
what is positive direction in longintude and latiude?
How can you slow the rate of combustion in an internal combustion engine?
Why doesnt the west coast ever get cold fronts?
What radiation does microwave oven gives out & can it change pH of water? Can infrared change pH of water?
What number from 1 to 25 has the most factors?
Find a potential function for F or determine that F is not conservative?
What would happen if a comet hit the earth?
ASAP Algebra Help Please?
How big is Pluto in relation to Earth?
Please enlighten me as to how, if at all, a rising moon’s appearance is or might be distorted when, for insta?
How do you solve this math problem?
A gymnast is holding himself up on a horizontal bar. His weight is 51.5kg and he is not moving. Each arm makes?
if a car wheel is .5m in radius, how many times does the wheel turn, during a trip once around the Indianapoli?
If we have a bank of 100 (pounds/dollars/whatever) & increase it to 200 in 1 month?
Can somebody please help me with this radioactive isotope question?
Arithmetic/Geometric Sequence Question?
what is sustainable usage?
Please help me with this initial value problem?
Okay so consider the equation y= (x-6)(x+2)?
How to find the sum of squares between two numbers?
Every new car company in a town deducts $500 fom the price of each new car it sells?
if mount everest is the highest point on earth then how can mauna loa and mauna kea be the tallest mountains?
Does there exist a value of k such that the following system fails to have a unique solution? Explain?
How fast does galaxy C recede from galaxy A?
Someone told me that after a certain speed (at around 340 km/h) cars actually float on the road. Is it true?
Help with 2 math questions?
Pool players often pride themselves on their ability to impart a large speed on a pool ball. In the sport of b?
Calculus: How to find the derivative of an integral?
Find the remaining roots question?
Need help with a law of sin problem?
Any one know how to summon?
What is the difference between an imperial gallon and a U.S. gallon?
Please solve 3(x-3)^3/4 = 81?
2 Physics Questions, PLEASE Help!?
Calculus 2 Integral Easy Question?
newtons laws of motion quesiton?
I was put on Diazepam by my Dr. Can any one tell about this drug?
What is the relative frequency for this class?
Calculus Value Theorems?
SERIOUS math help?! (complex system of equation)?
How to Find The Sum of This Geometric Series?
Genders through Evolution?
how to solve this math problem? 10 point?
Is there a relationship between the number of bounces and the initial height?
How do I solve for r?
Step by step problem solve please?
does anybody know what happens if you have more then the normal amount of dna strands?
Making electronic components?
Is there a way to get to heaven from Earth?
What is the mass in grams of 17.59mL of acetone?
Need help with this question?
Numerous studies have found that males report higher self-esteem than females, especially for adolescents.?
Should I do an astrophysics degree as an undergraduate or a physics degree as an undergraduate?
Ordinary differential equation?
salpa maggiore>?????????
Coulomb's law problem?
Series and Parallel circuits?
Ordinary differential equations?
Can someone tell me how this relatively simple equation was simplified?
y = -2x + b. Find the value of b?!?
What Will Happen If I Have To Many Calcium Tablets?
Conversion between Units.?
Find a function thats continuous but partial derivatives do not exist.?
Given f(x) and g(x) below, what is g(x)?
Is any number over 0 Rational?
A math problem thats confusing please help.?
when that space probe came out of its 'hibernation'?
Can anyone tell me how to solve (5x-1)(3x-4)?
What can you do to make your boobs grow?
Really fast math problem HELP ?!?
A ship leaves the island of Guam and sails a distance 300km at an angle 47.0? north of west?
How do I graph the solution set of this Problem?
Find the height of a right square pyramid ?
How many electrons pass through a conductor?
how far does a geostationary satellite travel in 1 day? (the radius of Earth is 6400km)?
Need help with basic electronics?
Mathematical Probability?
Please Help! Explain this \Pasteur effect\.?
How to find a quadratic function model, determine the function as a max or mini value and find tht value?
The storage tank of a water tower is nearly spherical in shape with a radius of 30ft. If the density of the...?
Please Help! In cells, _____ of chemical energy in metabolized glucose?
Please Help with this Trigonometry Question!?
Why so many prokaryotic never evolve for billions years?
What would happen if the global ocean conveyor would stop?
Please Help! Based on this scenario as well as your knowledge of cellular respiration.?
What is the reflection point?
Identify oxidized and reduced element + reducing and oxidizing agent. Please review my HW answers?
Is it true you cant take birth control pills woth high blood pressure?
Chemistry-Rate of attainment of equilibrium?
How much is 200,000 litres, in picture-form? (Like bath tubs/swimming pools)?
Need help with this question?
Conversion between mi/gal and km/L.?
can the space station be seen with the naked eye ?
Determine whether the differential is exact? (DE Help)?
The graph of the function f is made of the transforms of parts of the graphs of y=?x , y= 2, and y=1/x?
6V 1500mA power adapter not working. Can I use a 9V 300mA in its place?
writing a function for f(x) in standard form? please help?
Coulomb's law problems?
Manometer calculation question?
The function is continuous at x=?2 if and only if d =?
approximate the result of sin ( 26 minutes 40 minutes) using euler's method ?
According to the second law of thermodynamics, will the universe eventually be disordered?
Is mathematical physics the most powerful and difficult tool?
Help? Parallel Lines and Angles?
integration help please????
Comparison of Biogenesis and Abiogenesis?
Help me work out what percentages I need to achieve a level?
Arithmetic Progression?
how to convert this y=ax/b+x to nonlinear equation to linear?
Please help me prove this identity!?
Determine the oxidation numbers. Please review my HW answers?
but what is the best building for best food production eficiency on mars?
A runner wants to run 11.3km . She knows that her running pace is 6.7mi/h . How many minutes must she run?
Has Nasa found a Black Hole?
Integration of (tan square root of y)/(square root of y), with respect to y.?
Does earth really revolve on its axis?
Chemistry - Stoichiometry problem?
why are stimulants able to be so helpful but also so deadly?
Where does the \2\ come from in BaSO4(s)---water <--> Ba2+(aq) + SO4 2-(aq)?
The sum Sn of the first n terms of an a.p is given by Sn= pn+ qn^2. Given also that S3=6 S5=11?
Why do people think evolution is true?
Basic collisions homework help!?
Quadratic equations-simplifying?
During a cooling process, the temperature of an object drops by 20 degrees C.?
Could someone explain my birthchart for me?
Confirm my answer for stoichiometry question?
approximate the result of sin ( 26 degrees 40 minutes using euler's method.?
Why can't tertiary alcohols be oxidised by acidified Dichromate ions?
what is the unit of ic50 values?
Average speed and average velocity?
One Math Question?? Help!?
how many atoms in oleic acid?
5- The analyst accomplished a qualitative analysis of anions in water by adding a specific reagent: BaCl2.?
Can an ossillascope record at distence and ground the frequencies enveloped?
The center of a clock is at origin so that 12 lies on the positive y-axis and 3 lies on the positive x-axis.?
Theoretically, how much water, salt and electricity do you need to produce enough H2O for a Mars sized planet?
Identify the center and radius of each circle and write the equation of each circle in standard form?
In Newton's Gravitational Formula, what unit is d measured in?
Scale Factor: Geometry help??
Help understanding this definite integral calculation? 10pts?
can only rocks of equal or greater hardness break certain rocks?
A 30-kg cart moving at 15 km/h collides head-on with an approaching 20-kg cart moving at 10 km/h (in the oppo?
A 2-kg blob of clay moving horizontally at 3 m/s hits a 3-kg blob of clay at rest. What is the speed of the.?
question about rain in South America (Chile)?
Trigonometry question (no calculator)?
You push with 500 N on a 10-kg box, and there is a 300-N force of friction. How fast will the box accelerate?
Maths algebra question help?
On the surface of Jupiter, the acceleration due to gravity is about 3 times that of Earth. What would be the?
little help here..A ball is thrown upward. Its initial vertical component of velocity is 30 m/s and its initia?
Simplify- 12r^10S^-7 all over 4r^-2s?
D-Dimer test positive so blood clot is present.?
Evaluate the polynomial 4x^2-6x+9 for x=-3?
stoichiometry converting mass to mass problems?
I have been seeing time in twins.?
How do you solve this quadratic equation?
Determine coefficients using partial fractions?
Would an elbow drop hurt if it was done on the moon?
Past, present, and future in time?
Mymaths help - Volume?
Entropy after the Big Bang.?
Earth Science Help Did I Get These Right?
Projectiles Help pls pls?
Effort, Load and Mechanical advantage?
chemistry questions please help?
MATH HELP PLEASE????
(x^2 - t^2)^0.5 = 2t - x?
f(x)= 4x^4, x>0 (the symbol is greater than or less than)?
How can I make a heat emitting wire?
Finding the gradient of a curve where it crosses the x-axis!?
Maths homework help??!!?
When you smell do molecules actually go in your nose?
The arithmetic progression 2,6,10,14,18,22...has 60 terms?
Am i being haunted or is a ghost following me?
HELP PLEASE???!!!! Math Questions?
chemistry questions please help!?
Use the substitution u = 4 + x^2 to show that the integral...?
what is the simplest ratio of elements in glucos c6h12o6?
By using the substitution u = sin(x), find the integral of ? sin^3(x)sin(2x)?
can someone explain what physiological changes are?
where can I find enamel paint for wires?
What happens if there is no marking of left ear and right ear on my earphones?
what is the total sum of all the digits from 1 to 1010 ?
If half life of Cesium-137 is around 30 years then...?
If half life of Cesium-137 is around 30 years then...?
What is ultrasound/wave? Where is it used? Why?
how to check your answer online to see if you are cheating?e?
Archimedes principle doubt???PLEASE help!!!?
A) If 20 N is acting on a 4.0 kg object upward and 5 N is acting downward, what force must be applied to?
a mortgage of 147 500 .. calculate the new monthly payment?
Why the amount of water vapour differs in different parts of the atmosphere?
work function of different metals?
Can I wear pants in 74 degree weather? Need answer within 20 minutes!!!?
Can photons be \created\ and \destroyed\ (or come in and out of existence)?
What creates storm of the size of Red Eye?
Help with balancing these two equations?
Help with partial fractions problem?
why do humans hurt the earth to help themselves?
Variation (Proof) Please help!!!!?
Balance the chemical equation Ca + H2O ---> Ca(OH)2 + H2(g)?
Have you ever been to a free health screening at Sams?
I think a spirit was inside me for so long?
Air Motor specification?
What continent is Egypt located on?
Help with Algebra II please?
Please I need help solving this chemistry question!?
How fast would a ball have to be thrown upward to reach a maximum height of 144 ft? [Hint: Use the discriminan?
Suppose an object is dropped from a height h0 above the ground. Then its height after ……..?
Microwave electric sparks and smoke problems?
how can dead trees be vital to an ecosystem?
Maths question: Is my working out correct?
Question on summation of series?
How to find x-intercepts when equation is in the vertex a(x-h)^2 + k form?
Why won't ghosts haunt me?
algebraic equation for a tattoo?
5HTP, MDMA preload and comedowns?
Power loss if electricity is transmitted 30km with a resistance of 0.3 Ohms/km where I=132kW and 10kW?
determine the osmotic pressure of a solution that is .230 M in glucose and .150 M in NaCl at 37 degrees celsiu?
GCSE maths question help?
Why Do Scientists Think That Dark Energy Is Growing?
Convert the following word equations to formula equations (5 questions) Please check my work?
Find the area and the perimeter of this trapezoid?
How will I be able to learn basic mathematical problem of theoritical physics at home?
How do I call out a spirit/demon/good or bad.?
How would you draw the lewis dot structure for NaNO3?
The first four terms of an arithmetic progression are 2,a-b,2a+b+7 and a-3b respectively?
human evolution against disease?
Can I order VIAGRA Online without a Prescription?
Probability maths question help?
is it ok to warm up food in plastic containers or is this a no no?
Does lava (molten rock) exists inside interior of all other planets?
At the same concentrations will ethanoic acid be a stronger acid or propanoic acid?
Lines and Angles Problem. Can a circuit be completed?
photosynthesis questions?
Tell me about Chemistry of perfumes?
What are the long term effects of a Polar Vortex?
Resolve into partial fractions?
I want to understand about the fourth dimension what is it?
How do plants reproduce sexually?
How to solve this? 10 points for informative answer!?
please solve this question?
Integration help....?!?!?
Train in a train? Ultra fast train?
From where can I learn maths needed for theoritical physics?
Is it me, or do the dumbest questions come from the USA?
What will be the mode of these numbers?
write net ionic equation between Ba and HNO3 please?
How to factorize using calculator?
is the sequence i^n is convergent or not?
Can someone please explain to me what General and special relativity are?
What are the climbing plants that kill trees called?
Calculate the quantity of sucrose (in grams) that contains two moles of carbon atoms?
calculating peak to peak voltage from waveform?
Why are wind turbine blades not constant in taper?
Why does it rain in the Winter when there is too much cold already?
Partial Differentiation?
this question is killing me and my teacher teaches too fast I can't understand what she's saying!?
should i continue studying physics?
Why can't humans manipulate fire or heat?
What is the product/side product?
Physics Motion Question?
Why doesn't plastic sheet let microwave through?
Physics Motion, Acceleration & Displacement?
What is the magnitude of current induced into the output circuit in a 60 Hz AC generator?
Physics Vectors and Motion?
Does mass affect the coefficient of friction?
Does mass affect the coefficient of friction?
was there a last epesode of giligans island where they get off the island?
Calc2: Indefinite Integral substitution Question?
Why doesn't mass affect the value of coefficient of friction?
High school physics question!! Please help?
High school physics question!! Please help?
theres 2 red marbles & 2 blue marbles. im picking 2 at random, what is the probability of me picking at leas?
Find the volume generated if the region bounded by y=sin2x and y=cosx from pi/6 to pi/2, revolved by line y=2?
where is the best place to live in Texas with low humidity?
Using cylindrical shells. Find volume?
How to find a quadratic function model, determine the function as a max or mini value and find tht value?
How to learn electronics subjects i mean ece engineering please help already failed twice in 1st semester?
What is the current in the coil if there is a torque of 5.4 N.m acting on it?
A mid-ocean ridge forms __ plates? i kinda need some help v.v?
Determine whether or not the expression is a polynomial?
Show the calculation for diluting 25.00 mL of 1.5 M calcium nitrate to 75.00 mL of solution?
Solve the equation ?4 + ?10= x?14. x=?
If h(x)=x?5, find a function g(x) such that g(h(x))=x. g(x)=?
help with chem problem?
Let X?, ..., X?? and Y?, ..., Y?? be two random samples from two independent normal distributions N(0,16) ...?
Brain fart math Q: 84/35 in lowest term?
How do you know formula of this compound?
The sum of twenty terms of an arithmetic progression is 50, and the sum of the next twenty terms is -50.?
Simplify (x^4)^8 as x^A, what is the value of A ?
Want to be an engineer or scientist?
Determine whether the function is even, odd, or neither?
Help please! Find the values of the trigonometric function of t from the given info?
Help please! Write the expression in terms of the second if the terminal point determined by t is in the give?
Dark Energy and dark matter do exist before stars, planets and intergalactic gas?
Statistics Question!!! :) :)?
Help please! From the information given find the quadrant in which the terminal point determined by t lies.?
Calculus Review! Please help?
I need help with one math problem?
4x+10y=-6 -2x-10y=2 Solve PLease?
What is the average acceleration of the tip of the 3.0cm long hour hand of a clock in the interval from noon?
Becoming an Astrophysicist?
Life span -> heartbeat scaling laws?
How do you prove what the slope of a friction force vs. normal force graph represents?
Power and efficiency question?
Calculus problem! Urgent!!!! Please help!?
math help for explanation pls?
Question# 5 The stopping potential of a certain photocell is 6.0 V. What is the kinetic energy giv?
How to subtract in 2's complement ?
List the coefficients and find the degree of the following polynomial- -20x^4-8x^3+5x^2+3x-1?
A ball is thrown straight upward at an initial speed of v0 = 80 ft/s.....?
If we travel at the speed of light would we become invisible?
Multiple the following. Write answer in scientific notation- (7.04x10^-9)(9.01x10^-7)?
Suppose an object is dropped from a height h0 above the ground. Then its height after t seconds is given....?
I need help with two math problems?
If ethanol or ethyl boils at 78.4?, what is its vapor at this temperature?
If sin x = 2 3 and sec y = 5 3 , where x and y lie between 0 and ?/2, evaluate sin(x + y).?
Strange noise in bedroom at night, thoughts?
Calc2: Indefinite Integral substitution?
Quick question about the moon?
Physics Question: Fluid Dynamics/Bernoulli...?
What will happen if the western USA becomes a true desert?
y''+2y'+y=e^(-t)(lnt)?
Plan B pill, Did it work orrr?
y'''-2y''-y'+2y=e^(4x)?
Explain why only aluminum conducted in the solid state?
A farmer has a rectangular garden plot surrounded by 200 ft of fence. Find the length and width of the garden?
Latitude & Longitude for Coastal Sand Plains (Texas)?
what is the 5 steps of earthquake process.?
PLEASE HELP ME WITH THIS PHYSICS PROBLEM IM SO STUCK I NEED HELP?
chemistry questions please help?!?
what is the molarity of an 85.0 ml ethanol (C2H5OH) solution containg 1.77g of ethanol?
what are these following terms?
Why don't we see all possible trisomies and monosomies when we look in humans?
If someone was born in 1991 then how old will they be in 2013?
how is negative and positive terminal created in a battery?
Sin 2theta= 2sin^3 theta cos theta + 2sin theta cos^3 theta?
How to factor these questions?
What age would you be if you were born in 1990 and it's the year 2013?
Which continent is located approximately 160 degrees W. Longitude and 40 degrees N. Latitude?
chemistry questions please help?!?
Drug test at new job?
What does the white face of the radiometer do?
Difference between disks and washers?
Chemistry questions please help?
What is a disaccharide, monosaccharide?
what would a compound of potassium, iodine and radium be called? (KIRa)?
Would this be True or False?
Biology lab question: How does the stored energy in a peanut get into the peanut in the first place?
Heat Transfer Problem I need help with?
Need help, Trig equations!---->( 12sin^2(2x))-1= 4sin(2x)?
Calculus Review!! Please help?
limit n-> infinity math question please help?
I hear voices call my name am I crazy?
Where can i find data for rainfall over a period of time?
Where can i find data for rainfall over a period of time?
Ten students walk into a classroom that has twenty (empty) desks. What is the total number of different ways?
What tissue /pathology does MRI contrast not enhance?
Deriving mathematical relationship dealing with capacitor circuits?
How to find the moles O2 and SO2 reacting?
How to work out this problem algebraically?
P={5,7,9,11,13} & Q={6,8,10,12,14}?
Only Smart People Please?
Relationship between statement... A={b,f,x,t,e,r} and b?
How could i summarize the electric spark theory in about 1-2 sentences?
Mean,Variance, Std Deviation? How is this answer wrong?
Math/science problem! Thank you?
Why can you say this is exterior angle inequality theorem?
A cart speed is 47MPH how to find distance traveled?
Help with relative 'relative velocity' questions pls?
Find the solutions to the systems using the matrix method?
fundamental theorem of calculus (integration help)?
Integration help please?
What are some uses of argon?
Help with Algebra please!! (homework due tomorrow)?
My mousetrap travelled 2 meters in 2.7 seconds, what's the acceleration?
Help me change this into Astronomical Units please?
Suppose $400 is deposited in an account on the first day of the year 2000. This same amount is deposited each?
Please help! Word Problem: Break-Even Point?
question about equilateral triangles?
integration questions help please?
space theories you're thought's?
Okay so how would you solve this equation by factoring?
Sum 1 to 100 Question?
Find the volume generated if the region bounded by y=sin2x and y=cosx from pi/6 to pi/2, revolved by line y=2?
Multivariable Calculus (Gradient and Directional Derivatives)?
Question about integrals...calculus?
Do you believe in alien abduction?
Why can the force of gravity be broken up into Fg*cos(x) and Fg*sin(x)?
Why is hair mousse flammable?
Please check my Trigonometry? See if I am rounding correctly?
But this celestron telescope or binoculars?
Calculus Evaluate volumt of the curve y=sqrt(x-1), y=0,x=5 about the x-axis.?
some chemistry help please?
please help with some chemistry?
Let L be the line of intersection of the planes... Vector problem?
Find the volume of the solid A whose base is a circular disk with radius r and parallel cross sections.?
Math Question Help. I don't understand this question?
Calculus question definite integrals?
Another Math Question?
Math Question Help. I don't understand this question?
High school physics question. Please help!?
Fluid Mechanics help?
calculus question (integration - displacement and distance traveled)?
chemistry questions please help?!?
Compound Inequality Help?
Prepatory phase in the glycolysis!! (Biology help)?
Pedigree analysis of a rare autosomal recessive disease?
What do you get when you cross a homozygous dominant black cow and a homozygous white cow?
How to prove Pythagorean Theorem?
chemistry questions please help?
If a 3 prong plug w/ a missing ground pin is plugged into a power strip, will it be grounded?
why do bananas ripe faster in newspaper than in the open?
should i go into transportation or water (civil engineering)?
Find the exact value of sine 2 thetea given sine of theta = 5 over 13 and theta is between 90 degrees and 180?
Are there any possibility to see beyond more colors?
Physics acceleration question!?
chemistry questions please help?
Is the slant of a 30-60-90 triangle always the hypotenuse?
URGENT!tommorow I need to turn in?
What is the sea port with the same latitude and longitude?
An airplane reaches a velocity of 71 m/s when it takes off.?
Prove P(AB) <= P(A) using Axioms of Probability?
lim h-->0 (|-2x^2+h|-|-2x^2|)/h at x=2?
How does this trinomial factor?
Sun Spectrum seen from earth?
Linear Algebra problem?
Math question really need help?
Can someone please help me with two science questions(heat and temp related)?
How would I find the velocity?
someone please help with with my math problem for astronmy?
what types of bonds hold the 2 strands of DNA together?
Is Penicillin ok to take for...?
As a child, with a cold, did you ever get Great-Gramma's home remedy cough medicine ?
I need some help with a science question. Please help!?
Does MRI or xray have more radiation?
Calculate the heat of formation of hexane?
Problem with solving a nonlinear differential equation with the method of integrating factors.?
? divided by ? is what?
boxing day tsunami 2004?
How do Capacitors work?
What is your least favorite animal?
a net force of 1000N acts on a satellite whose mass is 450kg and starts at rest?
Why can the force of gravity be broken up into mg*cos(x) and mg*sin(x)?
Need help finding equation of tangent lines?
Today I had blood work done, and they did 7-8 tubes, is that a lot to lose?
Is this trinomial prime?
Can you help me with my Math Analysis homework (Difference Quotient)?
Help with calculus homework please... CONSIDER THE DENSITY FUNCTION:?
evaluating integral with absolute value?
explain how (5pi/8)*2=5pi/4?
How can the Universe be considered infinite?
Transcribe the following DNA strand CCGGATTAACGG. What do we call this strand?
Help with Biology!!!!!!!?
Loop the Loop Lab Physics?
What are the different hormones and their function of the reproductive system?
How to graph a line with the y interslope of -10 and a slope of -3?
Help me with increments?
An object has a constant velocity of 20 m/s...?
io have a physics quesion i need help with?
Fe2O3 + C2H5OH -> Fe +CO?
What does thunder snow mean?
Find all the subgroups of ?2 X ?4 of order 4.?
PHYSICS HELP - Electric Field (MUST BE ANSWERED BY 1/20/14)?
Help math complex numbers 10 points!?
In a railroad switchyard, a 56 ton freight car is sent at 9.0 mi/h toward a 31 ton car that is moving in the s?
Why is the development of monomers of organic molecules significant?
How much Ibuprofen can I take in a day?
Algebra 2 problem help?
Visions? or just dreams?
What is this limit (e)?
Can I factorize this trinomial or it's prime?
What are the answers to these math problems?
What does a Inductor do if a Capacitor?
Determining higher boiling point between compounds?
At what speed does a ball of mass m and radius r increas its mass to become a black hole?
How do box diagrams work for controls processes?
Find the value of t when 12cos(3t)-3=0?
Whats the difference between mist and fog?
Physics Vertical Circular Motion question!! Please help!!?
How to find the electric field strength?
What are resources that are replaced by natural processes faster than they are consumed?
which science project should i choose? HELP?
help with algebra please?
If log15 (x + 1) = 3 log15 4, then x?
Physics: Spring constant?
How to write net ionic equation?
I don't know how to find the activation energy!?
Math help about trig?
Does phosphorus have a subscript of 1 or 2 by itself? What about chlorine?
Calculus 2 Integral Question?
A 340 g ball moving at 7.4 m/s collides with a 230 g ball initially at rest. After the collision the first bal?
Would going into the field of astronomy be rewarding?
Math Help Please Need Answer Quickly?
Which statement is not a common scientific theory about the creation of the universe? I need an answer PLZ.?
How Long is 9999 Seconds?
A line with the coordinates (7,y) and (-2,-4) has slope 3/4. What is the value of y?
A 2 kg object moving with a velocity of +4 m/s collides with a 8 kg object that is initially at rest. After th?
URGENT HELP!! Is this asking me to find the potential:?
derivative + integral help!?
Fitting Bricks In A Rectangle?
Which of the following rules applies when working with reaction enthalpies?
Using order of operations, solve for the following when x=3, y=-3, and z=5: -3xy2-z/-3xz?
Please explain this Calculus question about a Limits!?
Vectors and Angles Help?
Difference between chromosome and chromatid?
Partial pressure of O2?
I wasn't sure who to ask but I thought it would probably be someone who knows there stuff about science?
when is the next total lunar eclipse that can be seen in america?
Physics multiple choice question please HELP ?!?
what is the determining factor for whether we consider a star to be in the mainsequence part of the HR diagram?
Simple Mechanics Question No. 1?
Help with 3 simple algebra questions?
Simple Mechanics Question No. 4?
Simple Mechanics Question No. 4?
Simple Mechanics Question No. 4?
radical equations in simpliest form, etc! TWO QUICK QUESTIONS?
Difference between accessibility and connectivity in geography?
Simple Mechanics Question No. 3?
Simple Mechanics Question No. 2?
What is the circus seal balancing on his nose?
what happens to the core of a star like our sun when it evolves into a red giant?
Simple Mechanics Questions No. 1?
Vector problem for physics?
Can you check this for me?its rounding to four significant a fig?
Starling's Law of the heart?
Simple Mechanics Questions No. 1?
Why on some Multiplication Problems do we carry the larger number instead of the smallest.?
Calculus help! Derivative of y^3+4y^2=sin(xy)?
Permutations help needed!!?
how do you know which codon is a start or stop?
Need math help please?
Physics question... please help?
Kinematics/Physics and maths question about deceleration?
Simple Trig question, help asap!?
nearest ten thousandths?
Probability question?
A 0.50kg billiard ball initially at rest is given a speed of 15m/s during a time interval of 3.0ms?
If 3a - b + 12 = 0 and 4a -3 = 2b, what is the value of b?
Please help, simple basic algebra.?
Why when it's dark i see the sky lightning different colours?
Consider: 3H^2SO^4+2Al(OH)^3 and Al^2(SO^4)^3+6H^2O?
An example of a time when medicine was shipped elsewhere to stop an epidemic or disease?
4r^2-28r=-49 solve with the quadratic formula? 10 points best answer? please help?
Come on here people let's do some mathematics?
A car accelerates at a rate of 3.6 m/s2 for 4.0 s, beginning with an initial speed of 5 m/s.?
I have two mathematical equation as follows.....................?
Proof using the limit definition?
Explain what causes the polarity of water molecules?
How do you integrate this?
why is it not possible to write the equation of the line through (-8,-5) and (-8,-9) in slope intercept form?
Does the solar system move around any thing?
How to do the quadratic root formula? (urgent)?
Which are most likely to form positive ions?negative ions?
How do I solve a permutations question like this one?
A 16 g bullet traveling at 485 m/s strikes an 0.8 kg block of wood that is balanced on a table edge 0.8 m abov?
Types of carbohydrates?
could you solve this quadratic formula question?
what happens to a low mass star when...?
The rth term of an arithmetic progression is (1+4r).?
Affirm my Thermochemistry?
Experiment to investigate effect of resistance on the brightness of a bulb?
Math (Permutations) help needed!!?
How to convert from L to Atoms?
Launching a rocket to 1000m on the moon?
Finding the equation of the normal to a parametric curve?
Electricity, series and parallel circuits?
Statistics Question...?
I need help with my math hw?
Use an identity to find the values of sin(x) given that 4cos(2x) = sin^2(2x)?
Algebra 2, Compostions of Functions help!?
Help with these limits?
Could we burn brighter than the sun?
A force of 50 lbs. over a distance of 20 ft, for 2 minutes is how many ft. lbs. per minute ?
Acidic Buffer Problem?
unsure of how to start this question?
What is the reason for the decrease of the rate of nuclear reactions in the core of a star as it gets older?
Find the shortest distance between the lines (vectors)?
Physics homework, doppler effect and reflected sound?
find all the roots of z^3=-2+0i?
What factor of [H+] increase by if ph solution is decreased 3 units?
Physics question: A small hole is made a certain distance above the bottom of a water tank?
How do I make solutions of erythrocin with these tools?
Math Question: Partially answered?
Is 6 inches a lot of snow?
How to people work out the square root of a number by hand?
what process removes carbon dioxide produced by fossil fuels from the atmosphere?
When do Swarmer termites swarm?
Grade 11 Functions Questions?
Confused on Inch to feet conversion?
Intermolecular forces?
Why did New England’s population grow more during the 1600s than any other region?
Which transition occurs when light with a wavelength of 434 nm is emitted by a hydrogen atom?
A cannonball is fired at some angle into the air. In the first second it moves 10 meters horizontally.?
A ball is thrown upward at a certain angle. Its initial vertical component of velocity is 60 m/s?
Complex Statistics Problem?
anyone good at physics ??? static electricity question?
Two questions at the same time!!!!?
need help math problem and really fast?
Questions are given