Did Jesus Christ had a Wife ?
Why have woolly mammoths been discovered is this blasphemer talk ?
Why do some Christians actually fall victim to the lies of people like Joyce Meyer and Benny Hinn?
ramadan--islamically?
Did Muhammad teach muslims the wahhabi doctrines of islam ?
@God: Do you really exist?
Atheists: If God didn't believe in you, wouldn't you feel like He should be kept out of your club too?
why do black people hate the police so much?
How do muslims explain wahhabi doctrines?
Is it inappropriate for a receptionist to eat breakfast/lunch at his or her desk?
atheists: why do some of you feel the need to offend the religious?
How do I become a Muslim/research Islam?
Apart from Elizabeth I, how many other 8astards did henry 8th spawn?
why did God give the middle east oil?
Why didn't Ubayd-Allah ibn Jahsh get killed for leaving Islam?
what to do when your not good at anything?
why are there ghosts in my house?
What Moslem's countries are sunni wahhabi's, are they nice liberal thinking types ?
why do some people not believe in god?
I want to make my own religion?
What are sunni wahhabi muslims beliefs and thoughts on other religions ?
What are jinns......?
Was there toilets in holy times?
What is a sunni Wahhabi muslim ?
Why did the Egyptians worship cats?
Christians: Why is your book 100% true, but holy texts from other religions are 100% false?
Do the God haters know this fact?
Why do Atheist want to suppress speech?
Why did that nun in Italy become pregnant?
Is Islam now the most powerful religion in the world?
What if I said that the black race is the superior race?
does god truely exist or just imaginery believe for people who don't have lifes?
How did god turn mud and a rib bone into Adam and Eve ?
what are the different types of iman?
Was Dr Frankenstein a god ?
Are guts feelings that come out to be true from Allah (swt)?
I love being dominated by females in the bedroom. Is this common in guys?
Aren't all religions really just cults?
Revelation 17:8 mentions a beast. Who do you say it is?
Did the devil put dinosaurs here?
Case worker called and asked for baby's father identity?
Which is better for you; sriracha or mayonnaise?
Who is gods god ? Infact who is gods gods god ?
Christians whats your opinion of this picture?
Was religion invented by clever lazy people to control the masses ?
Spiritually speaking, why do some women shave down there?
Christians: don't you feel sad for all those individuals who are/were destined for hell?
What to do if people falsely start accusing a man of sexual harrassment and filming him secretly for proof?
Christians, I am an atheist. Based on that one detail, what can you say about me?
What to do if suddenly women in group come together to ostracize and beat me with false accusations?
under Islamic Law, when is it permissible to use lethal force?
Christians who deny evolution:?
When will the scientific community take \creation science\ seriously?
Do you think the braindead pregnant lady in Texas should be kept alive for the baby?
Why do Mexicans have so many kids knowing they cannot afford them?
Religiously speaking whos god is the best Jew ,Christian or muslim ?
Why are women from Brazil more attractive than white, Black, and Hispanic Women?
Is religion another word for thought police?
Would you consider these people low class?
Why Some Straight Porn-Stars Will Do for Gay Porn? For Money Only?
Christians, is the doctrine of the atonement of Christ the only ''Salvation issue''?
Do you believe in the Loch Ness Monster?
Why is my neighbour walking around in heels to annoy me?
Why is my neighbour walking around in heels to annoy me?
How can you know that God has decided to forgive you for a sin you confessed to him?
Can God forgive murder if he doesn't repent?
Could there have possibly be a different outcome?
Are you allowed to be bad sometimes?
Has capitalism unwittingly become a god for many people, with it edicts and?
Do you believe the bible or the words of men?
Why do Christians attempt to argue that 'a day' in Genesis is much longer than a 24 hours?
How do you tell a true prophet from a false one?
How to pray as a muslim who doesn't wear veil?
Can a Lesbian be friend with A guy?
Atheists, are you being kept on a 'need to know' status by your 'scientist' gurus?
Why do we treat every bloke who says he is Jesus as a crazy bloke?
Why do religious believers always want the world to end?
I can't wait for Jesus to come back.?
You were born on your Birthday?
Who does goth/gothic wear flowers and go to the cemetery and the woods?
Ex-mormons and ex-Jehovah's witnesses, what are you now?
Can you help me with English please?
Biblical Prophecies....?
Today are more people converting to christianiy or renouncing it?
In this day and age, why are people still being encouraged to believe in backward illogical myths?
(girls)? How would you feel if a classmate(not boyfriend) of yours gave you a valentine gift?
how do you think God was created?
Any pagan/wiccan shop's in Dublin,town?
is it weird to have a fantasy about transsexual women ?
Is it wrong to do this in order to make yourself sleepy?
laughter and crying sound the same in all languages?
Do you regret coming on R&S?
What do you say to a person who just embarrasses?
Why do messianics and seventh day Adventists believe we should follow the dietary laws in Leviticus 11?
\She don't feel the same about us in her bones\ ...?
Christians Answer Please?
Christians... How do you live with all these 'restrictions'?
Can any native English speaker tell me what these mean?
Are all bible the word of God or one particular canon in a specific version?
Islam and Hindu religion has some similarities?
Can you show me where the Quran permits the killing of innocent civilians?
Why Muslim break Hindu temples in Pakistan and Bangladesh?
Why are the traditional Muslims so scared of Quranists?
What are some Christian churches and movements that were founded by prophets and prophetesses?
Would my crush like a valentine chocolate from me?
What does \lane\ mean in this sentence?
Why do so many people here have such difficulty recognizing rhetoric and sarcasm?
Why Muslim eat Cow meat?
Why Muslim girls wear Hijab?
Is the lack of belief in Thor true or false ?
What are the qualifications for one to start a church?
Theists, when you think about it?
What is controversial in Islam?
Can you help me with English please?
Athiests if there is no cosmic judge, won't people's wrong doings go unpunished?
Are churches merely social clubs?
How can I get over what happend to me?
If society punishes you for an offence here on earth, is God still going to punish you for it?
Athiests with so many people doing wrong, how do you provide justice if not Jesus?
is there anything really wrong with interracial dating? if so, what?
I think i did something stupid...?
Penis pic problem help me now?
Do Jehovah Witnesses regard Neanderthals as a hoax...?
How do you know which dream is from God, which is from the devil, and which one is from yourself?
Why do atheist spead hatefull words but cant take it?
Do atheist need attention?
Why do people hate me because i'm a Atheist?
Why do christians believe in zombies?
Why do atheist spead hatefull words but cant take it?
Is an evil smile a bad thing?
Native English speakers, can you please help me with the verb \appreciate\?
Are you proud to be your ethnicity?
Before the \purple plague\ chases you all away. What do you guys think of this picture?
Do you even feel you belong to a culture or group(s)?
Why are there so many translations of the Bible?
Christians please give me an intelligible answer: How can you worship the depraved God of the Old Testament?
Has Anyone Ever Not Laughed After Reading Revelation?
What is the teaching of Jehovah Witnesses regarding Neanderthals...?
Jesus dying for our sins did nothing, we're still the same as we ever were, what was the point?
Christians, how are you able to shut off your brain to worship the demon God of the Old Testament? HOW?
WHY do Americans love those trashy reality shows?
Has Anyone Ever Not Laughed After Reading Revelation?
Has Anyone Ever Not Laughed After Reading Revelation?
My Horrible Sin (LDS ONLY)?
Honest Opinion: Is This a Cute Gift Idea?
How many people does it take to keep a secret?
Spiritually speaking: Am I a loser?
What's supposed to happen when Islam dominates the world?
Beside for getting the phone number of sexy chicks and hiding your infidelities, what is Espionage for?
Why does the mormon god require married potential converts to have a gov. endorsed marriage to get baptised.?
Could God's answer be \no\?
I've had a very very hard life. Why cant god help?
atheists would you be angry IF there was a God after all?
What's The Difference Between Taoist Worship & Confucianist Worship?
I've had a very very hard life. Why cant god help?
What punishment came on Adam and Eve because they had sinned?
What does his text mean?
Why are so many people.........?
Atheists, if the Earth is billions of years old, why isn't it all wrinkly?
What is your opinion on public swearing?
I've had a very very hard life. Why cant god help?
Muslims have you seen these videos of testimonies by other Muslims seeing Jesus Christ in dreams and visions ?
If Christianity was real, would you worship God?
I don't see no rusians invadering da u.s?
Smarter people become vegetarian?
Those who believe in hell have you watched this compelling testimony of a 15 year old girl who shot herself ?
Does god not exist or does he just not pay attention to 3rd world countries such as in Africa or Middle East?
Boyfriend bad in bed, please help ):?
Boyfriend bad in bed, please help ):?
Did you learn about this hadith?
What exactly is the Holy Spirit and how does it relate to God the Father and Jesus the Son?
So what's up with the trends and stuff?
Will it ever become unfashionable to spread end-times rumors?
How many true Latter-day Saints here truly Love the lord with all there heart might mind and streanght?
Why are New Atheists the only ones working to end christian persecution in foreign lands.?
What character does Satan remind you of?
Is it rude to come inside someone's room without asking them for permission?
Much loved Christians don't you sense God's Love surrounding your daily and all through the night?
Which is the best Australian state in your opinion?
Why does the 12 step program involve god??
Are you familiar with 2 Peter 3:9 and its meaning for those of you that are a far off from God?
Is the following an example of Christian tolerance, and an example of how...?
Is Canadian methamphetamine any good?
Religious mythology: Satan is loving?
How many of you think you \psychic\ or have higher \intuition.\?
Do you know that if you go to see a psychic get your fortune read, or play with a Ouija board you sinned?
Can God kill himself?
Should I wait til 3am to summon my Incubus?
Do you need to get Radically Saved?
what is considered a perfect person?
straight 20yr guy kinda give me mixed signs?
If the Bible is a sharp, double-edged sword, is it possible to wound your brothers and sisters with it ...?
straight 20yr guy kinda give me mixed signs?
Is there a religion that doesnt beleive in anysort of physical heaven or hell?
Do you know any Christians caught up in practicing TAI CHI because they are ignorant of its demonic force ?
How should I ask her to be my valentine?
Would this make a good basis for a Justice card for a Tarot deck?
Christians, are you saying I cannot have a relationship w/ GOD w/out YOU?
Is this why I'm so attracted to my crush?
If God doesn't exist, how does my bowling ball get returned to me?
Is there such a thing as holy pottery?
If a guy gives you his number is he interested?
Spiritually speaking, my neck is not a graveyard; why people carry small \tombstone\ as amulets?
I need someone to translate English to Russian Please!?
How come LGBT issues are very rarely ever tought in sex ed?
Are these sentences correct in english?
How come LGBT issues are very rarely ever tought in sex ed?
When the U N turns on religion as JWs have been saying, will many then turn to the truth?
Is it fair to say that people suffering here will get their reward in Heaven and not on earth?
TRUE or FALSE: Hitler was a Christian ?
Pro-life is not Anti-Woman?
Will working with top scientist, veterinarians, and Tony Stark help me realize my dream of becoming a Minotaur?
Why do Christians claim that Jews killed Jesus?
Islam and lying is it a sin?
Why is Abiogenesis so hard for Christians to accept?
If you believe in God, how can you find peace?
Why do so many people think Americans are dumb?
What are some common and not so common stereotypes about Catholics?
I don't want to live in a world I can only tolerate when I'm drunk.?
What are some common and not so common stereotypes about lesbians?
Which language do you speek?
Does Paul warn us against the futility of evolution in Romans 1:22-23?
why do people have trouble admitting their wrongs?
Church for the first time?
Is there any place where I can touch and hold a human's skull?
Christians, what are some sure fire bible quotes to convert unbelievers.?
the 2014-15 financial (meaning)?
Why does God bully Job and Adam so much?
Why Nobody Make a Movie About Mean Gays?!?
Why do so many people smoke/like weed?
What's wrong with me?!?!!!?
Which bible verse did you get your morals from?
What is a spring revival? (See context below)?
What is your favourite sin that Jesus doesn't care you do if you worship him?
Girls what do you think about guys who hang out by themselves?
Why do so many christians say marriage is a religious institution when they fight against gov. endorsed ssm?
After God sacrificed Jesus did he feel motivated enough to take sin off the humans again?
Atheists, if Hercules isn't real, then where did the human eye come from?
Why do the elites attempt to establish a New World Order when Psalm 2 clearly states that ...?
When will theists be regarded as mentally ill?
What do you think of this Biblical find?
The wind of logic is a-blowing, atheists are a-sailing, but poor Christians are a-drowning in delusion; why?
How much money is usually spent on trans (FTM) operations? (Such as breast removal ect.)?
Can it me possible that Christianity is a Alien invention?
Places in Austin Texas that do trans therapy and prescribe testosterone? (FTM)?
Why can't new churches be built in Muslim countries?
i like a straight guy?
Should I enslave a bunch of Christians and if they complain, say to them, “Hey, it's in the bible!”?
Is Islam a religion of piss?
HELP!!!! MUSLIM WEDDING QUESTIONS!!!!!!?
Atheists: do you start an argument every time you see Christian hypocrisy?
Do you agree with quote from Richard Dawkins?
Any ideas for a cute way to use Index Cards on Valentines?
There's No Sex in Heaven, Right? What About the Sexuality, too?
Is it appropriate to say \Whatever bob's your uncle\?
What treats do Christians like best when trying to train them to think logically?
Christians what do you feel about muslims plagiarizing your religion?
Is God actually Neil Peart from Rush?
“God helps those who help themselves;” but if you help yourself, you no longer needs a god's help, right?
What is the role of elves in Santa Clause's gift giving legend?
How come no one ever ask any serious questions about interracial dating on here? Except me?
Who would be happy if I left R&S?
Christianity Vs. Buddhism?
“It was right for that culture at the time;” is this justification for a benevolent god to endorse slavery?
Why will Jesus come a second time?
“It wasn't “slavery;” it was voluntary bonded servitude” what about this excuse for biblical slavery?
If you personally approve of slavery, can you find bible verses to justify your stance?
Do Native American women like black men?
What are some things you hate ?
Does this girl like me?
Did God create everything?
im christian but my best friend since 3 just told me hes gay. what should i do?
Did the god of the Old Testament endorse trading slaves?
Christians have you been taught yet to take authority over the devil when he is harassing you in your mind?
Help! My brother is mentally disabled and can't love Jesus?
Christians that are believers Do you know that you can run demons of in the name of Jesus Christ?
How do I say \time travel\ in Latin?
Holy Spirit filled Christians do you know how to cast out a demon when God tells you to do it?
If I summon Jesus, while having a heart attack?
Does God violate The Book of Deuteronomy by saying he hates gays?
Is Gods love straight from the heart?
I want to start an online coven, please join.?
Why does Jesus keep blackmailing me? I want to live my own life?
Do you think God loves Michigan most of all?
Why isn't there more mainstream films about gays if gays are more accepted than in the past?
God called me yesterday on the phone, how did he get my number?
How do sins effect our lives when we do not repent of them ?
If someone disagrees with your views...?
If the meek are blessed (Mt 5:5), what can be concluded about the proud and the haughty?
Do you hunger and thirst for righteousness?
Atheists, isn't bad breath proof of God?
English Sentence Meaning Help?
If faith is confidence in what we hope for and assurance about what we do not see (Heb 11:1) ...?
I would like to learn Korean but where do I start?
Why is Christmas on a fixed date but Easter changes each year?
Is it harder to be a gay teen in Kansas than in Iran?
What are some good films to make on Christmas of family?
If prayer works for you, does that mean everyone who believes in a different god than you is lying about?
Should This Stop Me From Liking Her?
Was judas a ginger and gay?
How to approach hot twin(s) at uni?
Why does gender matter in love ? Why couldn't a gay man fall in love with a woman ?
Gays favourite one direction member?
How many Christian women wear culottes instead of pants?
4 dates over 2.5 months, is it time to get realistic?
If they ban abortion in the US, where would that slippery slope lead?
Why do POC call themselves American, British, French etc?
I'm straight.. but I want my guy friend to give me a handjob?
Why are so many people in disagreement over the nature of the Godhead?
If you made a deal with the devil to stay out of hell in exchange for your soul where would you end up?
why does my heart beat hard, if i think, and then im aware so then i stop myself? isnt it mature of me 2 stop?
What if Prince Harry married a Black women?
With thousands of versions of Christianity, who told you that \yours\ was the correct one?
LGBTQA Clinics and Surgeons on Long Island?
Definition of love? Boys only?
We know the dinosaurs were reptiles, the largest reptile on the planet is the elephant?
Christians: What do you think of these verses?
why do women marry serial killers?
Wait - are there two different groups of white South Africans?
When the 'Monkees' sang 'can't buy me love' in the 50's, did they mean it..?
Why do evolution scientist essentially lie by calling their theory a fact?
atheists: would you ever want to visit the holy land?
Atheists, why does sin not exist?
Given the purple doom is mandatory and worldwide next week, are you relaxing your controls a bit?
Do they look mestizo to you?
Who do you say the beast of Revelation 17:8 is?
Is the true innocence of love beyond compare?
Is there a way I can send a message to all my contacts at the same time?
Muslim women, are you afraid to do this?
Was he gay for me in high school ?
Christian: I want to get closer to God but...?
I saw my girlfriend naked and now she thinks I'm gay.?
Little help with definitions of this word?
Should I get in touch with enemies after 15 years?
Do Jehovah’s Witnesses ever have church (kingdom hall) splits?
How to deal with work bullys?
Why do I only find asian guys attractive ?
Question about using the name of Jesus to curse....?
Why do religious believers always have to look to Atheists for proof their false gods exist?
Why Muslims are so easily offended ?
Should I do the gay marriage essay?
What does this sentence mean ?
What does your spiritual family tree look like to you?
Do we live in an age of arrogance?
Why do Europeans get angry at these things?
What is this Japanese symbol?
HELP! He didn't respond?
Trinity question: Wouldn't three intelligent agents make three Gods?
do you believe homosexuality will increase sexual misconduct?
Do you believe that necromancy and other psychic abilities are amongst the sins Jesus died for?
Does my roommate think i'm gross?
can a HINDU & MUSLIM be best friends ?
Christians; Question concerning masturbation and sin?
Which god is the right god?
Jehovah, an inferior god.?
How tolerant should we be of things like murder, and what is immoral?
native English speakers plz answer?
Why do Jews argue, cry, and then say I love you and get over it quickly?
Does God automatically ignore Atheists?
Are Jews anti-Christian?
Do atheists automatically thumbs-down every pro-Christian answer?
If Europeans never arrived to North America would Native American be still running around naked?
Are gay people really gay??
Can you help me with English please?
do you belive in dreams. Do they come true?
atheist here is proof of demons devil and hell and the bible adam and eve and jesus?
If a doctrine is false in 21st century, why did God use it mightily in the 19th century ?
Christians, will god cure my anxiety?
Has Yahoo! even noticed the hordes of long-time members who are bailing because of the new format?
How do you interpret this verse from Gospel of Thomas?
YEC's: I have been told there is more \empirical evidence\ for Genesis 1:1 than...?
Are you intolerant of intolerance?
Why is 2014 a tough year?
Atheist, when you were in the process of being squirted and torn?
Atheists would you define yourself as a Rational Atheist or a Religious Atheist, and are you materialist?
What is the definition of rational and reasonable?
Do girls like bad guys?
What does \Wanking\ mean? A guy said this to me?
I have to do a project in Bible that involves community service, what should I do?
Do atheists want heat from the fire before they put the wood on?
Why do guys get earpierce?
I'm a lesbian, but I don't want to be?
If the heart is beating and a person is moving, are they alive?
Americans, does it bother you that you live in a nation where people start yelling \Jesus\?
Atheists why don't you believe that the light goes out when you close the Refrigerator?
Isn't \secular religion\ a complete oxymoron?
Do you believe that everything happens for a reason?
Engilsh to spanish translation please?
Do you accept, if a lie is repeated over and over, people will accept it as fact?
Don't get how people can say they don't like someone for no reason or just because?
How inportant is prayer in Judaism?
How do I get disability if I can't work?
I'm gay , feel alone and need a little help?
Do you believe I am asexual?
Can you help me with English please?
YEC's: Any luck finding evidence for Genesis 1:1 yet?
Homosexual or bisexual ladies: When you find yourself...?
do atheists ,love the believer ,but hate the belief....i heard something like that before..somewhere?
When reading an ancient text \literally\ isn't there still an obligation to research?
Can a non-claim be true or false ?
could you tell me,,if god is just ,is it your religion that's racist sexist and bigoted...not god?
What makes the Holy Spirit holy or Holy Ghost holy?
Help me with my french please? Passé Compose..?
ramadan..what are the rights of parents?
I saw my best friend naked and now he thinks I'm gay.?
Have any of you received, in the last 3 days, an email, supposedly from Yahoo, headed ...?
Spiritually speaking, what is in the water?
why would god favour one sex over another,doesn't he believe in equality?
Did you ever get fired in your younger days. Was it a blessing in disguise?
ATHEISTS! I CALL ONTO THEE!!!?
do you as a christian think you can learn anything from an atheist?
How is the atheist know what be right and wrong without the Bible?
Are 22 year olds considered old?
how wrong would it be?
Was it ever reported that Philip of grease was unfaithful to the queen?
tabemasu,taberu or tabete imasu?
Why do white people believe in outrageous things like ghosts and aliens?
Christian: What do I do if my menstrual cycle starts in the middle of my fast?
Why do white people brag when they find out that they have a parent or ancestor from another country?
Is circumsicion popular in America?
Atheists, would you say these words are largely handled by ?
During the Ming Dynasty who wrote the 100 word praise about Islam, Allah and Muhammad (saws)?
Where can I find Vipassana Meditation videos and tutorials?
What does this sentence mean?
Does atheists like seafoods?
Are you OK that the WTC Cross was blessed by a Catholic priest?
why do people want to be porn stars?
Are atheists planning to invade heaven with satan and zombeez?
Why is eating swine such a sin in Abrahamic religions?
Atheists, would you say history is in your imagination?
What is the difference between believership and discipleship?
Best gloves for a letter carrier?
When God told us pigs were unclean was it a typo? Pig meat is fine but monkey meat gave us AIDS?
Is this a total no no in the dating rule book?
Valentine's Day Gift Ideas?
Is Psalm 14:1 just a metaphor?
Why can't more preachers be like John Hagee?
How would you define a spirit without reference to what it is not?
My boyfriend continues to text a guy he was dating. How should I feel?
Would getting in to a debate with a Creationist about Evolution an science be a waste of time?
Why do atheists always think that Christians can't be good?
Atheists, we need food to eat and the food is there to eat, explain?
Shoveling for my neighbor?
explain why the question of jesus authority on paying taxes is important for christians today?
Was Martin Luther of the Lutheran church involved with Nazis in WWII?
Why do some Christians blame the woman if she has been raped, and excuse the behavior of the rapist?
Will everyone see jesus when he returns?
In Islamic Shariah Economics which is the correct currency or money to be used in the Caliphate state?
What makes a girl unattractive?
Muslims say that islam invented mathematics ,science,astrology and medicine?
Is Satan within all of us?
Go Out and Get It......?!?
Someone explain this verse?
Is this correct to say? FRENCH?
Are there Jewish owned and operated hospitals in the US?
Would you rather be cremated or buried when you die?
Is it racist to call someone or something \ghetto\?
Can the devil hear our thoughts?
why guys who don't speak English hit me on?
Sad that co workers don't care about my pregnancy?
English Help!!!!!!!!!!!?
Christians, did you know that?
why do americans generalize canadians but hate it when we do the same to them?
Why mix evolution with fable?
Why are Christians forbidden from working with more nonbelievers than believers?
The greater creation of Allah (when compared to the rest of the following) is?
Do you ever get tired of hearing about racism?
What method do you use to learn new languages?
Spanish help por favor!!!! Eso pasó?
Does some particular set of beliefs make our life meaningful?
Al-'Uloo (transcendence) with regard to Allah means:?
Why did our Priest say its all a con trick when he got drunk at new year?
Atheists: What are your views on Gun Control?
Does the Jesus actually die on a cross?
How old is David Dickson?
What does it mean if someone says, \Someone is so lucky to have someone like you.\?
I am, therefore I think. How old were you when you discovered existence?
Christians, how do you interpret ''the fire that is never quenched''?
The banana -- the atheist's nightmare?
What kind of clubs and societies can I join?
My Computer is Possessed by a Ghost?
What is the queen's legacy?
What are the possibilities of ones perception?
How can a believer know if Allah loves them?
Is Global Warming a secular religious position?
Native speakers: In arabic what does the world ''khalifa'' mean?
Should Non-white people be Catholic and Christian ?
How do homeless people survive during winter in north?
I live a good clean life and have crosses and st christophers etc?
If being gay was a race would our skin color be rainbow?
Which royals have gone on second honeymoons?
Which royals have participated in seances?
Are gay people really gay??
Should I go out with him?
How many siblings did prince Philip of the united kingdom have?
Why do some Christians accept evolution?
How to begin my MtF transition as a teen by myself?
If Evolution is true how did the Panda get the black eye?
What gives people this kind of bravery?
What are the best things to do if you made a terrible mistake against God?
Greek Mythology question?
Any celebrities who are neopagans?
Since we pay taxes for protection, what's wrong with paying Jizya tax?
Would it be rude to start a Mexican wave in church?
So are Catholics really saved?
Atheists do you believe in the subconscious mind? It's not detectable by our 5 senses either?
Is it normal that im afraid of music?
The Coming of the Lord: Will there be a higher birthrate?
If someone opposes same sex marriage, is there a way to change their mind?
what was your most impossible dream in life?
The Dragnet shows always claim to be true stories with only the names changed. Is that actually true?
Why is the whole world so biased?
A Chinese girl at my work has complained that I was racist towards her.?
Serbo-Croatian: Conjugation in the future?
Is everyone biased towards what they already believe?
What are the Rights of your Neighbour [Muslim or Non Muslim] in Islam?
if it happened 4 years ago does Anthony have any right to complain about it?
what does it mean being a pimping-ride?
Athiests why did Jesus say tho 'nobody comes to my father except me' if he is not here to save us?
Atheists and Christians what to you think of this experience I had last night?
Why do religious people (of any religion) are so convinced that THEIR God and their set of beliefs are the?
What is the bravest thing you've ever done?
Athiests if Jesus didn't die for our salvation won't we have no hope to go to Heaven?
Why do some girls say you are fine when you are obese?
Valentines Day Question What Should I do, wait or not wait?
Do gay people dislike Christians?
Why do people always say that Lucifer/The Devil was the most beautiful angel?
What does Islam say about promises and Lying?
Christians: Why does god have to save us from god?
Would you rather your child be a homeless, penniless Christian or a billionaire atheist?
Do you believe everything on this earth happens for some reason?
Is simplicity really the best?
Ramadan: Just curious - Who said masturbation is haram?
When was Allamah Kashmiri born?
Is it haram to have sex in general?
Why do we lead our little sheltered lives believing we are safe from the world?
What do you say about this statement?
Isn't Science the same as Religion? It talks about multiverses, superstrings which can never be tested?
Who wrote Bayanul Quran and what is the subject?
Why can't weird people see that I am straight?!?
How many men should be there at least to hold a Friday prayer?
When You Know Your Religion Is Deluded?
Why would homosexuals ever forgive religious leaders and religion for all of their persecution?
Christians only: Is it Biblical to teach every human being sinful and in need of God’s grace and forgiveness?
Why is this recruiter always viewing my work profile?
Charity in the U.S.: a little advice...?
Evolution is a lie.....?
Aren't Athiests secretly trying to deny Creationism when they deny Intelligent Design?
Do bullies always win?
Why do Athiests dismiss creationism when very intelligent people is trying to teach us?
What careers can I pursue with a shady online degree from a known diploma mill?
Creationists, if high schools started teaching comparative mythology, would that make you happy?
What time is it in America now?
French for one sentence?
am I the only one that thinks the bible was written to control people's lives?
is being Amish and Jewish the same thing?
Why is it so common for skeptics to fixate on Atheism?
Christians Question...?
Any tips on converting to Buddhism?
What does Namaz (Muslim prayer) look like for a non-Muslim person?
Are they demons [NEED TO KNOW]?
English Grammar Help Please?
How do I live an exemplary life like Jesus to help Athiests?
Are we humans related to Adam and Eve?
Where can I purchase a crocoduck hunting license?
Who is the most senior African monarch?
is This mistake as Non-Muslim claims ?? lets fine out?
Do you believe being transgendered is a sin?
What is the best quickie, DIY method of spiritual cleansing?
Christian Evolution......?
Language: How to translate this sentence structure?
What is the meaning of \Bismillah hi Rahman nir Rahim\?
Can we convert everyone to be Christians if we make one conversion every second? How long it would take?
twice my faith was tested in my dreams, need a 2nd opinion?
Why do religious believers decry science and instead try to promote mythology?
How would you describe the color blue to someone who is blind and has never seen before?
Who do you think is the least royal of all the British royals?
I just violently vomited because of the new design of the site, what shall I do now?
Why is this harsh comment against Christians !?
If Athiesm is true then who was the first Athiests?
Do you think Christians will cut off the Old Testament from the Bible?
Is being fat a sin?please answer?
I have a question , islam?
atheists: have you ever been to a desert?
Why are guys' first instinct is to look at boobs?
Was Pontius Pilate any good at Pilates?
What race do you find most attractive?
Can you suggest impartial therapists for transitioning?
Did Jesus really have a resErection?
What is the difference between Magic and Supernatural?
Science claims Global warming is true but how come it's really cold outside and snowed a lot?
Why did white Christian Religious leaders denounce the teaching of MLK?
Where in the bible does JESUS say that being gay is bad?
How would you describe the ticklish feeling?
Why do I leave the O out of G-D and you keep the o in your gods ?
Have Christians today turned their own God into a God of war, hate, and judgement?
Native English speakers who are good at English, could you help me, please?
Why were Jews God's chosen race?
What is made clear in the Bible?
Which is the best book of detailed Tafsir of the holy Quran in English language?
Ramadan-In Islam are you allowed to do IVF?
Are God and Jesus related?
Why didn't Voldemort ask a Death-Eater to kill Harry Potter?
Is there a cure for being transgendered?
What is the meaning of John 1:1 does it prove Jesus to be God?
Who's the most barbaric character in the New American Standard Bible?
Do Christians believe in evolution?
If the Titanic was sinking in 2014, do you think men would yield their lifeboats to women?
If Humans and Apes have common ancestor.............?
Muslims : When was the last time you thought about death and in what way?
What do you personally mean by morals and morality? \?
What is the first chapter in the holy Quran chronologically?
Should my mother keep getting Christmas gifts for her aunts who never reciprocate?
Who will give Grayson Perry his CBE?
native English speakers plz answer?
help with english slang?
How does arabic sound to the ear of a non arabic speaker?
How can I help a foreign friend learn English well?
Is it bad to share about addiction on social media?
Over 9,00,000 people visit the Jehovah's Witness website a day?
Are guys like me attractive?
Christian and Addicted to Porn and Masturbation?
Is it God's will for us to be vegetarians?
Where can I find a Muslim wife who is good looking and intellectual?
anything else I should add?
Atheists, did the apostle Paul exist?
Is there a four witnessses nececssity for punishing rape, premarital and extramarital?
Do you think hell is having to spend eternity on earth with jehovah witnesses?
Do animals have morals?
WHAT IS THE MEANING OF TAMIL WORD ILLYA IN ENGLISH OR HINDI?
Are JW's Just Witnesses at Jehovah's Trial?
can any christian provide one shred of evidence of god that's not hearsay?
Why would god need to send angels to Sodom and Gomorrah if he is all knowing?
I am looking for the Chinese characters for a number of words.?
Do atheists claim that morality is a societal construct?
Death is not the end.Death is not the end.You need to be insecure if you are not born again.You must be born a?
How do Indians feel about Srilankans and Srilanka?
What is 'Star Trek' called in Spanish-speaking countries?
Please translate english to french 10 points?
Sunnis, what is wrong with Shias; and Shias, what is wrong with Sunnis?
Plot twist:What is Satan is actually the good guy...?
Swedish language Question - Endast/Enda?
Thinking about having sex with my brother... And have gender issues. Confused...?
Atheist, do you believe aliens played a role in human evolution?
Life is so depressing I dont believe in god.....?
Why don't Jews believe the mission of the messiah is to come and die for the sins of mankind?
Why do the Jews think that Jesus was NOT their Messiah?
How do I write this title in French?
Should I even bother applying for this job?
Difference between theistic evolution and intelligent design?.?
Is sign language the same across the globe?
Was this a racial statement?
Theists. Do you think that religious organisations should have a say in Government?
Could John Lennon have been right that God is just a concept in our minds...?
if you were born and raised in US, plz answer?
Do christians understand how their religion came upon?
I wonder if anyone here has heard about the grand canyon? grammatically correct?
Theologically speaking, what is the difference between a mediator and an intercessor?
I would like to know if others belive in aliens as much as i do?
what's a good way to manage time?
Is there an etiquette with deleting people on Facebook?
Ramadan: Do people change or do they just lose themselves for sometime?
I'm socially awkward?
How come Minorites-Blacks and Latinos seem to act different in Canada compared to American ones?
Why am I so attracted to asian girls?
Is this grammatically correct?
Most effective way to learn Korean aside from jumping headfirst into the fire?
What possesses a person to a suicide bomb or school or post office or hospital and airport shootings?
Should all ancient Jewish books that Jesus and the apostles never quoted from be left out of the canon?
ONLY NATIVE translation japanese GOOD or I'll REPORT IDIOT ANSWERs?
How do you know what Bible rules to follow?
How to find a man of God? (Christian)?
Why did Ethiopian Jews not follow the decision by Palestinian Jews to remove apocrypha from the canon?
whats the polite way to say \you can call me Erica?\?
Whether a relationship is possible without physical intimacy?
Are there any transsexual MPs in the world other than?
Atheists - Do you sometimes pray just encase there is a God?
Near-Death Experience for any LGBT Person? Anyone?
Which one is correct ... ?
Why do i have commitment problems?
English speakers... Please tell me the nuance?
Tagalog speakers, help please. :)?
Why do people think banning guns will stop killers from killing?
Is it normal that everytime when I see my girl we have a lot of sex,?
Dear Americans, according to you, what are the factors which have contributed towards making US so prosperous?
Looking for reviews of a tarot spread I designed?
What would the world be like if muhammed failed to win a single battle in his initial conquests?
is that okay to use the word \guy\ in the presentations?
Why did late protestants opt to follow the canon formalized in 90 AD by Jewish rabbis?
Islam is true religon?
What would the world be like if the crusades never happened?
Why do people bother to wear pajamas in public?
Which of the following activities is the worst in Allah's eyes and which are 100% forgivable?
Muslims : Did Bashar al asad die ?
Is is safe to say now that i'm 40 years old with over 2 million dollars girls are starting to like me now?
suppose jesus already came back and the rapture and Armageddon are pretty much over?
Which religion included books now considered apocrypha into the septuagint?
Unique and romantic valentine day gift ideas?
Why do men believe they have the right?
How old is the protestant canon of the Bible?
True of False : I would rather believe in the existence of Aliens than that of God.?
How common is it for a Masonic Lodge and a Magical group to share a building?
Work Dresscode etiquette - Is this outfit consider Smart or Business Casual?
Is Jailhouse Rock the best Elvis Presley song...?
Why do native Americans love alcohol so much?
Boy troubles.. Why are you not surprised?
Do you think some Muslims are over the top?
Why did he shake my hand like this?
can a pregnant lady do vashikaran puja?
Farsi speaker please translate!!?
Who decided for us what books should be included in the bible and when?
Native English speakers who are good at English, could you help me, please?
Christians: Am I a prophet?
Ladies: What food do you crave when...?
The teachings of which religion appeals you the most irrespective of your own personal beliefs?
What if it's the year 12014 and Jesus still hasn't returned?
Why are people with atheistic ideas demonized?
Is it wrong for a christian too hate a non believer?
japanese Translator in the image in the link thank you?
Is everything about Christianity homophobic?
I don't know about this.?
what would you do if you inherited money?
How Does it feel to be an orphan?
Will version of the bible is less homophobic: the Old Testament or the New Testament?
Do girls like guys that shave their legs?
Do most guys get earpiere on their earlobs and if yes, why in the world?
Why do so many people do this?
What did Jesus come to do on earth?
Valentine's day card...... Should I go for it?
What is USA's problem with Canada and France?
Would you rather be a sociopath or an empath?
What is the point or logic of life after death?
In your opinion, which one is *The* Church?
Are you reading a corrupt Bible?
Do White people think that Asian people are ugly?
I need help translating a few sentences into Japanese?
non catholic at catholic school mass?
Is it safe to dismiss the existence of something if it is defined by attributes that contradict one another?
When did Draupadi and Krishna first meet?
How many are staying with Yahoo Answers now that it's all purple?
What exactly is a \white country\?
Could religions exist if the fear of Gods couldn't be used as a tool to manipulate people?
guys & girls please helppp?
Has there been recreational use...?
Senior citizens: What was the best decade of your life?
how do i go about asking another guy out?
Why are non-muslims forbidden from entering Mecca when Muslims are allowed into Jerusalem?
Honor your father and mother. DF JW?
could my girl best friend be into me?
if poor people can't provide for their kids why won't they just please themselves to prevent it?
How would one say \The Rugged Desert\ in Arabic?
Can a convicted felon be a Freemason?
Why can't people just answer the question[?
How is it man's fault that the PERFECT love of Jesus and Holy Spirit wasn't enough for God?
I was born in 92, what kind of music is associated with people my age?
The Legend of Korra: Avatar Wan is...?
I think i had a dream about Jesus Christ.?
How long should I wait before contacting my Ex?(Serious please help)?
What does someone mean when they say that someone \looks gay\?
Spiritually speaking, \Were those the days\ when \they were movin' on up\?
Losing faith in God.... Please help?
Would It Be Funny If This Whole Entire World Starts Becoming Saved?
Do the Jehovah's Witnesses have an official website? And if so, can I sign up for a free home Bible study?
A good quote an agnosticism?
Why do a lot of people blast triades of profane and vain babblings against faith, religion, or spirituality?
Are my writings sinful? (Christians Only)?
Seniors: I need info abt alcohol rehab centers?
How do I know if my straight best friend is bicurious?
Does this guy like me??
Was circumcision common/the norm in England circa 1950?
Why do black people always. . .?
Should I have sex with my two possibly bisexual friends?
What religion is this?
Do you hope and dream that someday we will beat all of our weapons into plowshares, and never war again?
I don't get this thing called atheism?
Im Russian guy really liking this Black girl that go to my college is it wrong to talk to her?
Im worried that I'll marry someone who isnt muslim?
How do you say jalapeño in Spanish?
How long should I wait before contacting my Ex?(Serious please help)?
As an athiest, why should I be forced to financially support religious institution of marriage through taxes?
how hard is it to learn portuguese?
How to get her number?
Why is the abomination that causes desolation known as the image of jealousy?
Russian black widows, are Sunnis or Shiite?
I read of an old person saying that the lustre of atheism diminishes as the end nears. What does that mean?
How old was Jesus when he was crucified?
I think the ppl I work for are taking advantage of me how can I talk to them and what should I say ?
Is God trying to prevent me from moving forward?
I wondwer which is right.?
What do these symbols mean?
If Jesus was a Jew then why…?
When will the World End?
What's a good stripper pole for my apartment?
People who are familiar with Norse Mythology, specifically Ragnarok?
Why Bahrain is controlled by Sunni Saudis, if their people are Shiite?
Do atheists take light waves and their metaphors for granted?
English Sentence Meaning Help?
Do you believe that you can tell who somebody is by the way that they look?
Why Jesus did not Return yet?
Does it bug you to no end when people give you unsolicited advise?
Help me please need advice?
Meditation and getting High??
how do you feel loved?
Does our whole universe moving?
Who or what told you there is no God?
A little question about cyber bullying?
Girlfriend is selfconcious about her boobs........?
is this joke transphobic?
How do I talk to the school counsler?
hey tadashi what do you believe about spirituality?
How can I get a detailed scope about my German ancestrys etiquette etc...?
Valentines day is coming and im scared that another boy will ask the girl i like to his valentine before i do?
Are you truly heaven bound?
Where can I find me a good Satanic wife?
Naitve English speakers who are good at English, could you help me, please?
Is it a sin to laugh at a chubby guy in dress clothes trying to run?
R&S: Why would someone get a cold vibe from a pic as warm as mine?
Should we base our sexuality off of the story of the Garden of Eden or off of Sodom and Gomorrah?
Will Catholic church ever be Popless?
Where can I find me a good Christian wife?
Spiritually speaking, why do you like soul food?
Transgender Questions?
Christians, why do you think homosexuality is unnatural?
I have a full fledged red alarm valentines day emergency on my hands?
When watching tv comercials advertising drugs i notice no one dies,people only have a fatal event.?
no hesitation and no holding back?
How would you say \timing\ or \tempo\ en Español?
How do you correct someone's spelling?
Ramadan, why do Arabs hate nonArab Muslims so much ?
Why does it bother some people when they see someone who buttoned the top button without a tie?
Where Mary and Joseph maried?
Studies on bilinguals?
can I tattoo a Jewish star if im not Jewish?
Why does everyone hate on BeatsByDre?
Should I ask a girl if I can lift her?
does the Israeli army practice jewjitsu?
Is Cara Delevigne gay or bi?
Which is the correct formula for baptism, Matthew 28:19 or Acts 2:38?
Spiritually speaking atheists when christians tell you to say grace what do you say ?
I saw two teen girls kissing in public when I went for a late walk, that unusually brave for young lesbians?
Why are Jesus words at John 8:17,18 significant?
If being an alcoholic means being addicted to alcohol does being catholic mean being addicted to cats?
Define believe in salvation terms?
Do you ever doubt the existence of the Lord?
Why am I confused, sad, and certain? sexual identity crisis?
why does this girl hate me :-(?
Any kerser facts people wanna share?
What does John 1:1 really prove?
Why are girls attracted to D-bags?
What if by accepting your god, I piss off a far greater god and have to face a far greater punishment?
I need help about the english?
Bible hypocrisy explain this?
is there a polite way to say \I have been to America. \?
Do you think some folks get sadomasochistic jouissance from condemning others or?
Is telepathy evolving?
Was i being rude for swearing?
Why do people get so mad when you talk about religion?
Are signs and wonders part of the true church in the last days?
Can you help me please?
What are some free resources to use for learning Spanish?
Was Jesus Considered to Be God?
Why do japanese hate whales and dolphins?
Why do Latino pochos have no identity at all?
What is my sexuality?
Why don't more people believe in simulated reality?
would Jehovah's Fitness be a good name for a gym?
why do atheists say this?
what is this religion(cult) called?
Do you have a struggle with sin or do you justify it?
Jehovahs Witnesses - Why are you not allowed to be friends with worldly people (those who are not JWs) ?
How can i bust down the GAY closet door?!?!?
Where can I find unbiased information on satanism?
Does anyone else love the band 30 secods to Mars ??!?
The Bible says to Study to show yourselves approved, how are you fulfilling this scripture in life with God?
Christians, is god testing my strength or something?
is it ok to randomly email a professor you don't know for them to help you on a project?
What are some worlds that haven't been taking?
What is Christian Discipleship?
Wouldn't you agree that neither Government nor God have any right to tell you what to do in your bedroom?
When kids ask their parents what they're doing, should they say \Making babies\, or lie to them?
(Matthew 20:23) If Jesus were really God, would that not have been a lie?
just putting it out there....?
Do Christians have a desperate need to KNOW but are too lazy to LEARN?
First official university in the world was in a Muslim country (Morocco). T/F?
Is it rude to take pictures with Queen's Guards in London?
Why is it that porn makes sex look so good like if it's not ?
Im not racist but why do some black people call themselves by the N word? they are putting themselves down !?
So when Yahoo goes bewbs up, are my contacts going to stay in touch or what?
What is the meaning of this passage? I don't understand this very well.?
What are some things I can do with my mom?
Does a scientist with faith in Christianity live a Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde lifestyle?
Will I get to have super close friendships with everyone in Heaven?
When a woman won't date you but says i wish my boyfriend was more like you. What does this mean?
Does Jesus baptism prove the Trinity false?
The only way you can KNOW something is true is if there is evidence or logic that supports it, right?
what if you had a vision of the risen Lord, Jesus Christ?
Are \What Would The Devil Do?\ bracelets a good marketing idea? please explain your answer.?
Those of you who believe stones can heal...?
Very fast convincee god is real?
In love with \straight\ best friend; is he gay?
If curiosity and control are the primary motives for our knowing, will we follow a path that leads to death?
atheists: do you read the daily mash?
Is it wrong to tell people that are not welcome if.....?
What are some consequences of violating the law of chastity?
Why are Christians good at winning arguments?
I have very bad anxiety all the time, can anyone help?
Does the Bible make any mention of mountains before the great flood ?
Are these good valentines day ideas for me & my girlfriend ?
atheists: do you have more in common with christians that share your political views?
How can any religion speak the truth when we don't know where we came from, where God came from or?
Once you open your mind to faith, you could let in any superstitious nonsense or con-artist tricks, right?
Can religions really prove the existence of God?
Why I did not succeed in killing myself?
We know that dinosaurs were lizards, so why are the giant lizards of today, i,e elephants and rhinos not?
Is faith a path to certainty or a path to delusion and self-deception?
R&S: How can I repent for my statue worship?
I don't belong in society?
Is it a mortal sin to do a mortal sin but think it venial?
Christians: will you admit that having FAITH that something is true is not the same as KNOWING it's true?
LDS where does it say that mankin will become like the angels, and does this mean, they are/ will becom angels?
Do you consider Portuguese, Spaniards and Italians white?
How do YOU explain the Shround of Turin?
atheists: is william lane craig one of the better apologists?
Why did the memorial invitation from 2013 from WTBTS have no crown of thorns on Jesus head and no blood?
Are Christians more loving?
*DING-DING-DING*>Thats the sound for the dumbest question of the day.What was it?
Is sex as good as everyone says?
How can I stay in the Christmas Spirit year round?
A new creationist argument I heard – we find dinosaur fossils on the top of mountains because...?
When is it okay to start asking for time off at a new part-time job?
How can we endeavour to ensure only serious questions and answers on this section?
How to properly read this dates like this \Feb. 7-23\?
Native English speakers who are good at English, could you help me, please?
Christians: will you admit you don't KNOW there is a god – you BELIEVE there is a god?
How can I tell if I have a good spirit (relative or unknown spirit) in my house?
my school is all white? How do i cope?
How does a white women act when meeting asian man's parents for first time?
Why don't we find human and dinosaur fossils together?
If the queen wasn't of noble blood but married the king, would she still have the title of queen?
Is it possible that I'm transsexual?
Best job for retired folks?
Why do Christians always have to resort to bizarre tactics to win an argument?
Why are Christians so scared of anything not complying to mainstream beliefs?
Why do some Christians in R&S call atheists \arrogant\?
what do you think about this.my?
What royal title would my character have?
Most Americans live in Sin?
Lgbt intimacy issues with talking and roughness?
We are having sexual feelinag for each other?
Do you think the world would be a better place if religion didn't exist.?
Was I jerk or did she overreact?
What exactly makes the Gospel of Mary false?
Is gods miracle juice made from the same stuff the universe is?
How often do people use romantic love to replace religion in their lives?
Christians Help Please....?
God question must answer?
Is the name of one of the most accurate Gospel songs ever called...?
Should the Queen order that the foreigner who made a citizen's arrest on Tony Blair be deported?
This guy shouted gay slurs at me in an amusement park. Did I do the right thing?
Why Do People Hate Texas?
Lots of people say when i talk it sounds like theres alot of spit in my mouth!?
What makes the Bible so much better than the Koran?
cheap Valentine's day gift?
Ramadan, married Muslims answer this question?
Why don't atheists listen to the logical arguments for Creationism anymore?
What would you do? If your neighbor's 18 year old daughter kept missing her driveway and running over...?
Why is in falsely said that Catholics are responsible for giving us the bible?
God or Science explain? devine powers or good luck ?
Who is lower on the evolutionary latter < Atheists or Christians?
help me english speakers?
Why did Jesus call the Pharisees, serpents?
This question is for \Black Men\ only. Do you agree that Blonde hair on black women looks terrible?
Why does people think faith is good?
While I was going through my neighbours bins I noticed several love letters...I am worried for her purity?
Can you rationally explain the virgin birth?
What is the difference between Looking HOMELY and Having a FACE Only a MOTHER Could Love looks wise?
What Was God Doing....?
Why do guys show their underwear?
How can humans have evolved from apes when the human race was around thousands of years before apes were?
At what time was gay-lesbian attraction no longer considered a mental illness?
Is homosexuality genetic like passed down from one ancestor to the descendent?
Why was Jesus asked to feed his sheep three times?
What kind of things to senior citizens enjoy getting from younger citizens?
Q: Cool gift ideas for a hunter?
Why do i like lesbian porn?
I want to be gay, but I dont want to go to hell.?
Most people agree that early man tamed and domesticated many types of dinosaur?
Why does Allah ask Muslims to not associate with non-believers...?
Why does Allah ask Muslims to not associate with non-believers...?
Is it okay to say \Over Glorify the Feudal Aristocrat\ rather than \Praise the Lord\?
was it a fairy a real fairy i saw!?
Why are Evolutionists still trying to push a billion year old universe with no evidence ?
if he's 19 do i have to call him the grownup in the wheelchair or can i still call him the kid in the?
Did Jesus lose his faith at the cross?
Gays who watch Coronation Street. Please help me with this.?
Brothers and Sisters, what can we do?
How Did She Know I Was Interested?
why do Muslim terrorist want to destroy everything?
Can Jesus cure knee osteoarthritis/osteoarthritis?
If GOD is real why are people dumb enough to be snorting smarties?
is it appropriate to goose-step when walking?
Is anyone familiar with Russian?
What has Romantically Attracted you to someone that wasn't based on Looks,Personality,$, or Material Item?
Why do atheists say that God isn't real in their heart when they should be using their mouths?
does darkness even exist?
Why does God make us read what sin is instead of just putting it in our brains to begin with?
Does anyone else feel a bit unimpressed with the whole...?
Religion doesn't matter?
How can we be sure that our definition of Good is correct?
Why is it that Christians have committed most murders and annihilation of people on earth?
Would you go skydiving after your parents death?
Christians, help me understand:?
Catholics two questions for you?
What do you think Jesus would say about the things done in his name?
Would the world be a more moral and spiritual place if the Cathars won?
As the sun and the moon orbit the earth their dark sides face the heavens..we know this from satelite?
Spiritually, why do we assume that Good will prevail over Evil?
Atheists time to find Jesus?
You do good deeds in order to benifit other people and not yourself?
Atheist's why are you asking silly questions on R/S?
While atheists and scientists agree that miracles like Mohamed flying on a Buraq and Jonah living in a fish?
Isn't if funny how some Christians will deny theories like evolution claiming...?
Would it have been better if...?
If you're saved but don't really live by the bible, do you have a good chance of going to hell?
Is Kinga a common Polish name?
What has become of that poor lass Marina Ogilvy, daughter of HRH Princess Alexandra?
Is this an appropriate Halloween joke or could I hurt someone's feelings?
Why are retail stores mostly catering to bigger people now and forgetting about skinny people?
Does Christianity = Negativity?
Do gay guys give better head?
Am I still a lesbian if the only guy I want to be with is Justin Bieber?
What do you think Destiny's Child would've been like if Latoya Luckett never left?
Why did the roman soldiers cast lots for Jesus' clothing?
Christians,jews and Atheist did you know that the Sun's Magnetic Field is About to Flip?
Why are people's hands lighter than their faces?
Atheists: Would you baptize your infant son if it would really make your mom happy?
What the most worst porn video ever?
Is it not equally forbidden for muslims guy to place his pic in avatar?
who is your favorite knight?
Are the governing body of JW's going to tell the members to drink koolaide?
Which do you prefer, religious dogma or the dogma of scientism?
Does the average mestizo Mexican look more European?
Do Australians know what a really cold day actually feels like?
Jehovah's witness. How do women date in the relogion?
What does mean ''novinha gostosa da buceta lisa''?
When to use Te and Le in spanish?
What do Christians mean when they say God speaks to them?
Has anyone ever eaten human's before?
How to translate this japanese sentence brief that sound native?
Do you guys believe on ghosts?
Is it tacky to offer bridal hair/makeup as a wedding gift?
Ramadan... is this wrong?
Should sober drivers that CAUSE a car crash get at least get the same punishment as?
Why, to this day, do women still gat payed less than men?
Do most men prefer slim over curvy?
How long before mainstream 'Education' of our children's children?
I'm a straight male but I enjoy wearing pantyhose under my man clothing. What word would describe me best?
Christians: is your god incapable of committing any act of \sin\?
Is this the right approach to getting someone to pray?
Christians, prove that your god exists.?
how do you say this? (Korean)?
Help me please! I will award best answer with points!?
Are you afraid of satan?
Does God have emotions like anger, rage, greed, and cruelty ?
I need to write a letter in Spanish but I don't know how to speak the language.. :-\\?
How is there more than one ark in the bible?
Is Yeshua's message a social, political one?
Who or what is the antichrist?
Now that I'm an adult ,looking back getting paddled [spanked] was nothing like the punishments I get now?
What or who is the false prophet?
Is it gullible to say psychics are con artists but James Randi isn't?
How to talk about a threesome and open relationship...?
Was Hyacinth Bucket ever presented to HM the Queen, perhaps at a royal garden party?
How can we trust the bible when it claims the earth is flat?
What is the significance of Jesus rising from the dead?
Do you believe in satan?
What do you think are the three temptations of Jesus and are we tempted in the same way?
When a theory is based on an untestable assumption (all life evolved from a common ancestor), does it ..?
Why do Christians bend the rules of Christianity?
Which Televangelist is the biggest scam artist and why?
how to live a normal life as a child?
Would you make last minute changes, if God came back now?
Why should homosexual marriage be illegal?
Is this proof that man walked with dinosaurs?
Who or what told you there was no God?
Are Christianity and fascism compatible with one another?
what effect do you think negative comments take on others?
What do you think this verse means?
Why do Catholics bow to statues?
Do you still use e-mail for personal conversation?
Have you ever walked through the meadow and awaken the angels that are sleeping among the wild honeysuckles?
Does HRH Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall curtsey on her right or left toe?
except Popes ! how many people of faith have seen jesus?
Have You Heard of 120 Days of Sodom?
How do you interpret this verse from Gospel of Thomas?
Were adam and eve created as babies or full grown adults?
I need some tips for remembering to write thank you notes and keep up on correspondence. What works?
Why do we think obelisks, pyramids, are religious things, when have identical design in so different places?
Has Santa Clause always been celerbated at Christmas in the USA?
would you like to know the truth about six of the most important questions that humans have ever asked?
Why should i work??????????????/?
Is this grammatically correct: \Everybody shall sat down\!?
Ramadan - How to calm down when anxious?
How hard is Dutch to learn?
Catholics, if Peter Purcell is able to get Atheists back in Church would he be recognized for sainthood?
True believers can command angels, Can you command angels?
Thoughts on this quote?
Ramadan-I feel so depressed and I feel like Allah hates me?
Mormons why dont you guys like girl scouts?
Isn't the story of Jesus much more powerful without the magic tricks?
How did god come up with creating earth?
If all of gods creations are perfect, what went wrong?
Could someone check over my spanish answers?
Is \Always yield to temptation\ a sound philosophy for a happy life?
Where can I download the audio pronunciation of all English words?
Spiritually speaking are you enjoying the snow right now ?
Is there a way to get to heaven from Earth?
Why doesn't god forgive satan?
Which translated Quran do you read?
Why do christians eat the flesh and drink the blood of their god?
Prove god doesn't exists.?
Is \How do you like them apples?\ different to \How do you like them?\?
Does this sound cute or clingy to text to someone your dating?
Catholics where does it say there is more than one Mediator?
Very controversal, but why is it wrong to not support gay marriage?
Would it be wise to seek the God or master of all knowledge?
Do you think I am gay?
If you were in the Matrix, would you take the blue pill or the red pill?
If you could travel back in time, which era would you prefer?
why do christians think they are moderate ,yet still believe in extreme fantasies like god?
Why can't we see the God ? Is there anyone who have seen God ?
Are people active in R&S years ago still here with other names?
How do you deal with being goth at school?
What would I do if a Christian tries to convert me?
should I believe he's straight?
so if your only required the faith the size of a mustard seed to move a mountain?
Is it sinful to surgically remove sperm which contains a disability from its original owner?
Creepiest websites I can visit?
why was queen victoria so fond of kaiser?
I need help finding faith. ONLY RELIGIOUS PEOPLE ANSWER THIS PLEASE?
atheists: what place would you most like to visit?
when did the myth about werewolves start?
If God Exist, what created him?
Does Thomas Monson know who will win the super bowl?
How did you learn to like the way you look?
Now that I find myself, I'm scared to know where I'm going after death?
If God is the Crater..............?
Catholics, could you pray without the statues?
Where can I download the audio pronunciation of all English words?
My valentines day plans . What should I take off & leave ?
Italian: What is the feminine form of Gemelli?
Atheists ask If the Universe needs a creator, why doesnt god? If god doesn't need a creator why does the..?
Why do Christians need god for morals?
Why do some people think beliefs over rule facts?
why do we have a black holiday?
Ramadan : what's a jilbab ?
does this sound cute or clingy to text to someone your dating?
Who sounds more Canadian and who more illegal alien, the guy defending Israel or the \Palestinians\?
Which has more processed gunk in it: Scientology, Christianity or Pot Noodle?
What do you think about World Hijab Day?
Ramadan-Is it haram to wish you weren't born?
Why are Americans obsessed with their flag?
What's so scary about evil leprechauns?
Is being gay a sin? Please answer?
Islamically speaking - Is this a good enough reason to want to live?
Real life hunger games?
Where can I take my shahadah?
Atheists, is evolution and Genesis like O.J. Simpson' s glove?
Is Allah answering my Dua?
Is this sentence correct?how can I fix it?(10 points)?
do christians not care that you have to intact in your grave for judgment day anymore?
ramadan--- say would it be haraam?
do you like big butts and can not lie?
Should i destroy all my pictures from childhood or friends parties?
I'm writing a new Bible, what do you think of my first passage?
in your own wisdom teach me why Jesus lacks the insight to make some as pure as him?
Can you have religion and evolution?
Does White women find Asian men attractive at all?
How do I bring the best out of myself?
would it be wrong to use dead people as fuel or food ,or some recyclable source?
Why do non catholic christians often claim that catholics are not chritians?
Which do you believe in? Abortion or Evolution? Explain citing verses?
In the Old Testament, why would parents stone their kids if they're disobedient?
Polygamy and Sham marriages?
Come Christians show me how much you praise the Lord?
Are you looking forward to the Feb. 4, 2014 Creation v Evolution debate?
Whish is more haram? Listening to...?
Ramadan : are brains halaal ?
Fireball has almost 500,000 point and 14% best answer rate?
In reality the god of this world is man and the devil both trying desperately to destroy this world?
Xians who accept evolution, why did your God forget to mention evolution in His Word?
In Romans 11:10, why did David ask the Lord to give haters a permanently bowed back?
Ideas for my 17th birthday?
Isn't 'life after death' an obvious oxymoron?
If martyrdom is the highest form of honor to Allah, then why are 1.6 billion Muslims still alive?
Mandarin Chinese help?
Has there ever been a moment when the asker of almost every question you click on has blocked you?
If evolutionists were born in the 1600s would they have been the flat-earthers?
Is America the modern Sodom?
IS BAR MITSVAH AND BAT MITSVAH IN THE JEWISH SCRIPTURES?
Light always overpowers darkness?
What is the most faith building experience you have ever had?
what or where is good places I can learn about the story or journey of the myth of Osiris and Isis.?
Have you ever received a genuine miracle from God?
Im lost............so lost....where do I go...?
Should I study \formal\ or \casual\ Japanese, and which dialect should I study?
Anyone else get aggravated by kids coming in here looking for homework help?
Did Jesus pass wind or was he too nice?
Ramadan. Why is Muzakrat not happening with the Pak Taliban?
Are there any non-Christians who do not believe the Bible is sexist?
Why do Muslims claim the Quran is PERFECT when there are so many mistakes in it?
Why don't christians follow the whole bible?
Do you have to have a boyfriend/girlfriend to be validated as someone that is loved?
Why do some Christians think that God is one person, when the Bible shows his plurality?
For those who reject hadith: is it just a q of time when they reject the quran?
Valentines Day Gift for my Boyfriend?
What have you been rejoicing about to the Lord ?
What jobs do old ladies do? My mom needs a job?
How far is heaven where God lives?
Hello! please help! anyone can translate this from japanese?
Is Russia weaker country than China? Will it be defeated by China if there is a war between them?
what do you think of this verse describing Gideon who had many wives?
why do people forget Muslims first protected Christians and Jews for centuries?
Atheists are your short-changing yourself?
is hell a more peaceful place than heaven ,as there has never been a war in hell?
What time do the good LGBT questions start getting asked?
Starting the bible with a confusing allegory / fable, really the best way Yahweh can share his perfect message?
Why do women in north america have manly voices?
Where does it say in the quran that women will enter paradise?
In case of bare handed one on one fight, soldiers of which country are most powerful?
what if Jesus was in a sealed room that is completely filled with water?
Why did duryodhan go to heaven in Mahabharat ?? 10 points?
Christians, why am I older than so many people?
Is Russia a weak or powerful country? Which countries out of the following will lose if engaged in war with it?
Have you been the light of JESUS in someones dark world?
Is life a proof of God?
Senior citizens, if you oppose socialism why are you disgruntled by people of means?
What will be the consequence if monkey population spreads rapidly across world and they are causing danger?
Can we relate to God?
What would you do if your son came out to you by cooking a cake saying \I ? penis\?
What are the ages called in Elvish?
French: do they say 'Oui, je vois' (like 'Yes, I understand'?
Why do people that have never done drugs rant on them so bad?
Do most atheists support the wolf in sheep clothing?
are you suppose to hand write or type in an application form for X factor and such?
How long is the official court mourning for a prince?
Christians, Is William Lane Craig?
Can someone go by their middle name even though they normally go by their first name?
How do I know if my decision is correct in God's eyes?
What type of relationship did the king have with his friend?
Where In The KJV Does It Say \Go and Make Disciples\?
Favorite Christian prayer/piece of scripture?
I listen to punk music and i hate it when people talk rude to me, any ideas?
How to get rid of monkeys who have started living entire day near house and cause damage, attack us etc.?
other than countries what is the difference between english people and australian people?
This girl I know wants my dog tags.?
Would a European plumber or janitor be welcome to work in the hood?
It is one thing to be atheist. But why do so many HATE religion? What happened in your childhood?
Am I bisexual or something?
Jesus & God can't be bribed but what about St. Peter?
Christians,are all abortion wrong from a moral/biblical point of view?
Why am I sexually attracted to the color blue?
Was christianity made popular by terrorism?
How much does it Grieve a Muslim when Allah ? & His Messenger ? are being slandered with lies?
why do people react to religion in such masses and ignore true problems?
Is it true that the most violent religion would automatically be the most popular?
Is salvation best promised for after you die?
Why are all other ancient creation stories a myth, but christianities creation story is supposed to be true?
Is saying the poor could better themselves if they just wanted to a moral answer to the problem.?
What do you think of this video?
Why more racism in low income areas?
Why do some Christians think that the Father is greater than the Son when they are equal?
Were there any ancient Judaic flags that Israel used before the whte and blue flag established in 1948?
how to say this japanese sentence to sound more english?
Poll: Do you really care about others?
Do you believe in non-humans on this earth?
English grammar questions... Help me please:?
So what's the scientiffic evidence for Genesis ?
What is a good Valentine's Day gift for a crush?
How was Adam (peace be upon him) created according to the islamic narrative?
I'm a boy and wears girl stuff!?
Why are there many people now claiming that Jesus or an 'angel' took them on tours of heaven and hell?
Doesn't it seem like christianity is...?
Am I Gay Straight Or Bi?
Do so-called Protestants dishonor Mary by recognizing her sinful human nature?
Scientific proof of evolution, or creation.?
Why do people say that hellfire is an unfair punishment?
Plz translate malayalam sentence into english?
fellow kafirs only, which of these islamic practice's do you think is worst?
When it comes to questions about the Origin of Life nothing beats a Bronze Age myth book: agree or disagree?
Is an erection an automatic response?
Did you know that there are more Americans?
How do you prepare to live forever?
If the neo-darwinian evolution is just a theory, why do some insist on it being a scientific fact?
Is this the reason why people deny evolution ? Really ?
Betrothed Gay couples...?
Is Isiah18 a prophecy about bringing the Ark of Covenant back to Jerusalem from Ethiopia?
JW's is Jesus an angel or is his the almighty God our Heavenly Father who created us?
I get depressed over people who suffer in the world?
does the quran say jews are apes and pigs?
So if Jesus gave only the apostles authority to do miracles?
What is the worst thing that could happen to a human being?
Well, my parole hearing is coming up?
Question to God Believers/Theists ?
Why do we say \Mother Nature\?
What do pagans, atheists and Catholics gain from trying to suggest that Catholicism is Christianity?
Wouldn't it be pathetically embarrassing if a Theistic God actually existed?
Do you think God changed His mind about homosexuality?
Not replying to a friend's emails for 24 hours or more....is that rude or just life in the new milennium?
Are the British royal family related to the Monaco royals?
Islamically speaking - was this a dream from zeee devil?
Does men must pay all date expenses? Is it common also in USA and other countries?
did muhammed sleep with the woman in the grave?
Amos 9:4-15 has not happen YET read Jeremiah 33:25-26?
Why should Christians accept homosexuals?
Ramadan-Which is worse drinking alcohol or having sex before marriage?
Advice Needed: Should I apply for this job?
Lesbian dating a non blonde for the first time?
Who is someone who makes your head get so smiley?
How come Christians are not doing miracles like Jesus did when Jesus said they could?
Ramadan-Do you think if someone is lets say Gay - should they still get married...to a women?
Religiously speaking, which countries can you get married without a license?
Does Parliament have rights to dethrone a royal hiers base on old laws?
If you have seen the movie called The L Word, what character in this movie do you like?
YEC's: Have you had any luck proving Genesis 1:1 yet?
Why did humans create God?
What do Non-Christians do on Christmas?
When did Christmas become commercialized?
Why did God create women?
Will the council of the Beards ever meet again?
Has God/Allah/YHWH/Jesus ever appeared before you, or spoken to you during a dream or prayer?
How many blank pages are in the Atheist Book of Pages?
Isn't it nice to know R&S serves a grander purpose in it's effort to irradiate Coulrophobia?
Muslims - Have you ever felt/been alienated by another Muslim or a group/sect of Muslims?
Muslims- Do you put value to life according to religion?
How to tell if you're being used?
Are the Beards of time in our favor?
Why are my neighbors so rude?
Are alien scientists living in our oceans?
Are alien scientists living in our oceans?
Did Jesus warn us of the Military Industrial Complex and it's False Flag Operations?
Recruitment agency. Was she unprofessional or was I in the wrong?
I bleed during sex, why did this happen?
Why am I afraid to become a devoted Christian?!?
Where did the call to prayer come from?
The Babylonian Creation Story( Enuma elish )?
Do you Need your god as much as you Need your devil?
I am japanese.but I don't like japanese people.?
Forgive them Father For they do not know?
Trans women!!! My skin is pealing after a laser hair removal session?
4 keys To God's Voice.?
What does it take to see beneath apearances?
To understand numbers and how they move to create is this wrong in your eyes in your THINKING ?
What are the different types of Catholics?
ramadan you know that hadith about sleeping with a woman in their grave?
As one of Jehovah's Witnesses I believe God's Kingdom to be a government...?
does anyone know if the color purple has any international meanings....?
Did humans evolve from mermaids?
Is it correct to reject certain teachings about God because they appear inconsistent with love?
Is this a mosque....?
Discrimination at work, need advice and opinions pleas?
which user do you find yourself giving thumbs up to?
What is the difference between tarot and oracle cards?
What happens when a western christian man reads Bhagvad Gita?
What will this our planet earth be like when God's will is done on earth as it is in heaven?
Who would you select first overall in the R&S pro bowl fantasy draft?
Women with measurements in the hip 44 to 45, do people still tell you that you have a small behind?
How come the Americans not have a British accent? Wasn't it the British who brought English to America?
Why did Christians forced the Native Americans to convert to Christianity ?
How many of you can/have seen spirits?
Have you ever died and seen the \other side\? Pls share your Near Death Experience story.?
Spiritually - What is the link between 4 and 5?
If fairies don't exist, why do all cultures have stories about them?
can women drive in Saudi Arabia if they say man made laws don't apply to them?
R&S: What do you think about this quote ? How do you interpret it?
Are there any NON Spanish speaking countries in Central America?
When someone asks an important question about the Easter bunny but blocks me from helping him with it, what?
Looking for perfect Valentine's Day 2014 gift ideas for him?
BROKEBACK MOUNTAIN QUESTION. Please Answer?
why do christians think they know more about Judaism then jews?
why do women think men don't face the same problems they don't?
How should i come out to my best friend as bisexual?
everybody goes to different directions. grammatically correct?
Have you ever thought about existence and why we are here or what is our purpose?
How do we know the hope of everlasting life on earth is included in what Jesus said as recorded @ JN6:46 -51?
Why do Italians look like Camels?
Is Justin Bieber a good Christian?
Why are Asian people generally smaller than other races?
Can Christianity make a headway in Mecca?
If god loveth us why cant I loveth thy neighbour's wife?
Any statistics on atheism?
Question to God Believers/Theists ?
Is rota a very European English word or do they use it in all English speaking countries?
Did Jesus Say \Go and Make Disciples\?
Who is the uncaused cause of the universe?
What can really help us to overcome all sexual temptations?
what do schools in Minnesota do in the cold?
Am I a bad person to use my bf this way?
Doesn't it make sense that intelligence comes from intelligence, necessitating an intelligent designer?
Do babies have the tendencies to sin?
Do babies have the tendencies to sin?
If you kill someone do you gain their lifeforce?
Why doesn't my parent allow me to read the OT of the Bible?
Why was God killing babies and children in the Bible? :(?
I need a name for a rich royal family?
Is it okay to dislike men who aren't Asian or White?
Do people struggle in fear when they plan to leave their religions?
Don't some of these Christian demons sound truly frightening?
Are atheists really that innocent when it comes to beliefs being shoved down throats?
how do you maintain a gay relationship?
Atheists if humans evolved from a common ancestor with Apes then why don't they ever visit at Christmas?
What do you think about this new organized religion called new age?
R&S: What's the most terrifying fictional universe?
Atheist, if you have an earthly father, why can't you have a heavenly father?
is it possible to be both an atheist and evolutionist?
Is god actually the god of deception?
Are Christians the only ones who accept evolution?
Are gays and lesbians considered as sinners in the bible?
can someone translate this korean into english?
Do you think Philip of Grease will expire this year?
how can i tell my gay parents that im straight?
Why did GOD (if he exists) need 9 B years to create the earth, then another 4.5 billion to create Adam ?
What is your favorite Christian music?
What can I give my family for Valentine's Day?
What can I do to make this happen?
Why must one say \excuse me\ after burping or farting?
IM really confused :(?
IM really confused :(?
Are there any British royals who live in the USA?
If u had super powers would u use them for good, evil or just for your own personal gain?
Why do christians feel the need to fit the fit reality with the bible by interpreting ?
Should I ask my two recently come out female friends to have a threesome?
What's Moody Bible Institute Like?
Is this guy saying I'm undesirable or is this some kind of game, how would you describe a person like this?
Does the queen of the United Kingdom like Americans?
How do atheists find true love without praying to God for marriage first?
japanese translation that make sense?
How do you know that French and Italian had a common anscestor language like latin, if you do not find ... ?
Could a Christian please answer this?
Don't you think that interracial marriages are against God's will?
I need to know if this novel would be considered sinful, here's the quick description?
Jesus Christ told us we must be as little children what have you been taught that it means?
Even the demons knew who Jesus Christ was so why didn't the Pharisees believe that He was of God?
Many saw Paul healing the people with aprons that had anointing from God on them, was there any doubters?
Why did Paul In the name of Jesus, cast out of a damsel the spirit of divination in Acts 16:16-19?
If you know what God ought to do?
How do you defeat the devil?
What do white men truly think about black women?
Why does God tell in 1 Timothy 6:12, we are told to fight the good fight of faith?
My two friends that are girls have come out advice?
Why do atheists add falsehoods to the evidence ?
What would happen to the world if God revoked Satan's free will?
I am looking for a vampire friend to kik with any vamp up to it?
Does religion poison everything?
Learning Japanese just for anime?
Is there anyone out there who is sincere in their desire to learn the truth?
Creationists have the same evidence, so who is right?
I'm a girl wanting to be turned but I can't find a vampire?
Who's older? Death or God?
Did christians know that for every apparent answered prayer, there are tens of thousands of prayers unanswered?
Who set the laws of nature in motion?
How should i come out to my best friend as bisexual?
(English) Please help me to revise this paragraph!?
Should I Forgive Her Or Not?
I keep seeing things, starting to think something's in my house?
What people positions are there behind a royal family?
Atheists why aren't you ordained ministers, is it too tough for you, well why not give it a try?
Why are atheists accused of strawman when they describe the absurd in the Adam and Eve story ?
What does \We will take any commission\ mean?
JWs - Wouldn't it be more Christlike to embrace fellow Christians?
Spiritually speaking: When Fonzie asked a nerd to \Sit on it\ what exactly was the \it\?
is it okay to punish yourself for the sins you committed?
Who is the person who could claim the French throne, if it were available?
What would you give to your boyfriend for valentines day if you'd been dating for 10 months?
Is Jesus more power ful then Satan?
Can disembodied souls enter heaven or only resurrected bodies?
Is God like a coin with two sides?
Why can't jews be palidins?
Is It Strange That I Can see The Humour?
To English speakers...?
why is the U.K so jealous of the U.S?
Meeting up with my ex for the first time tonight?! Need some advice?
Help about royal weight.. What's next?
help with english,please?
can satan control your soul while u live on earth?
Atheist, why are you always using the Bible bits about slavery to slander Christians?
is it normal to wish that you are a backstabing b*tch?
Is it Atheism? What could this religion be called?
Urgent!!! Is there any great jewelry making ideas?
In 1000 years will people pay money to buy video games where you fight off the Christians at End Times?
Could native English speakers fill in the following questionnaire?
How do I approach my crush at the gym?
If it was proven that life is PREDETERMINED and you have no free will at all, would you want to live?
What should i do now? Getting scared!!?
Women with measurements in the hip 44 to 45, do people still tell you that you have a small behind?
How can people see islam as the religion of peace?
Should I come out of the closet?
I did something nice for this homeless woman today and she said \God will bless you\?
Can all Mexican trace their ancestry back to the Mayan/Aztec civilization?
Please help. I need a punch line for this joke I want to tell at the next Christian seminary meeting?
Please help. I need a punch line for this joke I want to tell at the next Christian seminary meeting?
Did God in eternity foresee the entire human race and select certain individuals to save?
Christians Love is not?
This Satan guy does not seem so bad?
God is not the cause of evil. God is (100%) light. In Him there is no darkness, says John?
is God is really evil?
A question for christians on yahoo?
If atheism is accurate and correct, then why isn't in the bible?
Are all English people strange like this?
Can You Explain Energy To Me?
In which part of the body is the soul located?
How is it that Christ paid for the Sins of Man, but not enough to pay for that of Satan?
For native english speakers?
so what do you think would you give Mormons a try?all else seem to fail?
If eating magical fruit gave mankind knowledge of good and evil, how come no one can define evil?
Atheists: If God isn't real, then who made the lesser light in the sky, and clean birds with 4 feet?
Would you be turned on if you a guy came to my door and I a guy answered in my barefeet?
My dear Christians: can you give me an example of something you know and something you believe?
Would you please help to write a message to my friend?
Would it be rude and disrespectful for a poor person to say this to a rich person?
Did Jesus drive a Honda?
Does time actually go fast or slow?
If people who are in coma are unconscious, how would those who are dead be conscious?
Messy living area, would this situation bother you and how do I deal with it?
Can you help me make sense of this weird assertion I found in a book I'm currently reading?
After God was Vengeful and Jealous why did everybody say he was perfect too?
How can the British royals be exempt from inheritance tax?
Hey atheists, why do you support the evil monsanto and her GMOs?
How does one have supernatural super intelligence without a body?
Why is having a conversation so hard?
When Christians say, “God reveals himself to us through science...” is this just another bizarre assertion?
Why has there been a longstanding rift between Prince Charles & King Friday XIII?
Are there such things as Gay Christians?
Question to God Believer/Theists ?
Phedophilia. Why Does the Quran Allow Phedophilia?
does that fact that you can anger god sorta make him seem less godlike?
According to the Bible, is it a sin to worry about practical matters (putting food on the table, etc)?
If the monarchy was abolished, where would King Friday XIII and the royal family relocate to?
Is science steadily replacing the superstitions of our ignorant ancestors but Christians are fighting science?
What makes a lesbian? how do you know you are one?
Do Christians know their god exists and their religion is true or do they just believe and really hope so?
Who will become king, when King Friday XIII kicks the bucket?
Mormons, what parts of the bible and book of mormon should I read?
who is jesus?? what he did?
How would you prefer a guy to answer the door, wearing shoes, wearing houseslippers, being barefoot?
anyone seeking God on YA to be crowned righteous in this life and full of Gods glory?
What heights are considered tall or average for men?
If it is true that the Bible is the 'Breath of God'?
Could I have a bipolar disorder?
Question to God believers/Theists ?
Did Noah have giant Wombats on the Ark?
Was Israel Born Again?
hey uh i saw red dawn a few days ago will it happen in real life?
Is this a failure in religious logic?
Why if the Soul that sinneth dies and the spirit rettrun to God. that a soul is the Spirit ?
I'm confused, what is my orientation?
where should I write down my valentines day poem to girlfriend?
Does this qualify as cheating?
Is it possible to say the following?
where could I meet other gay teens?
Is it gossip if you complain about someone to someone else who doesn't know them?
Translate this sentence to Tagalog, fast please?
What should I get my boyfriend for valentines day?
why is god letting so much bad things happen to earth!!?
Do you notice a darastic change in Nicky minaj's looks?
Spanish sentences? HELP?
is the sense of competition among people a killer?
Is it not normal to want this in a relationship?
Fun as ... may be, let us now try to... (idiomatic expression, grammar)?
is it polite to say \why do you ask?\?
Is watching porn illegal?
Is it normal for people to like the other gender?
Hot/Sexy/Helpful Sex Stories?
Don't you find Asian girls dating White guys repulsive? I went to bible study and they do that?
Are these ideas good for my girlfriend on valentines day?
I fantasies about farm animals. I know there is a term for that, but don't remember what it is?
How do you know you are not God and are not being used by the people?
Could the Government and scientists save a lot of money by just reading the Bible about the origin of Life?
I'm inlove with someone who hurt me. Why do I still feel warm towards them?
What is he saying? (I can't understand what place this man from the video names)?
Why are people racist so much?
Christians, I used to love Ray Boltz's music but it turns out he is openly gay?
How come when you meet a woman and she thinks your not her type your considered a creepy guy for talking?
What are a list of skills to aquire?
Is GOD and Religion real.?
When a woman won't date you but says i wish my boyfriend was more like you. What does this mean?
What does the bible say about putting a man on Mars?
Is it wrong to fake being sick for school?
Why do Athiests keep putting ads for dating guys on the right here when I'm not into any of those things?
So if you don't pray salah you would be killed..?
Why are lesbians such hypocrites?
Why when you have a girlfriend MORE girls want to talk to you all of a sudden?
this is scary! what do you think?
Was the story of Jesus stolen from the story of Horus?
Did you know tone of the singers in One Direction is an anti-gay bigot too?
Native English speakers who are good at grammar, could you help me, please?
Females: I will put this out there?
I am a pansexual how do I let my family know?
Does this section polarize people's beliefs and sentiments?
Why do people even attempt to smuggle drugs through an airport?
Says it was good to be alive but now he rides a comet's flame and won't be coming back again.?
WHERE IS \PUT FROM AMONG YOU THAT THEIR SOUL MAY BE HEALED?
What does it mean to be made in the image of God?
Spiritually speaking if there was a war between christians and atheists who do you think would win ?
John 10:10 says Jesus came to give is an abundant life?
Kicked out of a bar! How do I make them not hate me or should I even try? please help! short description!?
is the age of 15 to young to come out? my mmom thinks it is. she thinks im not ready when i am?
Creationists, I have the FULL list of Scientific evidences of Evolution being a hoax or false. Want to see?
Who are the bad gods/Titans of Greek mythology?
Why can't I get a boner?
I want to prepare a Valentine gift for my boyfriend, any good idea?
Which religions do you respect?
Can a hockey stick and a lacrosse stick be used as weapons?
Atheists, if you could distort God's holy character as revealed in the Bible in order to ...?
Is hating a certain race haram?
Why do some people get so upset about what you believe about the end times?
Why do people continue to believe in the two dichotomies of good and evil and right and wrong?
If you eliminate the idea of perfection there is nothing that separates man from God: true or false?
Christians & Atheists, what is the gravest, most evil and grievous offense you can commit?
Peace corps for canadians?
Atheists if GOD is not real?
why do some men say this?
Why is the voice of atheism so loud on this forum considering atheism by definition has no evidence to ...?
Is there any way to express my sexuality through clothing without objectifying myself to men?
Atheists, if all sacred/religious books are no more than mere faery tales, Then, Explain the Kama Sutra!?
How would you spend your last hour alive?
Do you... I may do (grammar question)?
if you have proterties at the time of retirement will you qualify for medicare and medical?
Atheists are their any religious scriptures you find interesting ?
Do you prefer the Black Beyonce or the White Beyonce?
How do you kiss a girl?
whats that god quotes it goes something like he can do anything if streghthend by god something like that?
Please teach me the meaning of the following sentence.?
Won't overpopulation spoil the planet before global warming ever does?
Spiritually speaking (not really), did Don H's account get deleted?
Just out of curiosity, when is the new Doomsday/Apocalypse date?
Why do some high ranking Freemasons redefine the word Lucifer?
Mormons: I didn't know one had to write a letter to a bishop to be let go of your religion?
I think I might be (the new?) God?
What is the The difference between gender attraction and Sexual attraction?
Is it a bad idea to smoke weed for the first time with strangers?
If science has all the answers?
What religion is Richard Simmons?
Are you waiting for the Parousia?
Why doesn't God end hate and evil if he is the holy creator?
Why are atheists so bad at being right?
Am I agnostic? No arguments please :)?
Exactly how spiritually fulfilling was Pink's concert in Denver last night?
If you had access to a 3D printer, what spiritual/diabolical items would you print?
Is this disabled or not?
Who are the gods/goddess and Titans that control these elements?
is it true your birthday wishes come true?
How can I learn more about prophecy and the occult? Is it real?
christians what is the solution for each of the people in jesus's parable of the sower?
Learning a language to speak in code with friends. Which one should I choose?
What mean \down and out\ \flotsam and jetsam\ y \As poor as a church mouse\?
help i want so bad someday to?
What's the bravest thing you've ever done?
Wiccan Coven positions?
Is this the correct Spanish translation of the sisters (nuns), las sores?
Has any Muslim read what Sharia Law is about?
help writing paper. urgent!!! 10 pts?
Atheist, if you believe in Evolution doesnt that mean that you are related to report monkeys?
List of god-like items in Greek mythology?
Does Japanese get out-dated?
Are you into monster cars?
If someone was already 22 in 2013 but turning 23 that year, then what year were they born?
How do i sell my soul for money?
is it condescending to shake someone's hand after beating someone at something?
how do you say pain is temporary in latin?
How to get more faith in god?
Are the Native North, South and Central American Hebrew people?
ramadann: in islam, what is the difference between a prophet and a messenger?
Question to Catholics...............?
I need facts about angels.?
Is it possible to say the following?
My mom found her panties in my room?
Christian help please?
If Hitler was to attack...?
Atheists which do you prefer in the morning coffee or tea ?
I think I'm an accidental hipster?
can someone translate this for me?
Did Ishmael's descendants continue to follow and spread Islam throughout their lands? What happened?
I don't want to be gay?
Im Still In Love With This Boy?
What do Eastern Orthodox believe about hell?
Does it make any sense whatsoever to fear your god?
Why Don't Christians Think Critically?
When was Adam set to rule over Eve? Was this good, or punishment for sin?
how do I stop the self loathing and quit being a coward?
I'm scared I'm going to Hell...?
was martain luther king jr a muslim or atheist?
So me and my girlfriend want. To make masterbating videos for each other?
The Bible for Christianity ?
Do you believe in omens?
Am I in love with this girl?
How do you know if someone's a friend?
Am I an asexual or not?
Let's be honest: How often can we interchange \psychological\ for \spiritual\?
Listing things in Spanish?
Why do I feel like this?
Do men find the actress Lupita Nyong'o attractive?
If there was no global flood, then how do you explain all of the evidence for water on earth?
Did you know I need to remove people from?
I recently told my closest best friend i was bi should i be worried?
Why don't more people go to church?
Since Jesus was known to cast out demons, how do we know that this Mom wasn't totally right?
For some people, is there a spiritually-based appeal to prime numbers?
Why Do Christians Call Out Atheists?
Do the British say \While I was bathing myself\?
translate Korean to English?
how do i get a guys attention?
He mother never really love him?
If the abrahamic religions worship the same god, then how do you account for the great discrepancies...?
what a Hebrew name of Miron?
What would you say about a woman in church telling her about her body?
If you had the chance to do anything you wanted, what would you do?
Why is there stupid people on here, that instead of anwsering the question....?
Should the R & S section be renamed ZB & SB (Zombie Brains & and Scientific Brains)?
Will God and Jesus hear and listen to our prayers even if distracting thoughts enter our mind?
How do I convince more people to accept Jesus?
What is December 10, 2010 in Roman numerals ???
Was Jesus good at being a carpenter?
What was the relationship between Joan Crawford and Jack Webb?
should Yahrzeit candle(anniversary of death in Judaism) be lit before sunset only on Jewish calendar?
The number 11 is HIGH VIBRATION that is the SECOND ANGEL sent by G-D?
Christians must watch this movie?
I just want to know about Why?
Do you deny God's creation?
Let's assume god exists. Where is the proof that he loves you?
How can you tell if you're being used?
R&S: Were Nostradamus predictions visions from Satan?
Do you believe the Holy Bible is all truth?
Why don't more Christians have as much faith as Mack Wolford?
If we humans can't punish our kids to death , why would God do so to his own kids?
Are you in fear of the end times and the tribulation ahead of us?
Is it okay to talk to girls in class?
Woud I still have to wipe if I lowered my bottom into the water when I made a movement?
If we all loved one another would that be good enough to please God?
Are white guys into black girls??
Theists, have you never questioned the existence of god? Even a little bit?
If you really believe you are going to eternal bliss when you die, why do you wear a seatbelt?
Who are more open to changing their stance: the unbelievers or the believers?
will my friend ever come out of the closet?
Hey is this a good idea?
Have you ever used a quirk of language that was sort of shocking in a spiritual manner?
Does occam's razor and science disprove God?
I'm going to ask this again because clearly No one could understand what I'M talking about?
Is it a sin for my boyfriend to put his hand on my but when kissing?
What proof do you need that god doesn't exist?
what do you think of this?
What are some things Jesus begrudgingly did for The Father besides getting crucified?
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO HELP! Advice! Confusing, Cute Guy! OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO?
Is this an ancient earring?
What is your favorite letter, your favorite hat, and your favorite type of seed?
What do you believe is the rebellion that causes desolation?
Does this worry atheists that they too may 1 day change their minds about God?
If the Trinity were true then why does the Bible say“God is only one.””—Galatians 3:20.?
Are these ages in the same life stage?
A good 19th birthday present for my boyfriend?
Is Macro evolution just a much a myth as the earth is flat?
Is football my religion...?
What are the qualifications for being a Prophet?
I'm 100% I've had a Spiritual Awakening?
My mother disagrees with my atheism?
Question about popular Christians?
Why doesn't jesus christ come back and save the weak and poor like he said he would?
Is your false sense of superiority fueled by me thinking I'm better than you?
Could some one counsel me on my SPeech?
Christians, what do you think about talking about things from the past?
Why isn't there a Russian-American History Month?
How can we all be one? As.. Jesus and God are One?
Can one be an Orthodox Atheist if one lives by the strict code of Atheism?
The story of the birth of Jesus, there are several holes in the story, to say the least, anyway question is?
Can i take the Couch and T.V. if their under my Ex Fiancés name?
DIY or easy Valentines day gif for my boyfriend?
Are Atheists really trying to cram the homosexual agenda down America's throat in a subtle way?
How do you interpret this verse?
Are there any Americans that like kim jung un?
I want a girl body figure?
Atheists what do you make of this?
What does this German (Fraktur) text mean?
atheists: how would you explain the rise of muslim militarism?
If jesus was arab and jewish, why is he portrayed as white and blonde?
In what ways does Rosetta Stone help you to learn a new language?
Can one be an Orthodox Atheist if one lives by the strict code of Atheism?
How does prayer help and is there any proof?
Fellow Amish: Are electric blankets Haram?
Spiritually silly: Could there be a parallel universe where the classical Elements are worshiped as gods?
How doe my Hebrew letter Dalet look! Is it ok.?
How many languages does the common american know ?
Do atheists have forgiveness as part of their morals?
What is the best way to learn a new language?
What's your advice for a relationship like this? HELP!?
Question about Martin Luther King Jr....................?
Jesus a 'Prophet' of Islam? is this a J*oke?
Help with German Questions?
Is it possible to drop down a price on a used car at a dealership?
Is this like waiting for Jesus?
I've been posting all day from YA Singapore. How many more avvy games & WheeI of Fortunes till I get caned?
what does ????? mean?
If one is open to the idea of loving a girl...?
Muslim women: how important is it that your husband to be is physically attractive?
Why do so many atheists wear North Face jackets?
What's a legal alternative to steroids?
Are certain 'E' numbers written on food products haram?
Ramadan, why is it so difficult to find a spouse that would teach one the deen?
When should I put up my Christmas Decorations and when should I take them down?
Does this make sense in French?
Feel like an American trapped in another body?
Should we always question the views of atheists/materialists?
What are the essential components of forgiveness?
Atheists, could Planet of the Apes become a reality in the future?
Speaking in front of 400 people?
How was I supposed to know?
How to tell what reading level manga are in Japanese? 20 points!!!!!!!!!?
R&S WheeI of Fortune?
I don't get it? why do they guys do this?
Dear God, what have you done...........?/?
Why do fat people always say its not their fault they are fat?
On Christmas how do Jewish kids celebrate the day since Christmas is not a holiday in Judaism?
On Christmas how do Jewish kids celebrate the day since Christmas is not a holiday in Judaism?
How to regain lost honor?
Labels? I don't get them and I receive different labels often, what am I?
My fist is burning due to chilli, any cure?
Do you know how to speak German or Romanian?
Are these considered/counted as girlfights?
Why do theists generally hate it when someone wears anything depicting another religion?
What would you do if you were the last human on earth?
What do you think of the last chapter in the Bible (revelation)?
atheists: why cant you be more polite?
Do u think I have a nice life ?
How do I say \Merry Christmas\ in other languages?
Why is Christmas greeted as \Merry Christmas\ instead of \Happy Christmas\?
On average, how mixed are African Americans?
why would god create a devil.............?/?
Do you plan for Christmas on Thanksgiving like my family does?
OK to use gift certificate unused by friend and that store returned to me?
Will American singer Madonna loose her job for using the N word?
How much can I talk abotu Christmas in conversations without them getting annoyed with me?
Why did Kim Kardashian ruin her beautiful Armenian looks?
How do I call people at Christmas to wish them well without intruding on them?
Is she transsexual??
Who is the biggest hothead on R&S?
Just wondering about a principle in Christianity.?
How to write Setsuko in Katanaka?
So when God said he loved the world so much that he gave his only begotten son. Was he being sarcastic?
Are you ready for the apocalypse?
Do pastors preach that heaven as a prize for suffering church for a lifetime?
Why do some women look horrible without makeup?
What do Jewish people think of Hinduism and Buddhism?
It's so bloomin hot already and?
Is This Discrimination At Workplace?
So dose these love spells work? When you go on a site and they tell you that 13 witches are going to do it.?
How many crafts can you name without Magick but being used used constantly?
How do I tell my Jehovah Witness family I am an atheist?
How halal is welfare money for muslims living in the west,do they eat haram?
Is lying for atheism a lesser sin since atheists view morality as merely a social construct?
Do animals go to Heaven? I know I'm an atheist, but I Was religious, I've Alwaysed wondered this.?
What do these Chinese characters mean?
How do I log out of R&S? I can't seem to ... get out of this thing. HELP!!?
If I popdawnked outside your kitchen window,?
How does one become a demigod?
how many of you whities wish that this country was still segregated?
In Japanese what does this mean? 2 words. 20 points!!!!!!!!!!!!?
would you say that pain is a requirement of life............?/?
Why do atheists have to lie about Christianity in order to suppress it?
Which cult is growing more:Mormons or Jws?
What does the Bible say about Wombats and Gods plan for them?
Would a non sexual gay relationship be accepted by the Eastern Orthodox churches?
Why should it bother my neighbor so much if I want to double park in my own parking spots?
Christian, are sheep smarter than commonly known?
If most Koreans prefer big eyes with creases, why didn't they ... evolve to be that way?
I am selling my washing machine today?
How do I tell my parents I'm Bi?
Did you know a 'politician' in the UK said that we have floods as punishment for gay marriage,?
do you have any true ghost stories ?
What spiritual or religious word would you like to teach us today? And what does it mean?
Do modern Philosophers philosophize the world is becoming too science-centric, too calculated, too numerical?
would you rather receive a sincere compliment or a dollar?
Homo girls what if I did this to you?
Sanskrit scholars--does \di\ ('dee') mean exactly 'give' in Sanskrit?
Shouldn't more atheist/creationist conversations go like this?
What have you learned from yahooanswers?
So did Einstein give his soul to Jesus and go to heaven?
Why are religious believers always so angry?
Do gays use the pride in their sin as a weapon toward faithful Christians?
Does this sound right? I have to write a paragraph on why that is my hobby, and why I like it.?
Is god dead? I asked it for a BIG TV for my trailer, but zip. What the?
If you were a little kid, who would you rather have as a parent, the person above you, or the person two...?
can't the american atheist come to europe?
Was George W. Bush the Constantine of the 20th century?
Why do the Episcopalians and the Methodists allow to lead people who are proud of their sins, gays, to lead?
metagenomics reveal that humans are colonies of 1000s of organisms. How does this knowledge destroy?
How to say \no longer important?\?
Could somebody please explain Scientology?
Has an explanation for why believing a god exists ever been given without a MASSIVE assumption in it somewhere?
Why are more and more people choosing not to have kids? Why do people hate kids?
Is Agni the dragon found in Indonesia real?
What does \racially ambiguous\ mean to you?
Would the youth of today be brave enough to fight for civil rights?
How to learn Japanese in a year?
What do YOU expect to get out of life?
Ex Gf dumped me, tried to be friends, i told her to go away, feel like i want to be friends now...bad idea.?
For boys only...................?
Am I getting bullied sexually?
To a previous post of which?
Does the waitress like me or just the tip?
If Adam + Eve had never sinned, would the responsibility have been passed down to their descendants?
I'm pretty confused about my sexuality?
What do you think about this quote? The most surprising book u will read even though u authored it yourself?
Are Atheist disappointed Albert Einstein was in fact \not one of them\?
Abrahamic Theists: Did you know you are worshipping the Devil and not God?
How accurate do you think this statement is? It was posted as part of an answer to an question posted earlier?
Why does god say things he doesn't actually mean?
Could someone translate some english into italian for me please??
Could native English speakers fill in the following questionnaire?
What are some things to do to make your Mother happy?
Why don't Rosetta Stone or Pimsleur offer Esperanto courses?
If a woman watches gay men porn does it make her anything in particular?
Why do I cry so easily?
Fellow rationalists, does it dismay you that people actually believe in gods and demons in 2014?
To purpose a purpose there must be a?
How do you interpret this verse from Gospel of Thomas?
Question about AIDS and religious persecution.....?
Why is the letter M always yellow to me, while B is green?
Muslims my brother just asked me a islamic question..please answer?
Why are pigs considered unclean in Judaism and Islam?
You ever wonder what kind of god would grant afterlife to humans but not to animals?
Me and this girl was best friends but we have falling out. Help!?
Around what year was the Minotaur defeated in mythology?
Has it ever been your role to advise the doctors to turn off the machines...?
If god can talk to people directly through prayer...?
Why do people say ‘There is probably no God’, or ‘There is no God’, when it is not logical or rational to say?
If the burden of proof is on the one making a claim?
Do animals go to hell and heaven?
When the T Rex roamed the woods and the pterodactyl soared our ancestors survived, why?
Becoming a mama and living in a small town?
Is Yahoo actually supporting trolls?
Is there any age difference between radha and krishna?
am i missing out or am i good?
why do people say \um\ and \uh\ a lot during speeches? it's so annoying!?
Why are there rules in the bible that are utter nonesense?
Do women like guys that wear panties or is it just creapy?
how do i know if I'm bisexual?
I am an atheist, but I still go to church and celebrate Christmas and other holidays. Your thoughts?
When did Jesus deliver you from your sickness and what was the circumstances concerning your illness?
Why is the knowledge in the bible limited to primitive man?
If Turkey started executing apostates, how many Turks would object?
Christian Believers has God been giving you dreams about Jesus or people going to hell ?
Boys can go around shirtless and ,but when a girl wears a crop top or bustier?
Is Queen Elizabeth going to retire?
What is the difference between people who are emo, scene, and goth?
Christians have you ever come up against the Absalom Spirit?
Why do I look asian if I'm not?
Why would prayer work for trivial things but not the big issues?
Does yahoo answers cause religious extremism?
Can someone tell me about the myth about When Aphrodite gave the Rose it's name?
Which had a bigger cultural impact: invention of the television or the microwave?
Why didn't jesus do more while he was here?
I've accepted that I am Bisexual. Now what?
Who is the Dolly Llama? Is she an important religious leader?
Christians: please read!?
Is This Some Sort Of Message Or Something? Or Just A Coincidence?
Are atheists mad that Darwin wasn't one of them?
Why do Atheist claim to have knowledge when they don't believe in absolute truth?
Why do immature theists and atheists fight so childishly?
Does god love me or not?
Does the bible disprove god?
Christians: what is your opinion on homosexuality?
How does one fall in into the toilet?
Why were Black people stereotyped as lazy and lying but used for the most trustworthy positions?
Could She Possibly Be Lesbian?
Is this homophobic crime?
what to get my boyfriend of 3 months for valentines day?
Raj from The Big Bang Theory...?
is the correct spelling 'Tenía' or Teñia ??
We can all agree that all animals (including dinosaurs and humans) were vegan 10,000 years ago?
If the bible tells me so...?
Do you conjugate costar into past tense?
Why English pronunciation is so complicated?
Are Atheists mad that Issac Newton believed in Intelligent Design?
Is it normal for someone to laugh at things when they're telling you they have been raped?
The saying \sabr ka pal meetha hota hai\?
who is more real, god or the devil...........?/?
How long was each day of creation in the Genesis 1?
What do atheists think about this comedy video ?
Why does jesus cry out to himself?
How did you celebrate MLK day today?
Scripture does not mention monkeys. This is because they are a new species, much newer?
How many ethnic groups do not have their own country?
Christians, what do you think of this quote?
Religion & Spirituality : Christian women do you not feel surpressed to be told to nor speak in Church?
Atheists, why does it keep going dark at night, why doesn't God just keep the light on?
Does this sum up Jesus' message?
Am I A True Lesbian...?
I think I've found the Illuminati?
Christians what do you think of Warren Jeffs LDS group that has child wives, are you for it or against it?
How can increase my online coolness factor?
Christians: What are your thoughts on this?
I'm confused need help please?
why was my poop was shaped like a unicorn?
Is it possible god lives through humans?
atheist here is proof that the bible is ture?
Help. I'm really confused....?
Is there ever a cure for mental illness?
How can I meet my spirit guides?
Could Satan make hell awesome so that he can have more friends that also hate god?
Is it possible that some people need salvation and some do not?
Can a homosexual go to heaven if he or she remains celibate?
Politically Speaking which of these two Americans are most deserving of a Holiday being named in honor of them?
Is it rude to wear sunglasses?
Will life..................?
How does God work and does He exist?
What should I reply to my friend?
Do you think government-schooled children should be allowed to play \cowboys and Indians\?
Can you imagine the message of the gospel being spread if there were only rational people on the planet ?
Did you know that science has proven the unborn to be humans for many many years now?
I need a LGBT website were people can answer my questions really fast. Thanks :)?
Why do people claim that fornication isn't a sin, when it is clearly stated in the Bible that it is a sin?
Spiriually Pondering: If a deity created the universe ...?
Is being quiet automatically mean you are rude?
Hi I have a problem, I want to be gay but I can't?
Biblically, what is the difference between fallen angels and demons/unclean spirits?
Will the majority of today's society go to hell?
Boyfriend doesn't want me to go to his game?
Are any other LGBTs sick and tired of the petty drama questions asked here?
How do I seem real to people?
Why it seems that evolution deniers resemble a new species on it's way to branch off from Homo Sapiens ?
Atheists: I know you claim God desn't exist, but, what about faries?
Why do young people today seem more worried about looks than about a career?
Why do we have a Martin Luther King day?
Japanese particles no+ga?
How would I translate \To God alone we kneel\ to latin?
How do you rate yourself spiritually?
Did this nun have a \virgin birth\?
Atheists,does your Book of Pages reveal the First Cause of all Motion?
i am a widow and draw social security. i tried to sign up for healthcare. i am to young for medicare.?
Why did you choose to follow the Christian faith?
Am I simply an atheist?
Where can I learn japanese?
Are the gods of Religion really alien scientists?
How is dance music (the techno kind) important?
Do you think gay people should get freedom?
How to deal with annoying roomie?
since some shcizophrenic people think they are god?
How important is the time you have devoted to God or spiritual activity?
Confused with my emotions.?
should I craft my own spaceship ?
What do you think of satanism?
Is it correct to say: I have wanted that you have a job??
I think this Goethe quote says it all for atheism and ....?
Why did hinduism create the subcastes ?
how does god know he knows everything?
Why, according to the actions of atheists If I love my GOD and Faith, I should be hated ridiculed?
Girls: Have you ever wanted to participate in a bisexual mmf?
Have you noticed ever since Richard Dawkins spread Athiesm, number of disasters increased?
how do you know god is not evil?
Which holiday do more Americans celebrate? Martin Luther King Day? or Christmas?
Do you keep the Ten Commandments?
how can i continue being a furry if nobody i know likes them?
What do you think of hikikomoris?
Am I retarded? I can't do anything right.?
Does he like or wants to be just friends?
what would you do if you blocked someone cause you didnt trust them.?
Why do short men want to be moviestars and police?
is the royalty of the English <G.Britain> a 'cult of personality'?
Can you go to Jannah if you don't pray? Is Shahadah enough?
If we are in the end times and everything is getting worse, why was there worse problems in the 1950's?
Religious republican is against abortion, but thinks all liberals should have been aborted?
Will darwinian natural selection by means of education in society, get rid of evolution deniers ?
Can God make two plus two = 5, 6, and 87.12 at the same time?
What does \ja komm\ mean in English?
What are the BENEFITS of being an Atheist or a Christian?
Why are secular places so dull and lifeless?
Native English speakers would you help me please?
what is the meaning of the phrase \ qui boit la gnole casse la bagnole\?
How come Cesar Chavez gets the same Credibility as Martin Luther King?
i need help, does anyone know of any curses or something related to this problem..i think i might be cursed...?
How to respond to a rejection for a recommendation letter?
Percentage of religion followers?
In order to have a good relationship, or make a guy love you do you HAVE to have sex with them?
Can you be catholic, yet not accept the doctrines of the Catholic Church?
When a con man says \Now People Will Call Me a Liar\ does that make him a prophet?
LGBT: What's your reaction to this video?
What's your pet dislikes top 5?
How do you say \I have a headache\ in Spanish?
What do you think would happen if atheists and theists were segregated?
Have you noticed Athiests sits in Starbucks using Apple computers everywhere? Why is this trend?
Who is qualified to be a preacher?
What is the Queen's colour of choice when buying new tracksuits at Primark for herself and Philip?
Is Billy Graham worried about going to Hell?
Seniors and work problems ?
How do you swear in chinese?
Christians, if God gives us laws to abide by and punishes us for breaking those laws?
Christians do atheists do more to advance the truth of GOD than they know?
Can you describe Athiesm without referring to God?
Poll: If Martin Luther King Jr. were alive today, what would he say or think?
Give thanks to the Lord Almighty,?
is hypnosis haram to do?
Should I do all this for my girlfriend on valentines day ? HELP !!!?
Native French Speakers? Easy question for you.?
Should people be given a second chance?
Is there any Religions today who worship the Sun?
what job can i get that pays $14,000 an hour?
Poll: Nirvana or Iron Maiden ?
What are some Labels, groups, styles people have?
What does the Turkish phrase \yazar m?s?n?z\ mean in English?
How do you know that latin is the common anscestor language to French and Romanian if you do not find ... ?
how do you speak Canadian?
Am I British Or English?
how come kids bully others?
Athiests and immigration, what is your opinion on letting Athiests immigrate into USA?
Religiously Speaking™, in a botched exorcism is it copasetic to stab your subjects to death?
Religiously and spiritually speaking, What makes you headdesk and facepalm yourself into concussionland?
Do any black girls or Spanish girls like anime ? It doesn't seem like?
if there were an earth sized?
In your opinion, do Japanese people have this inferiority complex?
Atheists, are you aware that this life is an illusion and you're really ODing on brownies right now?
can unly ingland mmayke peepul sirs.,!?
atheists, what do you think about NDE??
I'm gay and want to be a girl, what to do?
How can the bible be trusted as the true word of god when...?
If the Singularity makes all humans immortal, will Depak Chopra take me on as his pupil?
How often did you mess up?
where did the swirl of rocks and dust come from to make the big bang?
What is the rate of domestic violence among other cultures, religions and ethnicities?
sounds like athiest havent even read Genesis?
why is the trinity doctrine of men NOT true?
I need someone to talk to? transgenders only?
Why do most christians seem to hate The Lovely Bones?
Native english speakers would you help me please?
The Law of Vibration states that everything vibrates and nothing rests, so how did God rest on the 7th day?
if you can go to hell for not believing jesus died for a sins?
How much more advanced do you think humans would be if certain religions weren't holding everyone back?
where does it say that Gods word is forever settled in heaven?
Jehovah's Witnesses: Do you believe everyone who has had a Near Dearj Expirence to Heaven or Hell is lying?
Generalizing people and religious people?
Remember the Proposition 8 debacle when people were gay for a day?
I have no morals, so why do you?
bible verses over limiting god (sermon)?
What sort of celebratory traditions will we establish when the US govt finally gives us National Atheist Day?
Is birth control forbidden in Islam?
I like a guy and I like a girl... help >.<?
Do you have to be a collage grad and/ or go to collage to be a freemason in VA?
How can God exist in a universe that has universal laws like the law of Polarity?
if the romans had believed jesus was the son of god?
Would you agree that the \Creation Museum\ puts on display the most important aspect of Christianity?
So athiest think we are no better than monkeys?
Can someone please translate this to Italian?
Can someone please translate this to Italian?
Edible arrangements ?
Why do Christians call atheist immoral when the Bible is full of it?
Did you know Creationists accept evolution?
Can I be gay and still be is girl?
How would you pronounce this sentence in Chinese and Japanese?
Christians: If God is so real, then what did he evolve from?
Why are so many black women (with the exception of me) suddenly going natural with their hair?
Is it a sin to not care? Has God given up too? Is absolute nothingness the perfect Heaven?
Any Seniors out there that does NOT have kids, question for you?
I tried doing my latin h/w due tomorrow but it is online and th?
Two Christians were having a discussion with an atheist?
Wallis Voucher Codes now available?
Satanists: If you say Lucifer is the true creator?
What do you think God's height and weight is?
How do you know that latin is the common anscestor language to Spanish and Italian if you do not find ... ?
Is this a good Valentines gift ladies?
How many hours is the average UK working week (full time)?
Help, this girl is soooo obsessed with me!?
How can I organize my time better now that I don't live near a mosque?
what would you say to those that are called \prederests\?
Help from Spanish speakers?
Why do Christians rely on the Bible and Fox News for sources?
can someone describe a person looking at a door and hes not sure if its real or fake for story thanks!?
How is born the German culture?
Atheists how do you explain the tides without GOD!?
Could I Get Into an Ivy League School?
Facebook ethics.. Is it pity to unfriend an ex on facebook after he broke up with you?
Creationists-you CLAIM to not believe in evolution, but, you talk about it ALL THE TIME. Is that because...?
if you honestly believe in a god?
What is the most beautifull country in the world?
How do you feel about the confederate flag?
How can I find more than one friends?
Cindybin did you know Jesus is God?
I called a family (not in my family) Uncle Tom?
when a guy doesnt use a?
Does the bible discourage people from reading pieces of writing that disprove or merely dispute its teachings?
Does this \person\ deserve better than death sentence; question for those who oppose death sentence?
Does the luke warm condemnation by Muslims of Islamist terrorists translate into tacit approval?
How can you write that in another way?
what did god do before us,with eternity,did he just sit alone and idol away time?
How many Christians agree with this sort of thing?
Is it ok to be sectarian but also christian?
Why do people get so defensive?
Where do you go to get heal...?
if god is his own dad ...how many fore father gods could there be?
Do you believe either karma or irony will get someone who has taken what isn't theirs?
How do you know that latin is the common anscestor language to Spanish and Italian if you do not observe ... ?
Did you know Michelle QLD Australia Jesus Loves you!?
does god creat morality or is he bound by it?
Probably the most stupid question ever?
could someone sue the crips and bloods street gangs?
Atheists the BIBLE says LOVE COMES FROM GOD?
english speakers, can you correct my grammar?
How would I say \to end\ in french? Please?
What are the social advantages of a globally or nationally homogenized culture?
Christians, I understand you have your beliefs. Why can't you let others live their lives?
Translate english to french - 10 points?
why don't Christians pick on Muslims the way Muslims pick on them in backward countries?
would someone check my grammar?
In Italian, when is the phrase \in cui\ used? Is it the same as \quando\?
How did the kkk (Ku Klux Klan) kill people?
Serious question for Atheists?
Atheist: How sure are you that there is no God?
My dad is obsessed with religion?
Was Adam created in God's physical image, or His image of perfection, without sin?
What would you want for valentine's day? (guys&girls)?
Atheists why haven't you created a dating site like Christian Mingle, you can call it Atheist Mingle?
Can anyone who reads Japanese tell me who this is?
Can a female doctor see male patients?
Should a civilization be marginalizing its poor & vulnerable members?
Which is right to say: Espanol or Spanish?
Atheists if GOD is not real?
Are celebrity looks, body language & expressions genetic (by birth) or are they learnt by practice?
Was Mary Magdalene, a woman, the true leader of the Church?
christians have you ever doubted your faith?
If a person wants to get celebrity body language and expressions, should person watch celebrities on tv?
Is creation evidence for god exactly as a mountain is evidence for a creator ?
if dinosaurs came before humans then how come....?
Christians is this what you believe?
its early but....better early then late....rite??
Why do so many people think pharmacists are way overpaid?
How did God find out how to set bushes on fire but the bush never runs out?
Why do some people hate fat people?
How do you say \Beat the flu!\ in Spanish?
Why did no Theist actually read this quoted question?
Athiests how do you explain Stigmatas?
You know great songs about LGBT?
What is the purpose of going to church?
My girlfriend is actually my boyfriend... I need help?
I feel like I am not good enough... :(?What to do?
How to present a holiday as a gift?
What should a Christian do if their friend throws the first punch?
What animals are considered to be wise animals?
What should i do with my boyfriend for our 5 Years Anniversary????
Why do some christians have a problem with the fact that the Theory of Evolution is genuine science ... ?
What does mass culture mean? And what does mass media mean please? From Communication and Culture Studies?
Could you make your own religion?
Theists: Why do you claim science is wrong, yet supply no evidence to support how it is wrong?
Atheists and Alzheimers , is there a link?
People say God is good. Is he good at everything? Even dancing? How do I dance with God?
They completly forgot who i am since i became atheist?
How to ask a question in Präteritum (German)?
help me english speakers?
Is anyone else tired of atheist putting christian faith down???
help with relationship!!?
When is the 10th circuit of appeal predicted to make a ruling on gay marriage in Utah?
i am visiting rome in about 6 months is it worth it to learn the language?
Christians, how will your resurrection body be different from the body you now have?
Since more people have died because of god?
Gay people: Why can't you understand that God will let you into heaven if you stop liking boys?
Atheist, are you aware that you make the Lord Jesus cry?
Now that I have my AARP card, what sort of discocunts am I entitled to?
Why did it arouse me so much when I tried on a pair of my older sisters pantys? I was just curiously playing.?
Is it common for Christians to?
Isn't embracing non belief in fairies irrational? Since there is no evidence going for it?
Hi if a man was going to get aroused by something would?
What sways a rational mind to embrace an unprovable and unlikely proposition, namely that there is no God?
Do you Agree that Europe is Better than America ?
Isn't embracing atheism irrational considering there is no evidence going for it?
Dumped my email friend and don't feel guilty?
Do you wish you weren't circumcised ?
A question for all religious people?
Are you proud to be Muslim, Christian or Jewish?
Can a sex offender become a chaplain?
Isn't belief in atheism overrated considering there is no evidence going for it?
Why do I feel like Christians enjoy the concept of hell?
Who knows a good haunting stories that are real ?
what do you think about this (gay)?
What does this mean in Japanese?
Do Christians understand that when atheists refer to \biblical characters\...?
Where do atheists think the random mutations come from that drive evolution?
What should I do about my online French class?
How can one be certain it is not the Devil they follow (read details carefully)?
How do you translate this in Marathi/Hindi?
What kind of World do you plan your life around ?
What to get my boyfriend for valentines day? 13-14yrs old.?
Do you procure some sense of self-satisfaction when your ideological lackeys encourage your trolling?
Are church-going Christians less likely to shoplift, take drugs and download music illegally?
Is it wrong for an atheist to stand up for themself?
The Relentless Christian Crusade to Prevent Kids from Learning Science. Is this wrong?
Christians, why, when Christ returns, will He say the following to many \Christians\?
Now clearly, he has destroyed us?
atheists: do you like any christian bands? christians: do you listen to non-christian bands?
im 16 and i think im trans?
Why have people added stuff to evolution that has not been observed?
What does this gay thing mean?
Muslims, OK, ONE QUESTION?
native english speakers plz answer?
Christians, if God really loves you?
What is the ten best quotes of Dr. Martin luther King,Jr,? Do you know your history?
What would you name this species?
is speaking in tongues a learned language or a divine language given by Hoy Spirit?
God created man in his own image?
What to say when asked \why do you need to see the doctor?\?
Why is Satan the \bad guy\?
Which would be a good assassin: Red Riding Hood or Tumbilina?
can you be arrested for killing a man who asks to be killed?
How do you know if your gay?
What do you call people who have sex but they are not dating not even friends?
Is/are Satanism/satanist really as bad as people say it is and what is it all about?
convert to buddhism? am I ready?
If a church is extremely rare in this day and age, does that prove that it is false?
Is it better to put the knowledge of the existence of evilness out of your mind or stay aware of it?
What would motivate women to do this?
Why Indian Gods need food ?
how do you ride the waves of life?
Atheists, about the infinite monkey?
Is god deliberatly planting evidence for evolution to confuse people ?
What group of people age the best?
Could that be God the father sending Jesus again through that nun's virgin pregnancy?
can someone translate a motto into Latin for me please?
Don't we all know this already?
What can you say about Martin Luther King Jr ?
Why is the pope necessary?
Native English speakers who are good at English, could you help me, please?
Do you mind attending a church which has different beliefs from yours?
Do you accept the evil within you?
Does the word \odno\ have a meaning in any language?
Astrology real or fake?
What is your favorite quote from Martin Luther King, Jr.?
Why do some choose to wear ball caps backwards, Chapter 2?.?
What questions in R&S are exhausting by overuse?
Girls just curious how tall are you?
Why add fantasy to evolution?
If honoring the dead is respected in every religion why was the PM of my country attacked?
If there is a god who created everything!!! Who created that god??? Has that god got a god who created him?
Getting frustrated with English?
Roman Catholics please help me understand?
Should I make homemade chocolates for my boyfriend for Valentines Day?
atheists: what is your opinion of iain duncan smith?
Have you ever experienced karma?
What do you think of Prime Minister Stephen Harper's attachment to the Jewish people and Israel?
Why there are so many lies spread about evolution ?
What are core tenets of Christianity which if anyone denies them, they cannot be considered Christian?
Who are YOU ? Song of Solomon 3:1 to 4 ? or Ps.2: to 4 ? or Jer.10:1 to 4 ? HIS WOMB Jer.10:20 is empty?
if theres no compul sion in is lam?
What to say before a kiss!?
Now that atheism is losing favour with the younger generation, present day young atheists are not as...?
Did Jesus say the needs of the many outweight the needs of the few?
How are you going to celebrate Holi?
what words do you hate like your emberssed to actually say?
if evolution is ture why are they still monkeys?
A good marriage age , islam?
atheist explain this?
What does he say in this video?
atheists: what is your opinion of anglicans?
Is it possable there are more Atheists than religious people here because?
atheist explain this?
How can some people call themselves born again ?
Spiritually what is Emergency Essence and how can it help us?
Why do only few people like dark chocolate?
Why do people not have to work on MLK Day but they have to on Veteran's Day?
is allah casting terror into my heart right now for disbelieving in him?
French expression for 'do it' or 'just do it'- please help!!!?
Why does atheists be rebeling against they creator just too look cool?
Why are there no heart-warming children's films involving a Wombat as the main character?
jews when will you realise torah is changed and quran is from God.?
What is your favorite and least favorite part of Christmas?
How does Malcolm X use imagery in his speech ' Cant hate the roots of a tree ' ?
Native English speakers who are good at grammar, could you help me, please?
How do you say \Die well\ in Latin?
I got asked out by the guy I like... kind of.. Help?
Who was the most evil Catholic Pope? There's so many candidates I can't decide.?
Having been privileged to spend time at an observatory I exclaimed awe at the vastness of the universe..?
You know you're in love when..?
What does Jesus mean as He say in John 2:4?
is it ok for me to use more sophisticated language in my environment?
Why am I only attracted to African Men?
Christians quote Leviticus 18 to condemn Homosexuals, should they also quote Leviticus 25:44 to import slaves?
Could fairytale magic really exist?
Seniors, Do you have the old format back?
What are some churches that do not believe in eternal torment?
\I will cast terror into the hearts of those who disbelieve..?
Atheists, do you wish sometimes that a good loving god existed out there?
Why is it okay to run down peoples view of gay people yet not religion? Should i leave it or complain?
Is this video about how Adam was created, more factual and scientiffic than evolution ?
are u an atheist or christian?
How do you meet and date people?
why is being attracted to the opposite gender called being 'straight'?
Why don't men become \strip.pers\ and women become leaders of business and industries?
Atheists. What about Stephen Hawkings Paradox theory is incorrect?
If the devil could cast a vote,who would he vote for in 2016 for US President Soros?,Hillary,?,who?
What is the significance of Jared in the Bible , What is his thesis?
Does the Flying Spaghetti Monster (cheese be upon him) allow the wearing of blue socks?
Atheists: If you died and went to heaven and God said they'd just filled up and there were no spots left..?
True/False: A fear of death is a fear of the unknown?
Is sin the one power God doesn't have and can't fight?
Are all goths part of the illuminati?
What is the fundamental problem with the doctrine of eternal torment?
What this sentence mean?
Is God not here to fix our life? Is that why nobody goes to heaven?
Why do Russians keep following the bible when they're all atheist?
translate the lords prayer into modern english?
How come God won't stop atheists persecuting christians? They're allowed in government?
Do you agree with the following and why or why not?
Will God find me a girlfriend? I'm lonely?
Will God heal my dog? He's suffering from a cancer? Been praying for years!? :(?
Do you accept your dark side?
How do you know that latin is the common anscestor language to spanish and italian ?
What does the heir to the Spanish throne do for a living?
God allowed Lot to have s.e.x with his daughters but forbid it in His laws? :(?
Does 'I follow the Bible' mean 'I follow select parts of the Bible'?
Does the queen have a very close friend?
How come when I pray to God I don't receive an answer? Been waiting 3 years? :(?
What's wrong about being dishonest?
Atheists keep asking me to provide evidence for the existence of God. What excuses can I give them?
Please translate from Punjabi to English?
Why did God send two she-bears to maul 42 people in the Bible? :(?
What does the following sentence mean?
which one of these is the greater sin?
I'm always rushing in the morning. Should I save time by eating breakfast while sitting on the toilet?
Christians, wouldn't the world be a much better place if everyone would choose?
why are ppl so afraid of death they believe in ridiculous fairy tails?
If you can consign a bible passage written in historical-narrative style to metaphor or allegory...?
Christians, did Satan knew that his rebellion in Heaven would eventually lead to his own eternal ruin?
why do some people think that black people in prison are victims of racism?
Is this how christians spread love ?
How do you find me? please translate in Tagalog?
How can Muslims believe babies are?
Do Protestants really believe they will be sucked up into Heaven by a beam of light like the movie .......?
Has confusion been created by Bible writers not indicating what is myth or allegory and what is fact?
LDS FOR THE RECORD CAN U TELL ME HOW MANY TIMES JOE SMITH WAS SHOT WHEN HE BROKE OUT OF JAIL in the 1800's?
I'm the only black cheerleader & I feel left out ?!?
Is gullible the best word to describe Prince William in chosing a wife?
If Bob Dylan started going to your church would you be star struck?
Awkward Skype Calls? No one ever talks!?
Atheists do you think one day FSM is going to become a real religion which just started of as a joke like?
Daddy why doesn't that man have a wife?
R&S, do you agree with the belief that everyone is born a Muslim?
Why do people use the African argument?
Why do people hate positive people?
Do you think Barack Obama might ever convert to Pastafarianism?
Do people with the same name share similar traits/personalities?
why do people follow religions?
Christians, do you think that the world would be a better place if there were no murders, thieves, etc.?
whats the movie equivalant to it i feel like a erotic thriller suduction captivating steamy sex flic?
who is your favorite folklore hero?
Should You Show Manners to Someone you Dislike?
How do I get a straight guy to go out with me?
Is Hungarian harder than Romanian?
Bully at work doesn't think she's a bully?
Has anyone ever thought about this?
How can some of the most uneducated and ignorant ppl think that they are bible experts?
Why is it a fashion for women to wear less clothes?
As a muslim woman is it allowed in Islam to show my underarm to a male doctor?
Why is Christianity the only Abrahamic faith which reserves salvation for it's followers?
I don't know what my gender or sexuality is?
Will I be able to get a good engineering job at 26?
Christians, why do you think many Atheists don't believe in free will?
Why is the church of today still allowing deadly exorcisms?
Is it okay to be an atheist?
l want to kiss him , but can't?
I think I'm confused?
An English grammar question, \GroupA buy more goods than do groupB\, is this sentence correct?
Christians(conservatives) don't you think heaven is just one big socialist movement?
What will happen to the Christians during the Jehovah Witnesses Armageddon?
Will my security license be active in heaven?
When is a pos religious conman NOT a pos religious conman?
Being a Christian, will I go to hell for my faith being shaken sometimes?
Ramadan : How do you deal with the depression that not everyone is muslim?
Is eternal security a license to sin my life away after being saved?
Is it appropriate or normal for an ex to meet the new boyfriend?
Is everyone who believes that 'Jesus died for our sins' going to be saved?
Did God create himself?
Need men opinions for a gift for a man?!?
Mormons can you show me scripture your own ways will find heaven?
Society encourages people to get married but that seems counterintuitive no?
I am Obsessed with Vikings?
What do Christian teachings say about trans people since it isn't in the Bible?
Help! What type of fantastic magic makes the human body move?
Is the British monarchy?
In medieval times, did they believe rabbits came from fish?
religious cousin+lesbian= confusion?
did i blasphemed the holy ghost?
Question for Arguments for God's existence....................?
Why do you think your religion is right and every other religion is wrong?
Why do Muslims believe Abraham, Moses, David, Jesus, Noah etc were Muslims?
What is it called when sexism or racism offends you severly? is there a word for that?
How can I forgive myself for this?
Speech writing help?? [English language]?
Christians, is finding truth in the bible often elusive (details inside)?
Have you ever been harassed or made fun of because of your race?
what is the power of God that God mentions in matt 22:29?
Humans are symbionts made up of a thousand species. How did god miss that?
Latin word for \discovery\?
what are some other unbiblical teachings of catholics?
I like men and like to attract men?
should I pursue this? Is she gay?
I practically gave my friend an \almost\ love letter...?
Why are conspiracy theorists targeting deism?
HELP!! Am I a lesbian?? Please answer! Confused teenage girl!!!?
atheists and nonbelievers of Jesus, including catholics?
How do I tell my friends and family that I'm an Atheist?
God know our future and everything too?
Religious people - what is your opinion on incest?
Question to God Believers/Theists ?
why do catholics teach unbiblical teachings?
A human 'individual' is in reality a colony of cells, only about 10% of which are of human origin?
If Evolution is true how come guys look very different from girls?
First degree Freemason ceremony?
How many true churches are there and please name them?
When a person is \bi\ are they actually gay or not?
what does the bible say about being gay?
Native English speakers who are good at English, could you help me, please?
How to move on from someone you see everyday?
is the dolphin important for native american tradition?
Why do people in churches unquestioningly accept their preacher's interpretation of the bible?
What language do deaf people think in?
Why do some males support abortion but not reversible birth control for men?
am I really a lesbian if I don't like a specific girl?
Why do I get a boner?
How do I tell of he really loves me ???
Why do people ask simple yes or no questions that can't even be debated or discussed on here???
Does this sentence seem weirdly written here? About Atheism?
You have seen the Birthday Flower cake?
Is God and religion simply mankind's excuse for abdicating responsibility for the mess we've made?
Since the meek will inherit the Earth, why is the RAPTURE needed ?
Question about religion and science....................?
Why does God only save certain people?
How do people have race identity issues?
Can anyone make the text say Liza?
can someone translate this to spanish please??
What is this New Song and what are the words ?
How far do manipulative people get in life?
Anyone else do this,or just me?
The guy that Bible says went up to heaven in a whirlwind, nobody actually believes that do they?
Why are Christians so hypocritical?
Who were earliest people to propose the location of the Garden of Eden in region of Kurdistan?
Do Neanderthal people have souls , will there be some of them in heaven....?
If Christians define their experiences with God as proof that God exists does an atheists non-experience..?
I have a strange question. Can you help me?
??? We're the evolutioneers, and YOU can be one too! ????
LGBT: What part of the rainbow would you explore?
How do I tell my son that I know he is gay and that I accept him?
Is it OK to contact someone who might be sleeping with your girlfriend?
Are there still tribes of Native American Indians?
My girlfriend is actually my boyfriend... HELP?
Why is it so hard to find a gay guy who isn't feminine?
What to get my friends and teachers for valentines day?
Christians what does it mean when God calls you a child of the world? or children of the world?
Why do people believe that Jehovah Witnesses are Christians when they are Muslims pretending to be Christian?
Hell doesn't sound bad?
what are the reasons twitter would request that you?
Spiritually speaking My christian neighbour keeps yelling oh god oh god is she possessed?
Why do I find sexual content on movies/music videos/magazines weird but not porn?
Is there more to bigotry than just following Christianity?
Christians, what is your definition of 'the wicked'?
Does this make my son homophobic?
Isn't it true that without God there'd be no life at all?
Spiritually utopia, Once homosexuality be finally abolished on usa, will obesity be banned ness?
Why do evolutioneers have absolutely no knowledge of history?
Does Secular world has a Christian foundation?
Ex Christians, why did you leave Christianity?
So atheists want to make sure public school kids grow up ignorant of faiths and cultures other than?
Christians: Could I become a member of your church if I didn't give any money to it?
English to Tagalog, can someone help, please?
Do Chrsitians understand Christianity when they argue in a spirit of cold antagonism?
If you turn away from a mirror, then turn back super fast, can you see the back of your head?
I am NOT villifying Chritsianity but have a problem with my Pastor. Please give honest advice?
Atheists,will you kill the Childhood of your kids by telling them Unicorns,Santa and god are imaginaries?
Why do I enjoy playing the bad boy when Im not?
Is life a manifestation of God?
Christians tell me what difference is it between these to meanings?
Why do atheists think they're bigger than God?
Why do local cops hate State Troopers?
Is atheism a faith based disbelief?
What types of funeral will Prince Philip?
is my birthday a powerful day?
Whatever did happen to Wrangler Jane?
So atheists want to make sure public school kids grow up ignorant of faiths and cultures other than?
when cannibals eat charismatic christians?
Why is science so popular among atheists, and atheism is so popular among scientists?
How do you say 'a far cry' in German, Italian and French?
How do you learn kanji? Please read tiny description! 20 points!?
Atheists:Please HELP!!!?
What do those who have been martyred for false religions get?
Why do you think Homosexuality is okay!?
I just got a smartphone and am wondering which gay porn sites are the best?
Did you have a Leave it to Beaver childhood?
What ever happened to the chicks from \Two Girls, One Cup\?
So atheists want to make sure public school kids grow up ignorant of faiths and cultures other than?
Do you think its weird for a religion not to let you talk to boys?
Did Muhammad steal or borrow from Christianity? Where did Muhammad get his concept of Jesus from?
I'm 14 I watch porn and masterbath 4-10 times daily? Is this bad?
Poll: What would you like to get for Valentines Day?? ( Best Answer Gets 10 Points )?
Do homosexuals float in water because they're flam boyant?
Atheists, Why smart scientist wish to colonize mars if a martian year is 686.9 earths Days?
what do you like doing more than anything else?
Is it normal to talk to boys?
Gay guy yoou spit swallow or facial?
Is it true that every girl who has aspergers syndrome is asexual?
Why is it so hard to find love?
When Jesus healed Jairus' daughter, why did everyone think she had died, when she was only sleeping?
Why is Iran trying to build a nuclear weapon and destroy Israel?
Is being Gothic more a culture or an attitude about how some people feel about depressed?
I noticed evolution deniers know absolutely nothing about the science that makes them cry. Why?
If you were to pick only one, would you be healthy or rich? Why?
Will there be reproduction in heaven?
guys and sexting HELP how to not be a turn off?
My friend, she's a Jehovah's Witness can she watch Disney Films such as Snow White?
Is Jesus the one who will judge on Judgement Day?
Would Jesus have the implied right to knock on your door ?
Can you people be a athesits and not be touched by this prayer for peace?
Does accepting a person as they are mean you have to like what they do?
What about the Christians that do not even think that homosexuality exists?
As a Christian, is it wrong to lust over a random celebrity crush?
Sleepily speaking - why do people keep asking questions about \The Missing Link\?
Who is a greater threat to world peace, the person above you, or the person two places above you, and why?
Do you feel scared when everything is going good in your life?
Can Mormons who masturbate still get temple recommends? How many lie about this to pass the temple interview?
What is the difference between a duck?
Are you stereotyped as a lesbian if you play softball?
christians if god ordered you to kill your son or daughter?
Spiritually speaking what do you call it when a damn song gets stuck in your head?
What are YOU going to do when they show up unexpectedly at your home, just after midnight?
What is the most common sex position among lesbians in long-term relationships?
How do you say \whose\ in Japanese?
Forcing payment for abhorant things the govt.wants.?
Can you answer these questions about the gospels?
Would this annoy you?
How often will mormon missionaeryes be kocking on doors now?
what does this mean in Japanese?
Are apostates in a cult since they follow one leader ?
Are we born religious or do we choose it?
Christians have you ever prayed for your enemies?
Why Does God Allow Satan And 1/3rd of the Angels To terrorize people?
i found out today i am god?
How do I improve my English grammar skills?
Do White people think that Asian people are ugly?
What would be the German way to handle being ignored, or not responded to?
What does this mean in Japanese? 20 points!?
D you believe that there exists a higher intelligence outside of our planet?
Tell by your experience-Do you find Jewish people very clever?
What to get my friend for Valentines Day?
If Jesus went 40 days without eating, Do you think i could do it ?
Do you believe God controls the course of events, and He has a purpose in all that happens?
Malayalam or tamil translation needed urgent..?
Which version of the Bible is best to read?
What information do you have on the 'GREY ALIENS'!?
You have learned that nobody cares how much you know?
My roommate caught me masturbating....and wouldn't stop staring?
what was your wildest trip like??? ??
World Religion Please Help?
Muslims give me a hand in this please?
If you were to pick only one, would you pick to be sexy or rich? Why?
Spiritually Competing: Isn't this why viking metal is better then Christian metal?
Christianity Hell....?
Can I say I am 24 years old? Please read.?
Who or what told you there was no God?
What is the one thing you look at in your life?
How does seeing the errors of Catholicism make a person hateful?
Can you please write a vampire story?
How to tell people I dont date?
I feel like a total loser?
Why do most people insist that you can not have good without evil?
Did I dodge a bullet?
What is this latin construction called????
Help with this sentence in Japanese? PLEASE!!! I'll answer yours. 20 POINTS!!!!?
Why can't many Italian Americans speak Italian?
Question about creationism?
JESUS?! WHAT KIND OF NAME IS THAT? HE SHOULD HAVE A GOOD CHRISTIAN NAME LIKE PETER OR PAUL!?
What exactly are nuns?
And he said, Who art thou, Lord? And the Lord said, I am Jesus whom thou persecutes: it is hard for thee?
Christians: Why do so many of you stuff your minds full of worldly evil \entertainment\?
Whatever happened to the Singing Nun?
Catholics, what do you think of Pope Francis's remarks about Atheists & homosexuals still go to Heaven?
Please translate this lebanese words: Allah yr7amak da5ilo Allah ma bye5od Illa ltybin ;7abibi ya 3ali?
(For guys) Money or girls?
Why do people spell my name Jonathan J-O-N-A-T-H-O-N instead of J-O-N-A-T-H-A-N?
Is this Arrogance or Confidence?
why was the odd look from him?
Boy Trouble =( (Im Gay btw!)?
Why is she so annoying?
How do you protect yourself during astral projection?
Why do certain fundamentalist Christians think Catholics worship the sun?
How desirable is it to be gentle & well-mannered?
What is the most polonofobic country in Europe?
When did the Church begin?
Is it rude to take a shower in my dorm late at night?
If It Was Guaranteed You Were Going To Heaven And You Could Take ONE Person With You .. !?
I need someone who can write perfect arabic?
Why do we let some christians get away with the atrocities they commit against children?
Why do people say: \Jesus is God\ when God himself said ....?
Will we see Jesus in His full glory when we go to heaven or do we see Him like people saw Him here on earth?
Is it weird that I am Native but I look Mexican or Italian?
What do you think this says about modern culture and society?
Other than a cause, what are examples of ways anything that has a beginning, began?
Would you kill a hobo for his oatmeal container?
POLL With this information what kind of person do you think I am? and what age?
How does Lebanon have the best parties?
How do I tell my room mate to keep her gadgets sound late at night?
why do people just assume that crhistians r hipocrytes and god is false?
Why do I cry so easily?
is it good to have sex at 14 or younger?
If all atheists and theists were loving, understanding, not judgmental of each other, what would R&S look like?
Native English speakers who are good at English, could you help me, please?
Once a Christian has been deprogrammed, how to make sure they never go back to their superstitions and dogma?
Why all the terrible weather conditions and disasters upon the earth if the end is not near?
Catholics do you teach this...?
Christians this is for you?
How do you spell this in Korean?
Do atheists assume their science is the absolute truth or merely the best and most logical explanation we have?
If you were to die sometime tomorrow night (you had one day left), would you life the same as you do already?
Question about Christian history..............?
What happens to your soul after you die?
Do Christians practice, “If reality contradicts what I believe is true, reality is wrong, not my beliefs”?
Can someone please tell me I did the right thing? I know it was right but it was hard to do?
CHRISTIANS: Why do you believe what you do?
How do I get rid of dwarves politely?
Ran away from a mugging?
Anyone know when R&S is sending us our W-2s?
Christians: Why are so many of you choosing to poison your souls with music that doesn't glorify God?
opening my six senses (third eye)?
If we had a different scientific theory to explain life, would religious people reject that too?
Why are people on YouTube.. 'annoying?'?
Why do animals have difficult births?
How should I make a valentines card?
What are some things you have seen?
Same sex marriage research paper?
Atheists, is this what happens to you when you curse God?
How many JWs member get disfellowshipped and how many disassociate themselves from the orginization Each Month?
What is the funniest grafitti you have ever seen?
Genderqueer and can't get my hair cut?
How do you say this in Korean?
Is praying to a god a superstitious ritual?
What Do You Think About Hispanic Girls?
Japanese Grammar Help - dic, te, ta, etc..?
Do atheists perform any superstitious rituals they believe will alter reality in their favor?
what do you think?i have been told that?
Can someone debunk \reptilians\ for me?
I have to enjoy for a week on February.?
Native English speakers who are good at English, could you help me, please?
Do some people have a hard time differentiating between what they imagine to be real and what is actually real?
Dog groomers:does it make you nervous if people keep watching in the window when you groom dogs?
What convinced you Koran is from God?
Let's meet up at the lodge for some hot chocolate. How does that sound?
I still don't understand what 'faith' means?
Do Christians practice, “Believe first, look for evidence later”?
Is it ever ok to break a bad promise? Biblically?
do americans are really ignorant enough to think that south europeans aren't white?
There are no badger-porn tapes. THERE ARE NO BADGER-PORN TAPES!?
how do i get people to understand im just not really available for phone calls 90% of the time?
Does VALHALLA sound like a good place to you guys?
Is it wrong of me to like Religious tropes and cliches?
If the universe was a brain, would the brain be god?
Typical Christian Nonsense?
The United States Federal Congress has encouraged me to want to become President of the United States so that?
Is it bad to write about vampires and werewolves if you're a Christian?
Why is Christmas so much funner then Easter or Thanksgiving?
Why do Latinos start speaking Spanish when a white person comes near them?
Why is it that if someone is trolling us, the mods tell us to ignore the troll, but if?
Why do people get more charitable at Christmas but then are not charitable come January-February?
Physical diversity? Economic diversity? Spiritual beliefs?
WHat kind of things should be shared in Christmas Cards?
How will you be celebrating Valentine's Day this year?
What are some fun ways to spend Christmas Day while with family?
Three of the most dangerous Weapons of the Crime War today are 1. Praying For Persons to die with electronics,?
Why is Christmas celebrated in January in some Eastern Orthodox nations?
I gotta go now, but, uh, don't you LEAVE TOWN (meaning)?
Do you believe this is a real legend?
Native English speakers who are good at English, could you help me, please?
How can I begin planning for Christmas without seeming strange?
what is your opinion on affirmative action?
Do you believe this is the future of America?
Did God create the universe just for us or does he have other side projects (alien life)?
Where is heaven where people go after death they used to say its in the sky now we know that its not?
I'm so confused of Islam help please?
Are people crunchy? Find out the answer in my amazing new book \People are Crunchy\?
atheists: what is your opinion of people that laugh at the way others speak?
What do you call groups like:goth, heavy, popular...etc?
How do Christians explain why human genitals and armpits are hairy?
So what do you guys think of the pope coming out and?
Why are northern European countries so much more advanced than southern \European\ countries?
How many here are tired of being thumb down when giving an honest answer to a question?
What do 3 horizontal lines in your palm mean?
In light of the President's comments on his study of the Bible, can we trust the versions that exist today?
Ps: 38: 13-15 >Why did David choose silence, in the face of accusation, why was his response one of silence?
Why are black people so energetic and hyper (No Racism)?
How to deal with racist friends?
When is Prince Harry going to get married?
Is the bible a falsified document?
I made cookies - why do I have to OFFER them to someone when they can just ask themselves?
Is it great to be white?
why can't I be straight :(?
What to do on valentines day alone?
why can't I be straight :(?
Would you date a man who is bald with a huge belly?
Where do dead people go when they die?
Who's on pottermore?
How did Jewish people pick the name judaism?
Spiritualy upset ,Is the face we see in the mirror the same face others see.?
What can you use to put together a disney princess costume?
Atheists: if kids 20 years from now were like this would you lose more faith...or um..trust in humanity?
How do religious conservatives delude themselves into thinking their beliefs are consistent with Jesus?
What would the Jewish answers be to these Jewish prophecies Jesus supposedly fulfilled?
Since Wikipedia is open for corrections, why isn't the Bible open for corrections when it has more errors?
Is it okay to exercisee but never eat?
Jews, would it be offensive or inappropriate for a Christian to put up a Mezuzah?
why didn't jesus make his church when he was alive?
Ps: 23:1... MY Shepherd... what did the Psalmist recognise here?
Why do men cheat? Are all men the same?
who were the weird religious guys at the airport decades ago?
Do the stars and the planets influence events in our lives?
I think I turn Asian every time I hold my samurai sword, help!?
Is there a German spelling rule that determines whether a word is spelled with a single s or a double s?
atheists: why are some people obnoxious?
omg, i kissed a woman, could you give me an advice?
how do you know for you that God is real?
Christians, why is there a need to lie against other religions?
Why are some religious people offended by the non religious?
What do you call the sport of annoying religious types?
Of the 20,000 denominations of Christians, there are some who claim theirs is the only one that is right so?
Anybody got a theory as to why Jesus was often heckled by demons during his speeches?
what in the bible has been refuted time and time again?
Question for Mormons. (Others may read out of prurient curiosity.)?
Do you think it is wrong for a person to have no trust in anyone?
Why do many say God changed their lives when it was they themselves that did the changing?
Hey, French speakers: what does \C'est vari\ mean?
I have a dilemma and I need advice.?
This a non religious guestion . .?
Spiritually speaking what would your personal heaven be like ?
Why do people expect me to be funny?
If you have two left feet, what do you do with the right shoes you've accumulated?
Bi, Bi-curious or perfectly normal?
If the orange was intelligently designed why doesn't it rhyme with anything?
Will we all know each other in heaven?
Do you believe there is a Final Judgment Day coming?
Salam My Muslim Brothers and sisters what would you do if Ad-Dajjal popped up now?
I need help with French?
If I have as much evidence that Revelation is insane, as you have evidence that is isn't, who's to say?
I've been using this (FOR) six months straight?
Golf, frankenstein and myrth?
If some religious people used to think that mental illness was caused by possession, what are the views now?
Does Thomas Jefferson tremble for his country when he thinks about the fact that God is just?
Why does loving the Prophet Muhammad come so easily?
Can I listen to the bible online for free?
Myths and my answer now poised to being a question?
What do you do when people say crazy, religious, stuff, to you?
My mom told me that Buddha wanted to worship Lord Jesus Christ is it true?
Does God really exist?
Is James I's book on witchcraft still in print?
If three gay Republicans are running openly, how many gay Republicans are hiding their sexual preference?
Which Christian denominations believe that Catholics are infidels?
Can anyone answer my questions about dreamcatchers?
Was this comment Racist?
Are the followers of Religion more likely to cause the same destruction promised by their so-called God?
R&S: What information do you have on the ancient aliens? What role have they played on religions?
Are Spaniards, Italians and Portuguese all part of the same race?
What to get a guy for Valntine's Day?
Why do bible believers feel the need to try to convert everyone else?
How can you be certain that Prophets and the Holy books are from God?
How do you know Cain and Abel's DNA was perfect so that they could marry their sisters?
If I showed you an orange?
What do I make out of this situation? It's so strange?
I like kissing girls more than boys?
Islam advises to spend.. & that's good for the economy. Surprised?
Did you know that God is not finished with people?
Christians, are these good witnessing videos to atheists and catholics?
Is this proof that all scientists worship The FSM?
Religions are like the shopping channel?
Who's heart have you stole? Did God approve? Did you break it? Do you still have it?
To those that say Catholics aren't Christians?
Do you ever worry that Jesus might say to hell with it, and never show up?
Is it possible for two guys to scissor? Or a guy and a girl with a strapon?
Ramadan-Is it haram to not speak to a few family members because they are selfish, greedy and luv u for money?
is the pope the anti christ?
What is the biggest lie you have ever heard?
I just gave my straight friend a blowjob again?
have you ever got tickled in your dreams?
Do you think it is wrong for a person to have no trust in anyone?
How is Martin Luther King Day observed in the USA?
If it's crazy for a person to talk to someone who's not there?
Athiests there are 100 billion galaxies in the universe , the human brain has 100 billion neurons?
Pronunciation of Sweden names?
Ramadan-If Allah doesn't like divorce...then why does he give people crap Husbands an wife's?
Does anyone know what Religion the woman who preformed an exorcism on her kids belonged to?
What is the illuminati?
What has God/Allah/YHWH done for you, that you prayed or asked to have happen? Don't be afraid to share!?
If you pray to God and ask him a science question, and he tells you to shut up, does that count as an answer?
Am I a nihilist or not?
Is money more important than religion?
What are the best christian dating sites?
Who are the \people of the prince to come?\?
native english speakers, plz answer?
How to read, write and speak Chinese fluently?(Other questions?)?
Can someone type out the (4) chinese characters on this image for me?
Devil has appeared to me, offered pork and beans for my soul, do I accept?
Christian help? Divorce and remarriage?
Who believes you shouldn't be fired for smoking weed?
Who believes you shouldn't be fired for smoking weed?
Does the amount of shallow gay assholes decrease between high school and college?
Theists: Regarding your Holy Books...?
is it possible to make a straight guy feel some sexual feeling towed u?
were there any recorded incidents of flatulence at The Last Supper?
Why younger Americans are arrogant with emmigrants?
Spiritually pondering: Is the pledge of allegiance a form of idol worship?
Why are white people not liked?
Where did people in the '90s watch porn?
You think morals are very important, when it comes to sinning, since Principle of Automatic Forgiveness?
\take a steam\ meaning? (from \Rocky\, 1976)?
Is ignorance a good excuse for doing wrong...?
I'm not sure about this!?
What are some things you asked/prayed for God to do for you, and He did?
Spiritually urgent: How much laundry detergent would you need to dissolve a 140lb person at room temp...?
Looking for help with the Odyssey! I need examples of Odysseus' GRACE and COURTESY!?
Was the date for xmas stolen from pagans who celebrate the winter solstace?
[atheists] Why do you deny that someone is watching, just because you don't like it?
I'm so confused right now.?
what are some good gay/straight porn site to watch?
I may sound crazy but, I have a question regarding faeries.?
If thinking about having sex with someone is as bad as doing it (according to christians) can they answer this?
What Are The Characteristics Of A Religious Zealot?
What does the Bible indicate about capital punishment, the death penalty, for criminals?
AGREE or DISAGREE: Life is not easy ?
When is Suicide not considered a Selfish Act?
People who unfriend you because you are ugly?
Do you ever knowingly post drivel here?
how long did it take you to kiss your girlfriend?
Are these questions correct?
Is christianity the only true religion?
If one accepts god but not leprechauns, is one being inconsistent with one's beliefs?
What is your opinion on larger people?
Why do people abuse children?
I cut myself because I hate myself?
Is Haitian Kreyol an African language?
What is a good atheist thing to say at a christian dinner after they have said their blurb to a mythical god?
Does atheists feel guilt and ethics?
Do you think you can tell what a person's characteristics are by their phone?
Spiritually speaking would you date a?
Anybody speaks/writes Latin here? 10 points!!!?
What makes you so sure your book(s) is the one thats right?
Why don't more Christians name their kid Jesus?
The imperfect god of the \bile\ is no more than you can expect from an imperfect man, now is it?
What did the Pharisees think of Jesus?
How come ancient history or mythology never talks about lesbianism?
Check up mistakes please.?
What is the purpose of a man?
Even if you dont wanna follow it, do you still have an interest in what other religions believe?
What is your modern day answer to spiritual awakening?
How to use um... zu clauses in german?
Do missionaries sometimes try to convert people from one denomination to another?
what do you think of my boyfriend Nicolás? I have a photo of him?
Christians and Muslims both believe in Jesus, and he had the same message according to both religions...?
I don't have a religion, now what?
Any Hispanic singers?
Why is it in Scripture we often see passages or words stated twice. Why the repetition?
Ramadan : if I got married in Vegas does that mean I'm married in real life ?
Is my Spanish translation correct? Please help!?
What are the benefits of learning another language?
Respond if youre a pagan/neopagan.?
My Mom is 1/8 Native American and my dad is 1/4 Native American, how Native American am I ?
If I take a ball of clay and form a pony?
NEED MANY OPINIONS DONT JUDGE ME! THANKS IN ADVANCE! DONT ASK WHY I ASKED U ALL ,?
anyone else like this type of guy?(bi/gay guys)?
why a 60 years old man do pi in the sink instead of toilet?
How to start learning japanese?
Why don't Christians focus on converting Jews instead of atheists?
Did somebody on here ask if atheism creates problems? Would this be good argument for existence of a god?
What is your take on this article entitled: Zealous atheists resemble religous fanatics?
So am I Chicana or Mexican American?
atheists: do you agree that badly behaved kids are proof that there is original sin?
Is atheism on the threshold of becoming a religion these days?
What if 2 stalkers were stalking/loving each other?
Do you believe in Heaven & Hell?
Have you ever had dreams or visions from Jesus?
christians what if your wrong?
Could this have been God?
If there is no God, how are you even alive right now?
Is it a sin to say Yahweh?
Ramadan:Is making lofty and glorious masjid acceptable in Islam?
my boyfreind said some offensive things about Christianity how do i dispute them?
How to stop being afraid of hell?
Confused about God And my connection with him?
are christians blind?
What do the 7 alchemy metals symbolise?
Do we look mestizo? (It's me and my sister btw)?
Treatment of disabled people in 1930's America?
Japan has Anime and Manga Korea has k pop what is china popular for in modern society?
Why did God let Jonathan die?
Which is the best city in the world to live in?
Mormons, I'm confused. You say the LDS church is the only true restored church yet?
is complete translation of harry potter available in Urdu?
About to be a 21 year old gay virgin?
For the devil to be real has god got to be real?
Has Prince Harrry not found \The One\ yet?
Should I start a prayer group on campus?
Would science be big enough to admit to discovering God even if they could?
Would it be possible to not receive a volunteer job?
Was jesus born in Bethlehem or Nazareth?
Do people often bring you things you hate?
I read of an old person saying that the lustre of atheism diminishes as the end nears. What does that mean?
Should I ask if a person received the gift I left for them?
What if hell is comprised of Velveeta and pop music?
what does this mean in spanish?
Is being a working class heroine anything to be?
A psychic told me me and my ex are meant to be, should I worry?
With science ever changing, why should we believe the current opinions are true?
How easily do you see the good in people?
Jehovah Witnesses: Question about Luke 13:28?
Are you a momin by heart?
What do you think of this verse in the bible?
what is the best way to learn english?
Questions about homosexuality?
Who are the best? Catholic? Protestant? Orthodox?
The not so rich millionaire?
How do you interpret this verse from Gospel of Thomas?
How come whenever hollywood producers make a movie about black history it is centered on slavery?
Why do people say we need to get rid of religion and stick with science when...?
is it possible to pray away the desire for a husband?
What does this dream mean?
Importance of protecting gaze in islam?
i am scarred for life i don't know what to do?
If past lives are real,does that mean we DO NOT go to Heaven?
atheists: why are many \left wing\ folks atheist?
Why do people who don't like faith or religion spend hours a day in here, insisting that there is no God?
Why has being loud and rude with complete disregard for others considered cultural?
Muslims, do you consider those two Russian suicide bombers men in Youtube, your brothers?
what is your religion?
What does this mean in Arabic ????
Will calendars in the USA ever be barred from using the word \Christmas\ on their calendar?
Is anyone familiar with a job that starts fifteen minutes before or after the hour?
Is there any evidence for heaven?
Ramadan: Are any of you Muslims, friends with Non Muslims?
Men what size women do you like?
how could a perfect designer make imperfect creations?
Is it fears and insecurities based on prejudice and biases which cause people to rile on against religion?
Summarise the parable of the sheep and goat please?
What is the difference in meaning of the last name Kotobuki between when it is spelled ? versus spelled ???
Is childbirth and PMS the result of the sin of Eve or is that just a coincidence?
What is the negative form of \Amuse-toi!\?
As Creationists reject facts and evidence should this bar them from Jury duty?
Why are some cultures so strict or abusive towards children?
why do you believe in God?
We are here, why do people care if we poofed here, or evolved from fish or ape?
How does this version of Hell sound?
Why don't we find human and dinosaur fossils together?
Why would any intelligent person believe the childish tales of the BIble?
Do Mormons believe that the Book of Mormon is a book from God?
How can someone be \half Muslim?\?
How can someone be \half Muslim?\?
What exactly is a 'hippie'?
If the god has always existed, as church people claim, why not the entire universe?
What's this buzz I'm hearing?
First time doing the drug E. What should I be aware of?
I think I may be possessed. Nothing too strong, but i need some insight please.?
What would be the right time to display my colorful tropical drink accessories I received for Christmas?
Will Genesis make more sense if you watch this video ?
Did the war in heaven rip a hole in time and space?
Christians: Are there any teachings or points from other religion(s) that you like?
Are people atheist because they don't like the idea of someone who passed, able to watch them make whoopi?
Islamically, what happens if you leave Islam?
why do men come back to hurt you again, after they begged for trust?
Which is the most/least natural state?
I have found a charm (?) i believe to be chinese, help?
why do I love so much? is it good for me & society?
What's the difference between a foetus and an infant?
whats the difference between \I'm on my own' and 'I'm by myself\?
How long untill the majority of US citizens aknowledge that Evolution is a fact and Yahweh is a myth ?
FRENCH SPEAKERS PLEASE HELP - translate english to French :'(?
This is an email to schedule an appointment. Is it polite enough?
Does he like me or just wants to be friends?
Why do people assume that everyone living in Africa is poor?
Is an iPad or iPad Mini better?
Why did Jesus say . There is none good among you no not One?
Suicidal Christian seeking help?
Help with my theology homework: the kings?
Ramadan : does it still count as zina ...?
This is about being trans gender?
Ganged Up Upon Friends By Asking Why Gays Didn't Go Extinct?
Just saw that \Madonna\ used the go to jail \N-word\, should she have to pay for that?
Sex is a gift from god and should only be used to reproduce?
Can anyone tell me a few common questions they have about the LDS scriptures?
Christian who is on the brink of suicide.?
What's the difference between Catholics and Christians?
Euthanizing infants??
Are Jehovah's Witnesses really communists?
Atheists and Christians what is wrong with Swingers, when I was in elementary school I could swing high?
please help my doctor told me that i have?
Do people have prove that nobody has ever died of weed?
What are the teachings / beliefs of Buddhism?
What are you going to do to celebrate Michelle Obama's 50th birthday?
She believed she could. So she did?
Is this how god created Adam ?
does she like me (i need girl help)?
How do I convince my girlfriend to come with me to Moscow?
Do they allow Gay people openly in China?
As an alternative to condoms should the Catholic Church endorse gay marriage as a form of birth control?
Does Mexico have High Society?
Is it wrong to call despair a sin?
do you hate gypsies to?
my teacher broke the new 55\ tv?
What should I buy first ?
I need some similarities and differences between Islamic and christian weddings.?
Celebrating birthdays haram or halal?
Do some christians have a problem that the scientiffic theory of evolution is part of genuine science ?
Please help!! What do I do?
How do I tell if a guy or man is shy?
Why do white people tell black people to get over slavery?
Why do some young people say 'like' many times in a sentence? Do they think it sounds 'cool'?
floaters in the car with me?
My 66 year old coach wants sex with me?
Why is the race of ethnic Europeans often questioned on this site?
JW's do you know why; Spiritually why is it hard to get over being hurt by Christianity?
Did the Mormons ever come up with a manuscript copy of what's on the golden tablets?
Does it look suspicious to go to Walmart too many times to kill time?
If you saw a holy spirit, would you react - holy cow?
Why does God hate me?
I need an answer from an Imaam or Any Muslim?
Help! What costume should my date and I for a school dance coming up.?
is it normal to see imaginary persons cuz i see one well PLEASE READ THE DETAILS?=?
Will someone explain this picture? JAPAN WTF?
ramadan--why do people?
My weapon has a red and yellow string; what does that mean?
So I have a Bible and a Satanic Bible question?
why do people say that New Yorkers are mean?
Do people go overfetched when they say they can't forgive a loved one who committed suicide?
Ramadan: Muslims do you listen to music or songs?
Muslims: Why should I pray to Allah if he's going to send me to Hell for being homosexual?
Buddhists: Which Buddhist sect does the Buddha favour, & which one does he like the least?
Why are Mormons against same sex marriage yet support polygamy?
air in full on, little-known by loyal functionary (meanings)?
Atheists, which of the following is true for you?
Atheists and Christians, how long should a woman make her boyfriend wait for it?
How to attract gay and straight guys to have s*x with me?
What would religious people think of this statement?
Christians,(possibly jews and muslims) why does satan torture people in hell?
Who do Christians believe is the AntiChrist these days?
Biblical perspective on tithing. Where to tithe?
Was Lazarus in Purgatory in Luke 16?
What is the best way to motivate sheep?
Why do I have feelings for him.?
What does this dream mean?
Am I a mean person or do I have a right to say these things to my sister?
What is the biggest sin in the Methodist church?
athiest do you seriously deny the power of prayer?
Parents Why do you buy your children video games rated 18+, KNOWING it's for adults with sex in it?
Why do ATHEISTS hate President Obama ?
Should i convert to islam?
What part of the brain do Demons reside in when they enter?
was jesus misunderstood, was he saying we're all equally, as him, god's offspring?
What do I get my boyfriend for Valentines day?!?
Christians, did you know this is the International Week for Christian Unity?
What do people get by fooling others?
Are christians baffled that Atheists can live happy lives too without the need for their delusion ?
What are the advantages of being an Atheist?
Does Jesus have to do everything God tells Him to do?
how are relationships between Jehovah's and non believers, do they workout?
How should I feel about my Ex calling me fussing?
footbal(soccer) or handegg?
Do you people know there is a complete recording of everything that happens on earth floating thru space?
What does it mean when a women \has curves\?
Christians, do you have any idea how furious I am with God right now?
Did you spend too much this last Christmas and now you have to watch your spending?
Who is going to see Gawd's Not Dead?
Religion Issue.Help.?
do you have a minute to talk about our lord and savior cthulhu?
I want to become a KPOP idol?
Can you help me with English please?
Jezebel for Jeebus, The Dangerous of Homosexuality?
Is this a good reason to get a pen name?? And if i do, what are some good names?
A question to those who believe gay marriage should not be. It makes more sense tor gays to marry gays then?
Dear Muslim Brothers & Sisters, Do You Know What Happened If You Say # Subhan ALLAH WA BEHAMDEH.?
Is it ok to text a girl happy valentines day?
How would you deal with a situation where a Jehovah's Witness flirts with the opposite sex?
have there been successful relationships between Jehovah's and non believers?
Why did Jesus want his disciples to be filled with the fire of the Holy Spirit?
I'm a positive person surrounded by negative family members with bad attitudes. How do I stay positive?
Is this an irrational or valid fear?
How did mystical forms of Judaism possibly influence on Buddhism thousands of years ago?
Do you live to serve God and what religion are you?
im moving, should i come out as gay at my new place? fresh start?
Am I a Non-Christian if I deeply believe in Eugenics?
do lucky coins/ things work?
If i marry a Muslim Arab guy will his family not like me because im African?
Ramadan : Please help i am scared i will become poor ?
Can you lose your salvation through God?
When Jesus said \The poor you have with you always\ was he being sarcastic?
Why do people post stupid things about God on Facebook and other networking sites?
What is the Muslim opinion on transgender people?
what kind of curse is this?
Are Christians that use birth control commiting a sin by denying denying life and \spilling seed\?
Atheists why do you purchase Auto Insurance even though you do not believe you will have an accident?
Does God care about our times since He has had no beginning ?
Would Jesus call it charity if you passed a law to seize people’s property to pay other people not to work?
was jesus truly a total passivist or did he really tell his disciples to sell their coat to buy a sword?
How can some people bump their heads to a wall everyday while wearing a black suit ?
What church should I join?
Do Christians believe that Lilith was Adams first wife?
why are some people so disrespectful to other peoples houses?
why are some people so disrespectful to other peoples houses?
What to get him for his birthday(:?
Why was Prime Minister Harper blasted when he said the major threat to Canada was 'Islamicism'?
Are there devils among human beings like devils among jinns?
Mom got in my business, right?
why there is always want for human?
I m so scared of what the guy I like would think of me if he knew?
How do you describe \bitching\ polietly?
What is gravity........?
How can you be accused of strawman when attacking the Adam and Eve story ... ?
japanese help please?
What should I do about my personal training sessions?
How Did Abraham Do This?
Does Our Lord sleep and does God have time off?
Is there such a thing as macro-gravity?
Considering they destroy any sense of community here, shouldn't they be called \Rapport Monkeys\?
can someone german translate this for me please?!?
Does Vaseline contain any haram contents?
Help with Japanese words?
Do you love your st.alker as much as your stal.ker loves you?
Does this mountains of evidence for evolution really exist?
Are athiests more prone to depression than other members of the community?
Has it been scientifically proven that those who deny God are prone to depression?
what are the two primary means of interpreting the bible define both.?
How to keep yourself sleeping early?
Jehovah Witnesses : Why didn't anyone know that Jesus was Michael the Archangel ?
What is your favorite life advice?
Who are five people who love you?
How do you correctly answer the following question posed by atheists?
need help with english!?
Can you help me with English please?
If a person is straight, then how is it possible to not be attracted to an ENTIRE race?
How to improve my English? (Especially pronunciation)?
Apart from fashion, how else do young people express their personal style?
Is heaven really all that great?
What's my sexuality I'm 27 and deeply enjoy Yaoi but don't like personal relationships?
how can I unleash hell on heaven?
Is fancying a lesbian wrong?
Does global warmings just be another liberal atheist lies like evolution?
what do you have or do that's so \private\ that the government shouldn't know?
knights vs zombies who will win?
Where did the idea of atheists eating babies (babby) come from?
How to say this in Japanese (10 points best answer)?
On the media that he is just a baby who loves KFC chicken and to please send him home?
Do men and women in west really hate each other?
what does ??? mean in Japanese?
how to start cross dressing?
Senior Citizens, do your sleep patterns change with the change in seasons? In the summer I 'm up between?
how do you know when you have a spiritually reprobate mind?
I got a suntan in German?
I got a suntan in German?
muslims the gods of hinduism don't exist because...?
i am atheist and i want to leave middle east?
Where in the world would be a nice place to be right now?
help with learning spanish past and future?
What's wrong with multiculturalism?
I wonder if the rich look down upon the poor in America?
Which religion you like most?
Is rejection of the Flying Spaghetti Monster an intellectual matter or a moral one?
Guys please answer this question?
Christians, please please read. please I begg you!*?
Did God seriously debate whether to eliminate sin from happening or correct it after the fact?
Is it more admirable to overcome addiction or to never have become addicted in the first place?
Does you think atheists know they is doing wrong in not belief in they god?
why does evil self destruct?
ramadan why is hinduism a false religion?
Wouldn't Evolution only make sense if Creationism was true? Because Common Ancestor means Adam and Eve?
ramadan is the quran true because it says its true?
If God didn't reject Jesus and the Holy Spirit for not choosing Him why reject man?
In Jesus first miracle, why did he need water to make the wine?
How do you know Creatonists invented the terms micro and macro?
yet vs still : could you help me?
Fellow atheists: Did you also reach your conversion target to atheism so you could get a free toaster?
what is my nationality / Ethnicity ?
Evolutionists say we come from Africa but what most of us don't look African?
Funny as it may be, isn't this the way Christians behave when given answers they ask for?
Athiests if there wasn't a global flood how did people walk to Australiia?
If only God is perfect then God knowingly invited evil into His Kingdom by creating Angels and humans?
so I've read the quran?
Will Bhole Nath forgive me for eating meat...?
Atheists you say the bible is useless? How would we know who to put to death without it?
Why are religious believers always looking to Atheists to prove that God is real if they truly believe?
Athiests how can we have a common ancestor when there are so many countries?
In America what would this womans race be classed as?
How long does the average natural Christmas tree last?
Why does Christmas bring out the best and the worst in people?
Why does Christmas bring out the best and the worst in people?
why don't French school teach re?
What are the best kinds of clothes to wear to a Christmas Party?
What are the best types of movies to watch on Christmas?
Does the president's holiday wishes in the USA use the word Christmas or just \Holiday Season\?
Why not admit only microevolution has been observed?
\I testify that there are no gods but God and I testify that Muhammad is the messenger of God\?
Do you think my dog Patches brought me to see him?
Atheists: How many trees, rainbows and human eyes would it take for you to believe in God?
Arabic to English translate?
What is a \spork\ called in the UK?
what do you think of this monolid?
How do creationists seem to find evidence for Noah's boat yet can't seem to find any for evolution?
Arabs, biggest alcohol consumers?!?
ramadan i know how christianity and judasim fit into islam?
Atheists I have an idea how to make evolution more than a theory?
Why are bisexual ppl so ticklish <3?
What does it mean if a guy...?
Is this hypocrisy in Islam?
what does this fortune cookie mean?
Why were all the animals God ever made localised near Noah?
Do Brits favor baths more than showers?
christians have laws of the old testament be abolished?
Believers don't you love when God blesses you so richly?
How do I actually summon a demon?
What are the rules for dating as one of Jehovah's Witnesses?
Ramadan-is it wrong if you want your parents to divorce?
...How did the Hindus come back after the Flood?
What does this mean? 10 points?
Are teddy bears haram?
What if Zeus is Real?
the concept of energy was originally introduced as a purely theoretical quantity that could be changed and?
Is it ok to text a girl happy valentines day?
What languages/dialects of Arabic should I learn for these countries I am going to?
Who was your first same-sex crush that you chose not to be gay with?
Ramadan:What does the name Rayhan mean?
Think about it: isn't deceit just another side to truth.?
Tunisian speakers? Help with this translation?
christians do you think its right for my tax dollars to pay for a nativity scene in front of the white house?
How do people manage to remember to choose to be gay?
Did you know that it is unlikely that there will ever be a manned flight to the sun, it is so hot there that?
Do Jehovah's Witnesses steal children like gypsies?
Why would a religious person blackmail another?
Is this a failed Bible prophecy?
Do you find it disheartening that in 2014, people still defend the \morality of slavery\...?
Whats wrong with the banana argument for design?
a question about memory, aging, and the elderly!!?
Can someone please translate this Russian text?
Do you believe that suicide means automatic hell?
do jehovas play sports?
why are some men so bitter and ignorant?
Are Christians blocking more people on R&S than they were previously?
In which scale Christian Missionaries are converting Hindus will Hinduism survive?
Why do Jews refuse to accept either of Christ or Prophet Muhammad?
ENG; what does this mean? thank you.?
Why should we have morals?
Evolutionists/Atheists......?
Do people find teenage girls creepy?
Why are muslims allowed to be bad?
What religious belief takes the cake in its sheer nonsensicalness?
Atheists, why do you marry?
Why is the Moon so Big?
The 2 planets we rely on are the sun and the moon, as they orbit us the sun provides heat and the moon?
Any other muslim reverts to talk to?
How do I make simple but historically accurate Native American costumes?
If any atheist exist, answer please?
Could you please share links for specific articles on spirituality?
So Atheists, how do I know you exist?
What ethnicity do I look in this pic?
Is Supreme Being a better term for God?
Which Muslim countries allow gay marriage?
Arabic translations please? ( ????? ?? ????? )?
Could aliens have started life on earth?
18th of Aug / Aug 18th / Aug 18?
Why are there so many wikipedia posts in Esperanto?
God in the OT of the Bible ordered Gays & Lesbians to be killed. Why don't Christians™ do this anymore?
Need some advise please?
A UKIP counsellor has said the recent floods in the UK were the result of the gay marriage legislation?
In the walking dead: nobody knows what is going to happen but do you think that that was it for the prison?
Any Brazilian or Portuguese? please. answer me this question.?
Am I right in my thinking of Yahoo answers.?
My 63 year old landlady is flirting with me?
What if God never Existed?
Why do God hate homosexuals (christians only)?
How to connect up with someone on Skype who wants to learn another language ?
How come that some christians say to atheists not to blindly believe everything scientists tell us ... ?
Are there any current prophets, or people who believe they have a msg from God to share?
What are some things God has clearly done for you? Any religion welcome!?
Why doesn't the history channel explain how paganism was introduced into the Catholic Church?
Christians: Which bible verse do you like the most that you don't follow?
If Ghosts don't exist, why be afraid of them?
I wanna know,what is the diference between catholic and christian?
why do christians get so uptight about homosexuality?
Why doesn't God want to talk to his people?
Why is the proofless claim that the earth is 4.5B years old such a popular one among anti-Christian bigots?
How did the word “Church” make its way into the Bible?
Is it really bad to use the F-word?
Re: atheists and paranoia.?
Are Christians biblically instructed to stop worshipping Jesus if the law of land demands it?
what do you think about Golem is it witchcraft or from G-D?
Hey guys i need help please?
Muslims: If a person develops a mental illness as a teenage, does that mean that Allah is punishing them?
my guardians get hurt each time i need to be formal?
Christians, what do you believe is the worst part about Hell?
I cannot find any information on Nobuhiro Watsuki can anyone help get info on him?
How can you scare and shame a fully grown adult?
Atheists, why don't you admit there are atheists who are against gay marriage?
what religion or belief or organization has a tetragrammaton star?
Can anyone who speaks FLUENT (Iraqi) Arabic tell me what this says?
What makes a person gay or bi?
Why is it that some Christians are unable to see how absurd their arguments against gay marriage are legally?
Ramadan : Is saying calling anyone else mom besides your real mom..?
Why is Catholicism intolerant of accepting the bible as truth?
What is it with paranoid atheists?
Why do people who lie to protect their sins want people who repent to suffer?
Can anyone answer my questions about past lives?
what would be a more useful language to learn french or spanish?
Are gay people more or less likely to commit suicide in countries that have a high number of Christians?
Why do some christians pretend to know everything by saying \GOD DID IT\ ?
How many new religions get started each year?
Is church attendance necessary or uncesseary for salvation?
The Father was God of the son.The son was not God of the father. How can you forsake yourself ?
Is there a pagan religion that is more anti-Christian than Catholicism?
Why do muslims not eat pork?
Homosexuality and religion and Invasion of Privacy?
What religious matiral would the LDS/mormon church give me(a non religious person)?
Have you noticed that it's only Christians that need to be told that \God loves you\?
Ramadan : What would you do if your dad marries again?
Are you happy where you live?
What Is The Single Most Absurd Bible Verse?
about colors in japanese?
Have you ever heard a solid argument against gay marriage based in logic?
Have you ever heard a solid argument against gay marriage based in logic?
Religion & Spirituality : Christians, why do you still make Images..?
During the plagues, did only the first born \sons\ died or did it include daughters as well?
Homosexuality and religion?
Can you help me with English please?
I accept that alien scientists created all life on this planet, can you prove me wrong?
atheists, how is it possible for design, symmetry, and order to have come about in nature on their own?
What evidence is there that the Catholic Church DOES NOT use biblically forbidden images in worship?
How do I tell my Muslim family I'm an Atheist?
Why is Best for Business lying about the Catholic Church?
Is it correct -grammatically- to say: \It's right that he is clever\?
Kids or children? Not baby goats?
How does story such as http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rC62Fgjyt3w differ from stories in some mainstream?
I don't want to be gay anymore?
Without the bible, would gay people be bullied so much?
Who will win the February 4th debate between Bill Nye, science educator, and Ken Ham, science denier?
Why do people lie about the Catholic Faith?
Why did Catholics murder Protestants at the command of their popes?
Dear Christians, did you know that 75% of prisoners are Christians?
Crushing on a likely straight girl!!??
What's the meaning of the word \paradoxes\ in this sentence? Is the statement true or not?
Give me some proofs to support that Mahabharata and Ramayana really did occur!?
anyone ever used a ouija board?
Please advice, don't know why I put this in religious section. Please advice, really appreciate it?
Real native English speakers, if you have time, plz answer?
How do you know you are a New Creation in Jesus Christ?
What is your favorite scripture verse that tells how much Jesus Christ loves us?
So, elves, people, orcs and dwarfs have kings/queens. What about hobbits?
Atheists, if Santa is a myth, why are his bones buried in Venice?
Are the Irish an ethnic group?
Ever seen a naked person in public?
What do you think about Nobel prizes for literature?
Does an inverse pentagram necessarily represent satanism?
Why do some people claim to have forgiven, but still seek retribution?
How would you describe Psalms to somebody that had never read it?
Should I be embarrassed about this, please help?
So who is responsible for the floods in the UK?
Please don't get rid of the Monarchy after the Queen?
I'm being sued help?
why does allah (swt) guide certain people?
I'm proficient in English ? grammatically correct?
Is it creepy, the way some US Christians think atheists aren't nice people?
Ramadan : I know one Shaitan , born to muslim family , but always very handsome ?
why am I so bad with keeping it cool?
How to learn to speak spanish (elsavadorian)?
What's 'Gattina'?
Ramadan-why do we have to 'obey' our husbands?
I was told that in jerusalem the christians got so hungry.?
Why do I feel so bad for having spent money on my hair?
science people; are these people disagreeing or agreeing?
Translation Of These Japanese Instructions In English Needed Of These Japanese Instructions...Please.....?
Translation Of These Japanese Instructions In English Needed Of These Japanese Instructions...Please.....?
Ramadan : If i feed needy people in return will i get good things In shaa Allah ?
Is Leviticus 18:22 having a go at bisexuals?
Do you theists realise that?
Question about Creationism..............?
Since the human body obeys the laws of nature at every single level, where is the special godly part in us ?
Islamically is it wrong to wind people up?
why do people treat me like i am stupid ?
what was that thing where on 9/11 all the random number generators went platinum?
Feeling okay all of a sudden.. Is this meant to happen when you are prayed for?
ISn't it odd that once your bornt your gonna die?
the sequence of tenses?
Why are my parents my parents? Sunni Muslims only please answer?
is there something wrong if I watch Gay porn and I know for a fact that I'm straight?
Has anyone heard about the girl who transformed into a grotesque creature because she kicked the Quran?
Ramadan: Is water being commercialized in your country?
Im really at a loss here can someone give me some advice?
Why do I hate when people tell me what to do?
How to speak and talk articulately?
Which mythical creatures do you find scary?
Is it ok to get an ex girlfriend a valentine's day gift?
Ramadan: Does prohibition of wine apply to all or only to Muslims in Muslim nations?
Is the way my family talk to me patronizing? Or is it another word? (10 points)?
is there a christian denomination that forbids people having kids?
I'm struggling with reason?
Hey Christians, why does God allow suffering?
Qualify for disability benefits?
Do any athiest find Dane Cooks jokes funny especially the one called the sneezing athiest?
Ramadan : Can i feed for needy people , for speaking baddest words ?
Why do people have kids when kids are really annoying?
Kya ye Duniya Jaalim hai? If yes. Explain and if no. explain.. How?
Am I a crossdresser or is this just a fetish?
For Muslims who slaughter each other, who gets into Paradise?
LDS, who are those that will not be gathered with Israel?
*Christians only please* why do I feel so bad?
Why are people offended when someone says \Jesus Christ!\?
why does God lead us down a path of lonliness?
What do you think is the sexiest language?
How do I summon a demon?
How do I come out of the closet?
has any other Christian felt like this.?
Why are we punished for our fathers sin when we are born sinless?
for people who dont believe in God?
What, exactly, makes someone a transsexual chaser?
Question about Christianity and persecution..............?
How can I attract demons to me?
Why are curses for the sins of our mothers and fathers..Aren't we born sinless?
Atheist what do you think about this video?
Spiritually speaking if i was to check your internet history what would i find ?
Are psychics real? Or do they just scam people?
What does \lead paint\ in the following sentence mean?
Is it weird that I'm attached to Mediterranean people?
ghost why don't people believe in ?
Why won't Lady Gaga leave the gays alone?
What does mandilik mean in Arabic?
Starting to believe I'm pansexual?
What race are spaniards.?
Do you believe this is real?
Aren't you glad Republicans lost the 2012 election?
do white women like dark/brown skin asians?
Was Adam and Eve the first case of incest?
Do you believe this shocking news about Duck Dynasty?
How do I make friends with my mormon housemate?
appreciated or appreciate it?
I have no purpose or ideas for a career?
If evolution is true then why are there still Athiests not fully formed into monkeys?
are white girls really racist?
Why do I dream about the devil and God and why is my brother part of it?
Can I learn how to drive when I'm in my 30s?
Is rejecting both the Christian God and the surrounding dogma the result of \evil and hateful will\?
Were there any kangaroos on Noah's ark or did they evolve after the flood...?
are nudist videos considered as porn?
if you died today could you stare God face to face and judge him of unholiness and love of sin?
How do I make friends with my mormon housemate?
Do you wish you could make yourself have a beautiful dream?
Once a brother, always a brother Latin translation?
LGBT: Does kissing feel good?? why?
Are Athiests angry because some power lines are in the shape of a cross?
If a soul exists, why can someone with brain damage change personality?
LGBT: What counts as having sex??
Question about Christianity and it's critics...................?
Question about Christianity and it's critics...................?
Is it worth inviting my non-christian supervisor to church?
Pakistani Muslims I need advise?
Should I run alway with my gf ?
MYTHOLOGY: What is this creature? Is it a real creature, or a mythological creature?
Do Pakistan also have electric city problem?
People of the lgbt community i need ur help with this?
Do people find the Australian accent funny?
I'm attracted to guys who abuse me. Is it normal?
Why do women always have to have an opinion about something?
Am I bad person for being a transsexual chaser?
Has another virgin birth really taken place in Italy to a nun?
what did jesus look like?
Would you take a question like this seriously?
Is this racist or not?
Why do people think I'm autistic?
Christians what if Satan was pretending to be god how would you know the difference?
im 16 years old am i a little kid or a young adult?
What is the purpose of an african chant?
Ramadan: I feel so tired and exhausted?
And how does the ungodly angry music make you feel?
Would a princess still become queen if she had an illness that could take her life?
What does the Satanist need help with?
Atheists, does even god say he's not real?
Would dying my hair white/silver be considered 'gay'?
Atheists: Who did God have in mind when he inspired the Bible writer to write the following?
What do you think of this verse from Gospel of Thomas?
What do you think of this verse from Gospel of Thomas?
Is there such a thing as Mexican Royalty?
Can you as a Christian show me why Paul the disciple never asked God if he could be holy and pure as God is?
Is a Spaniard the same race as a Mexican?
English to Tagalog translation, can someone help?
Can souls be annihiated even if they are energy?
Is the Nacirema tribe real?
What is the True Spiritual Essence?
So Christians do you dance and laugh and love it only God is holy and righteous?
Have psychics really helped police investigations?
Suspicious guy sitting in car watching house?
Muslim Christian Marriage ?
Have you ever seen a black priest?
Was this an early indication that I was gay?
Do you think atheists or theists live more examined lives?
What does Hard Work means to you?
Do donkey shows really exist?
Need help with what religion I am?
What's so bad about men in nursing?
what are the most well-known cuisines that people eat in different countries from other countries?
does this blow your mind a little?
My girlfriend ended up cheating on me with a guy?
Do you think globalization is good or bad? Why?
Why do Atheists claim science is more accurate than the Bible?
Is this really that bad of a joke?
Why do Jahova Witnesses believe this?
anyone know of good documentaries about atheist or satanist that have turned to God on their deathbeds?
Why do people hate justin bieber?
Do you believe _Heaven is for Real_ is made up?
What is the behemoth mentioned in the Bible?
how do Psychics manage to control their arterial pressure after reading the porn fueled mind of an Atheists?
Why do Caucasian couples move in with each other unmarried?
Can you teach me why you are not as pure and holy as God Christians?
Spotting Gays at your church?
any help/advice anyone?
Is there a number that describes our present world society ?
If Ouija boards work, why is it not documented anywhere?
Can you tell the race of users in this section...?
is it a sin to be gay and Christian?
What is it to sin against the Holy Spirit? How can we sin against the Holy Spirit?
Fellow Christians: Is this a sin?
Are you where you are because?
How does your mind react to my beliefs?
Would you view this as more negative or endearing?
Swedes! Help me with this, please!?
Share some of your beliefs and look at mine?
When you fight authority, who always wins?
Why do many Christians deny the existence of Demons when 1/3 of Jesus's miracles were casting them out?
Asking for people to pray?
Roman Catholics: What are your thoughts on the Kolbe Center for the study of creation?
So Christians how can Jesus be the messiah if he does not know the way the truth and the way to life?
Why Are Christians Ignorant?
Does ones physical posture?
I don't know how to calm down?
Did I accidentally drive this nice Christian family away from my neighborhood?
If Jesus defeated Judas at the Last Supper, do you think he would have gone on to be World Champion?
What is the Spanish surname that sounds like \Science\?
Why do most Christians think a Ouija board is more dangerous than Tarot Cards, astrology or magic 8 balls?
Why are trans men so invisible in the media?
Theists and atheists, what do you think of this picture?
What word it's self sparks hope,ignites passion and inspires loyalty in you?
What should I do in case?
LGBT: Is This True or a Vicious Lie?
I came out in October. How can I know learn more about the LGBT community?
If Christians followed Jesus, wouldn't they try to spread the wealth equally to every person in the world?
Does anybody remember the name of the song in \Piglet's Big Movie\ commercial?
How much Has your Spirituality increased by using R^S today?
Where do demons come from?
Do modern philosophers fall mainly on the side of science (logic, reality) or with religion (wishful thinking)?
R&S: I just realized the terrifying implications of militant atheism?
Would this make a traitor?
In what way do our parents become our second God?
Would an adult who left their hometown nigh-on seven years ago, when they were twenty-eight, lose their accent?
Christians: Have you ever studied Reformed theology?
Have you made room in your heart for Jesus to be the Way, the Truth and the Life through your life to others?
Does this sura applies to Yemen, Saudi Arabia, Egypt, these days too?
Why do north koreans hate Westerners?
How many times have you assumed something to be one way and it was not that way at all?
Has Jesus Christ been your Savior very long ?
What does this sura mean, \however you wish\ into your woman?
Are you at ease when someone asks you to pray for them?
When You Are On Your Death Bed, Should You Go TO THE Light Or AWAY FROM The Light .. !?
Christians how do you know god isn't actually the \Satan\ of another religion?
Do you believe that God is in charge of your life?
Does a guy with a largely female friends group make them less attractive?
What is my purpose in life presently? What would God want?
Spanish or middle eastern?
Do the staunchy religious avoid science because \they can't handle the truth\?
Most likely reasons boyfriends turn off their phone?
Has America become a nation of \potbellied\ or \teddy bear\ people?
Why do people say they are born gay/lesbian/bisexual?
Are you preparing to go still further into now?
What are some good christian colleges in California?
Why do religious people believe in fictional characters?
how do i approach someone of the same sex i like without being scared?
Do you have a purpose?
When Allah tells us that with hardship will be ease, when does the \ease\ come?
Are the girls that put foot fetish videos on youtube all strippers?
Why are people so stubborn and bias in their interpretations of others expressions and thoughs?
Question about the Light in Genesis chapter 1?
As a God how can i get people to worship me?
Why is my co-worker being greedy and dating all the female co-workers?
Do You Every Pray To God .. !?
Why is it okay to eat animals but not people?
Is God vane as he demands we worship Him.?
How to get the boy to return to Christ?
will straight guys have sex with other guys?
If Jesus didn't stay dead how could he claim he gave his life for people's sins?
What Is The Biggest Sin ONE Can Commit .. !?
Why does he stare at me like this?
Who Does the Bible say is the \god of this system?
is the mothman real. i want a answer now?
Are there good seeds and bad seeds, or really no seeds at all?
How did you American people learn English words(spelling) in school?
What nationality do I look?
How much of Atheist are militant atheist?
If someone suggested a book that would most likely change your ideology... would you read it?
Why do many Yahoo user believe homosexuals are perverted and detestable?
Do I look more middle eastern or Spanish?
How far off is thumbing down books you haven't read from burning them?
LGBT! If God came to visit LGBT, what would you, as a gay man or woman, ask him?
Mythology of Christianity?
Atheists: What are your thoughts on superstitions?
is it legal for people go barefoot in public?
Is it rude to laugh in a restaurant?
I just can't seem to get into organized church anymore?
The literation for \Zamyotov\?
What was God doing 328 billion years ago?
Can I say \Her beauty caught my EYES\, not eye?
How do bunnies manage to carry those bottles of booze in their tiny little paws?
What's the difference between race and ethnicity?
Is it prohibited for a muslim to have a medication that required alcohol to dilute its contents in?
Why do I like watching this specific type of porn?
Cute, creepy, or lame?
Lesbians. Marriage vows?
What do you think about Heaven and Hell?
Anyone who is religious, what do you think of yours not being the only one?
Closer to the end times, believers will be having more frequent dreams; why?
Do you believe science is being suppressed to prevent the secular society from collapsing?
please help me i want to come out but im already an outcast?
About the kanji for money 10 points!!!!!!!!!!!?
R&S: How can I reject Christ as a teen?
What was there before god?
How should I feel about my Ex calling me fussing?
Would the planet be better off with untreatable Aids?
Those of you following a religion how do you feel about religious pluralism?
Christians, how can you justify God's actions?
What have you learned to practice to, hopefully, avoid embarrassing situations?
will red jesus come to take you down to heaven?
If you were starting a brand new country, would it be open to all races and ethnicities?
Is this cute, creepy, or lame?
I had the most amazing dream yesterday. (question inside)?
Is Hispanic a race in the USA?
How would I write this sentence? Where does the comma go?
Some one please help... Psychic...?
How do jews,christians,and muslims see non believers as ?
Why does the Good Shepherd want us in His Meadows? Does He really want us to become fat?
What was there for God to know before God made creation?
How did the Roman pagans corrupt the religion of Christianity into the sun-worshipping religion of Catholicism?
When mr Jarl Moe read the pubblic red book?
Do you have a picture or depiction of Jesus in your home or place of worship?
What do people find attractive about girls?
Which animals are okay to kill and which aren't?
i have recently found myself complaining to one person after work. how do i stop this?
I mistook a disabled person for a drunk?
Bible versus???????????????????????????????????
Why do you get all the love in the world?
Does mass on tv counts?
WHY does the New Testament Books Contradicts the Original Holy Bible?
Christians - Honestly speaking, do you doubt your faith?
Who do you think wrote the Holy Bible?
Why do Italians dislike Ugliness?
How do I have sex before marriage and not go to hell?
do u believe in life after death?
how to explain being transgender(ftm)?
Whatever happened to Hope and Change ?
Is it true that guys prefer girls who can cook?
Can someone recommend a name which has been given, by which I might be saved?
I'm ftm pre-t why is my doctor testing my hormones?
Christians - Are humans made from God's spirit?
Is there an islamic backround about this?
What does it mean to be a Good Shepherd? How do we do this One to another as Jesus did for us?
Do Jehovah Witnesses look like the mafia?
Who do u masterbate with your fingers?
How compassionate are you towards children in comparison to adults?
what if no matter how poor and uneducated you were if you were taught good values?
how do I explain the book of bible stories where it says that Jesus was the first ANGEL God ever made??? whoa?
Why is coffee forbidden in Mormon's belief?
Why do lots of bands and singers and rappers think it's cool to hate on Christians?
What's the significance of Odysseus’ trip to the land of the dead? Was it needed for a safe homecoming?
Why are so many Caucasian people still bothered by interracial dating?
It seems I've once again fallen down the rabbit hole...?
I've hurt my mom and I can't take it back?
What world population is too much?
How do i know i am a lesbian?
Why did god make me ugly?
Can I make a creepypasta religion?
Who is a greater Judge of God's inspiration: Origins or Yeshua?
How does reading God's Word refresh you? Psalm 19:7- What made you JOYFUL?
Why do people get married? Why not live alone with no bother?
How many times did you visit the Kotel (AKA - Wailing Wall) in the old city of Jerusalem?
Are exclusive religions the minority, yet have a grip on the majority of the world's souls?
A little translate in english how i say \pick up something from the ground\?
LDS members. Scared to leave for mission.?
Why is Valentine's Day such a big consumer holiday and is it 2nd to Christmas as the biggest?
Can I ask Christmas questions on here any time of the year or is there a limit?
Is western culture, based on Judaism, Christianity and humanism far greater than Islamic culture?
How do u masterbate without sex toys?
How come men like women that are bald headed, but will not like a chick with natural hair?
What would you have done?
How many know that God sings? Zephaniah 3:17...?
Why is Australia such as racist country?
Why do Christians call all witches as women when both Men & women were tortured to death in 14th century?
Why do so many 'Christians' ignore certain parts of the bible?
How to explain love or being in love?
Am I a crossdresser or is it just a fetish?
How do I help someone with dementia remember past Christmas memories?
Chinese Men on the moon and the response from God?
Is being overweight looked upon in the U.S.?
Women Stuffffff. I need advice?
Do Jewish people still celebrate Christmas even though the religion part is not celebrated by them?
Do Jwish people still celebrate Christmas even though the religion part is not celebrated by them?
What is the tradition behind Christmas Fairs like Christmas Bazaar?
What is the tradition behind Christmas Fairs like Christmas Bazaar?
question for adults, this woman told me has hiv, if try anything down there with my hands...?
When do people usually start their Christmas Shopping?
What makes Christmas so much more special then other holidays during the year?
How did reindeer come into the story of Santa Clause at Christmas?
How did reindeer come into the story of Santa Clause?
What are the best meals for Christmas?
When will it be appropriate for me to start asking people what they want for Christmas?
native english speakers plz answer?
Religion that's claims we are God?
Is there a support group for people who feel anxious at Christmas Time?
The administration Jarl Moe is delaying for tax renforrcement in Centuria,WI, why?
I have started my Christmas Shopping, is this too early?
Why am I attracted to shemales?
What kind of gifts can I take to the local Christmas Bazaar?
Are yõu a good person?
Why do people say that God will only bless you with a lot if you can handle a little?
How can Christmas me more jolly in the USA?
Will people forgive God for his mistakes?
how does buddhism relate to occupational therapy?
Spiritually metaphorical: When did you take the red pill?
Should I go to Christmas Eve or Christmas Day Services this year?
What are some Christmas songs I can have on when people come over at Christmas or Thanksgiving?
Why did Santa Clause get the tradition of coming down people's chimneys?
What presents can I get for people over 65 for Christmas that they would enjoy?
What presents can I get for people over 65 for Christmas that they would enjoy?
Ideas for Religion project.?
What presents can I get for people over 65 for Christmas that they would enjoy?
What does \God gives to you according to your heart mean\?
How could i to learn english ? Any advices ?
Is it true that the only help we have is in ourselves and not in a God who never comes through?
Spanish Idiomatic Expression Meanings?
Is it socially appropriate for... (2 questions)?
What kind of girl do I look like?
HOW TO SAY THIS IN JAPANESE PLZ HELP (10 POINTS FOR BEST ANSWER)?
Will Jehovah Witnesses go to hell for not believing in hell ?
Atheists, if you were once a deist, what caused you to transition from deism to atheism?
A kid in my class hit me and I did nothing back to him?
Christians: Did you know that you can't come to the Only Way to God unless God Himself draws you to Him?
Should I ask my boyfriend if I can have sex with girls?
If I was pregnant during the time I got married is my marriage invalid?? Please show me proof (Islam)?
How come Jesus speaks British English in all movies I've seen?
Heaven has become a dangerous weapon that kills people every day. Would the world be better off without it?
Where are you looking for heaven, is the Psalmist surprised when he sings of this...?
What does atheists like too burn books?
Who would support globalization? Who would disagree with it?
Are religious wars are basically people killing each other over who has the better imaginary friend?
When do I come out as a lesbian?
about the sequence of tenses in English?
Poll: Do you believe in God?
If god created all things including heaven and earth and all the people and animals, why did he create heaven?
What if it's not \all ways lead to God\, but rather \God leads us to The Way\?
Why are we here ? Life , instead of no life ?
Is striking children commanded in the bible by God?
Why do we have gravity? What is gravity?
How do I tell my mom I dont want to be a member of my church nicely?
If Jesus is God, how can he be a MEDIATOR between GOD and man?
Is there a Christian figure named Fatima?
Why are we even here?
In the early times of the bible people lived hundered of years but today person might make it to 100?
In Islam I am married but I have never received my dowry is my marriage now invalid?
I'm leaving organized church but still love God?
On what grounds does he believe this? James the brother of Jesus teaches that suffering should lead to joy?
Who's wrong in this situation?
Do you have more than one ancestry? What would you do if they are opposed?
Why do Christians conclude that if atheists don't believe in heaven...?
How to deal with society?
Please help? Confused about Islamic inheritance?
Who will you elect as your spiritual adviser?
girls problems plz help anyone?
Atheists, if our consciousness ceases to exist after we die; doesn't that make life completely meaningless?
What type of porn do you prefer?
Why do we live in a quantum mechanical Universe?
How can I close my third eye ?
Why do Christians in advertisements/web sites/publications for churches always smile?
Do modern pagans believe in the old gods, or is it a cultural/ historical celebration?
Name something you can't understand why people spend so much money on?
What if my \tribulation\ is better than yours?
Catholics and Orthodox: Is this view of faith compatable with your beliefs?
Religiously debating: Isn't Reducto ad Hitlerum the same thing as Godwin's Law?
Can someone translate this arabic slang?
How will you feel when all of this spiritual nonsense has run its course?
Why is mathematics the language of the Universe?
People who believe in theistic evolution?
Benny Hinn and Paula White: How are they still in ministry after their affair?
Why is it important to remember? Jer: 51:50; Ps:137:5?
What's the easiest way to learn Japanese?
I just need someone to listen to me, I want to die again because of this woman?
Pagans, is the effectiveness of magic something that could be demonstrated scientifically?
Feel ugly for being light?
Christians ,How to we enlighten the world ,to the fact that there was no slavery in the O.T. or the N.T..?
what's a good gift for a family with young kids who just had one of their kids pass away?
If people from a Spanish speaking country are labelled as Hispanic in US shouldn't people from Portugal,?
How does agreeing to disagree change those *irreconcilable differences*? What is sown in Gen: 13:8-9?
Could the message of Jesus have been distorted during the Dark Ages?
80% of people left a Methodist church because a new minister told a gay employee to leave. Any opinions?
Did the Jews actually remove the tetragrammaton from their scripture...?
please help me out idk wat to do?
Why is there so much controversy when there's a story about a kid who was able to buy a Rated M video game?
Does anyone know who Dr. Bilal Phillips is?
Does anyone know who Dr. Bilal Phillips is?
How do you control your emotions when there's a full moon?
What would the Philippines be like today if the Spanish never colonized it?
Where is there any proof of Gods existence when He never shows Himself to us nor does He help us?
Do you believe that God is One Isaiah 43,10?
What is so fascinating about interracial relationships?
to the british people?
Hey, guys... I don't know what to think, or do.?
Christians: Why are so many of you choosing to poison your souls with music that doesn't glorify God?
How can Jesus help me stop being obsessively thinking about God? I tend to think about God 24/7?
People think I'm gay because I like ponies any help?
Religiously silly: Is the right answer always Jesus?
Why do some people care so much about what others think about them? Why can't they just be themselves?
Dearest Muslims - Do you ever feel the emotional impact of books + movies?
Psychic déjà vu? I have \abilities\, which have all been fine. But this one, not so much.?
Is there any full on evidence of god?
Would you not agree that the skepticism about the Genesis account has little real basis?
Do you feel like people dislike mixed people because they are the most attractive?
Do I have to take sacraments to be saved?
Can we fall from Grace?
Is it Wrong that I'm an \ATHEIST\?
What do you think when you see and adult freeze up and blush when they're the center of attention?
Christians: Doesn't it make you sad when...?
does catholic churches allow baby skunks?
What food did you or your spouse crave when expecting?
Christians: Do you believe that a person who encourages slaves to remain slaves is a good person to listen to?
Native English speakers who are good at English, could you help me, please?
Can someone who can read Arabic translate this for me?
Muslims: What do you make of this...?
Is This A Sweet Valentine's Present?
Is This A Sweet Valentine's Present?
Do you have to be gay to appreciate championship figure skating?
Do you support not having capital punishment?
Do you think that you're 'smarter' than those who believe in a God?
what type of language is this?
Christians, what are the seven benchmarks of the great Book of Revelation?
Atheists, other than scriptures, which are the best books on religion written by theists that you've read?
I need help learning Japanese?
How can I help my brother who has an intellectual disability?
Who is queen of hell 666 2, an animal?
Do these verses accurately describe your description of this life?
Why do asian people bleach their skin.. wjen their skin is already light enough?
How long will it be before America throws out the nonsense of Genesis?
9/11 didn't happen because of religion?
Why is it that American's most basic understanding of Black History is Slavery?
Will the two witnesses be indentified?
Religious people/Atheists: do you think sleeping and general anaesthesia are the best proof?
Christians: Is there any evidence that supports at one time all humans except one family were killed by a?
Have you ever lost respect for someone after viewing their Facebook activity?
Why do a couple of my Muslim friends want me to convert?
What is this scripture saying?
Why do I get more crap from homosexuals about my sexuality?
GRAMMAR CHECK PLEASE ~thank you ^^?
What are the 3 best countries in Asia besides Japan?
Does anyone here have any experience with mental therapy?
Would you date a man who is bald with a huge belly?
On what all occassions did Prophet Muhammed intercede for his ummah?
GUYS I NEED ADVICE ON SPANISH CANDY!?
Do these sentences sound fine for a native English speaker?
the usage of 'but' in a remark by Mark Twain?
Do all trans women \date down\?
Should I take French or Spanish?
Who said the new testament does not need to be followed anymore?
Could English and Scots be considered different languages by this standard?
Can Jehovah Witnesses do sports?
Will you please check my sentence?
If 1% of Japan is Christian & the other 99% going to hell why isn't Jesus doing things to convert them?
Why do americans are more religious than europeans?
Spirit & Perception: Am I learning faster, or is it just my perception that's improved?
Are atheists just lawless and wicked since all they evidence they need has surrounded them all their life?
Would you consider 25 years old to be getting up there in some ways?
Should I apologize to my GF for calling her fat basically?
What is done during a sex change to make someone change from one sex to another?
Can a person become an angel after death?
Chasing the Grail? Meaning?
Is \No Meek Messiah\ the new atheist bible or something?
Muslim Girls Only--> What Did You Wear?
is this / is it (grammar question)?
What Do You Do After You Get Married In Islam?
A questiopn for Atheists: How would one prove God and what does once accept as evidence of a creator?
What does it mean to be femme?
Why does everybody always stare at me!?
What does Buzoku no senshi-tachi, means?
Is there any way God will let somebody out of hell?
Why is Virgin Mary's hair always covered?
Watch TV series help to learn English?
Which should i follow?
GETTING AN INJUCTION - please help I'm very stressed out?
My fiance demands I convert to Islam and our children all practice it as well.?
Chasing the holy grail?
Something everyone should consider (particularly the theists on this site)?
Atheists, why the Christian God?
God said jesus is not his son and God he don't need son ,?
can you count past ten with japanese counters?
why do evangelical or protestant Christians are divided in many denominations or churches?
Do Protestants think Mary was nothing more than an incubator?
what is the prove that jesus was son of God?
What would happen if a nudest walked into a church?
do you believe in miracles?
Why does everyone think people are pure?
Where would one find a (very) cheap (or possibly free) human translator(s)?
does jesus is the son of God ? if yes why jesus and God has no same DNA,?
Do bi girls usually end up with a guy?
Who was this girl from Greek mythology who raced potential suitors?
Fundies: do some of you still live in the 40s or 50s?
Why do christians report everyone that poses a threat to their ideology.?
What kind of hair style does this afro-black guy have on yahoo answers?
can loving someone unconditionally lead to greater love than you known before?
Articles on biblical archaeology?
Present for a gay dude.?
Does everyone have faith?
Will Hades make Christians suffer in the afterlife for believing in a false god Jesus aka Jehovah/Yahweh?
story involving yellow dragon help?
Is It Haram To Read Qur'an In..?
If God had a planetary classification system, where would Earth be?
Would i be considered a bad girlfriend?
Are Protestant scandals always in the charismatic movement?
Atheists: How do you think religion started?
When Jesus decided to die for their sins, did he stop to think how many sins likely to occur in the future?
Have you ever been tickled while you are on bondage?
If Noah's flood is a myth, why is there so much water on this planet?
What do good parables point to?
A question for someone who is part of the Muslim religion (preferably female)?
Spiritually, what would you do in such situation ? Or is it only show hypocrisy ?
should i invite the kid in the wheelchair if i dont even know if he can do it?
do you want to hear a joke?
Spiritually linguistics,Why isnt Islam synonymia with Terrorism yet,despite it already is in our consciousness?
If a parent is disabled and there is a social security check in his name and another in the child's name.?
isnt the queen loverly?
Is the fact that Papa Shango can put a curse on the Ultimate Warrior proof of God?
are there any witch supplies/wiccan/pagan shops in southend on sea?
Spiritually is our society shifting from a patriarchal era to a matriarchal era?
Child porn have you ever accidently?
I receive ssi but how long until I receive ssd?
Would you get offended if a Christian minister tells you this (read details)?
I have completely lost my appetite, how can I get it back?
Atheists, why do we need food?
the flood.......did it really happen when Christians say it did?
Atheists why are more well-behaved and passive in muslim countries, than in the ones with christians?
Muslims I need advise?
In Love With New Pope !!?
Don't you think that the whole package of fallacies and pseudoscience used by christians can also ... ?
Most beautiful and/or mysterious colours or color combinations for dragons? Thanks very much!?
Ramadan - How to heal anxiety and depression the Islamic way?
Why do we not just start chilling, enjoying life and stop working so hard?
How are the Jewish and the Christian concepts of the ''messiah'' different?
What is my sexual orientation?
How do i mess with a jehova witness?
Is this the right way to confess to a friend?
Atheists, what do you think of theists who also want to preserve separation of church and state?
What topic can I preach abt tomorrow at church?
When to use progressive/infinitives in Spanish?
Atheists: Describe this to me, please?
What are the odds that this guy is the same age as me?
Do you believe fathers are optional?
How to get a better sense of who you are?
Which is best Religion??????
Are all Christians baptized by the holy spirit?
Atheists, was fruit designed for us to eat?
When the God killed fifty thousand people in First Samuel 6:19 was that a miracle?
Atheists,what do you use to fill that vacant spiritual spot, that previously held god, with?
What to do with a do with a delivery problem?
Seniors, some questions....What exactly is a soul mate and....?
Why do people believe in religion?
Why will God not take the temptation away?
What do you think a Trinitarian is?
I really liked you Americans and Canadian, thanks for everything, I'm going out, going back to yahoo BR?
What do you think of this translation and interpretation of John 1:1-3?
What Is A Rock.......?
atheist do you let your children grow up without god?
Are bad people in our life test from Allah?
You have a relationship with a person from another country?
did black people invent music?
How to say \I understand\ and \I don't understand\ in Egyptian Arabic?
Trinitarians teach that Jesus always has been?
Do christians just morph the words of the bible to fit their personal beliefs?
What do you think of Dr. Charles Stanley?
I dont know what to do. im stuck between two guys. help.?
What do you think it means to be free?
Yahoo! Answers What's Brazil is a mess as is Yahoo! Answers yours?
Could anybody help me with latin?
How to be a socialite without coming from a rich family?
Is Jesus the actual Mad Demiurge?
Why don't more people like trance?
What is BEST and WORST events that happened to you in your life so far?
why are you criticizing my writing in English? I am Brazilian?
Are there any people who use to Hate their life but now Loves their life, why?
Why are there so many misinterpretations of the bible?
why do people say that jewish people are rich?
Do porn stars really give a damn about who watches their videos?
Why is all of Lore so important to Humanity and this world.?
where can i learn native american language?
Are all these red neck reality shows racist toward?
should my mom go christmas shopping again?
I don't feel gay anymore?
Why is my partner mad I like guys too?
What’s your opinion O atheist on the Existence of God ? Evidence 16?
how do I talk to the staff of yahoo answers?
how do I talk to the staff of yahoo answers?
Christians I feel it necessary to make?
Could christianity HYPOTHETICALLY be bad for society?
What are all the known genders and sexualities?
Do you believe that this world depends too much on humanity's good graces?
Was Satan trained poorly by God?
missing page of the bible?
African Americans:do you consider Black Brazilian Americans,Black Haitian Americans,Black Dominican Americans?
I don't feel gay anymore.?
Does Islam religion allow to Muslim Women marry to Hindu religious or Non-Islamic person ??
Do you think the amount of immaturity in this section is due to lack of religion?
How should I feel about my Ex calling me fussing?
Only begotten son of God, does that mean he did not exist at one time?
Why is religion fading?
Why womens don't just shut up in church ?
How do I tell my parents I'm gender queer ?
What does the place we assume at a gathering have to do with our faith in God's reward?
Are Afro Cubans Black?
Japanese speaker can you help me understanding this sentence?
Are White Guys into Ethiopian Girls?
what are the different TYPES of FICTIONAL gods?
If there is a natural explanation of everything, what is the natural explantion of nature?
what are all the different types of gods?
Can relationships/marriages between Christians and agnostics/atheists work?
Why do some Christian churches preach against gays/lesbians/bisexual?
How did wedding parables generally symbolize God and his relationships with people?
Which parts of bible are to be taken literally and which parts are to be taken \Metaphorically\?
(10pnts)Is there a way to enjoy life?
what is the difference in gossip and sharing?
The castle is....GOD!?
[atheists] Haven't you seen the movie Children of the Corn?
Do you believe in miracles?
Fellow atheists, most christians would not give up their faith if it was proven unhealthy...?
Confused by grammar a little bit?
I am feeling embarrassed of putting a colored contact lens?
Can I pray for the Holy Spirit to be with the unbelievers?
Please answer! I will answer you?
How is this logical to religious people?
Switching g Religions?
Did You Ever Tell Anyone You're Sexuality?
How do I distance myself?
Does it bother any of you?
What is the type of porn that heterosexual woman like to watch?
Could someone who speaks Chinese please translate this?
Why straight guys are attracted to me?
If christianity could be proven unhealthy for society...?
Agnostics do you suppose you get more thumbs down from Christians or atheist?
What's a proof of God?
Christians, do you have STUDIED proof that backs up the bible?
What do boys don't understand about girls?
Who lives in the wooden house without basement, does what when you have hurricane?
English idioms help???????
Is there anything unreasonable about Buddhism?
When Pope Benedict defrocked 400 sexually abusive priests over two years, was it a coverup or a housecleaning?
What do you think this scripture teaches?
Why do you think Israel has been able to prosper while its Muslim neighbors live in poverty and anarchy?
How many sperms a man can produce in his life?
God created Adam and Eve. Cain killed Abel. Who was Cain's wife? Serious answers only, Please!!?
Lgbt & trans* summer/ easter camps 2014?
Have you heard about the nun who gave birth to a baby boy?
Who were the 'sons of God' who married 'daughters of men' in Genesis 6?
Why do the Christians wear masks in the Merchant of Venice?
Did Jesus teach Christians to promote a coercive welfare state, with its terrible disincentives to self-help?
Why do people claim that disasters are God's Wrath ?
What is Occum's Razor and how does it destroy God Hypothesis?
Can a white woman adapt to India and be happy there ?
I was sexually abused by my friend, help?
If I want to continue to live my life like Jesus, should I remain a virgin for the rest of my life ?
Since the Bible does not ban abortions, why do so many Christians think that abortions should be banned?
This question is for believers in Christ only: Will I go to Heaven?
If robin hood was real or tge 1 was set in the modern day , what do you think he would do ?
im about to read a book on Christianity for dummies, but what differs the Coptics from other Christians?
Christians, is it true that the doctrine of the rapture was invented in 1830?
k2\\ marijuana trip. has this ever happen to you?
Do you believe that anything is possible?
why did Jesus address the Pharisees?
Spiritually and religiously speaking, am I a good father?
If God made evil then Satan is part of God?
I need to find my faith in God again, help me how?
why cant christians respect our right not to believe in their particular god,without angry comments about hell?
Theists: What good reason do we have to assume that a God exists?
Atheists, what are those few things you appreciate about Christianity and/or Christian culture?
are canadians capable of feeling pain?
Why are people expecting more and more yet willing to give less?
If Satan was the serpent, who made it a \fallen world\?
What happened in the world of Religion and Spirituality while I was gone?
Why Can't Male and Female Students Share a Room?
I need theological demon names?
Is this correct in German?
Why do Christians always try to \demonize\ Satan?
does it make a christian feel more self righteous by starting a question with \spiritually speaking?
Does studying theology give you a better knowledge of God's word than the lay Christian?
My God, My God...Why has Yahoo's email service forsaken me?
Do religious believers really believe in God or are they just still searching for proof that God is real?
How do you say \what we do\ in German?
Spiritually speaking, do people have a problem with homosexuality in general, or just when guys do it?
ramadan--what will be?
Please translate this into Arabic for me?
Why do Canadians say sorry weird?
How come God always tells Christians exactly what they want to hear?
Have you ever tested yourself to see how low you will go?
Do gay guys prefer to hang out with girls?
In what way are Christians different from Atheists and Agnostics?
Low budget valentines day?
Atheists, would you really be willing to share a shower with a gay person in a i.e. lockerroom?
What would you do if you won 50 million dollars?
is coincidence or something more unexplainable?
Native English speakers, would you help me please?
Which of the muslim countries has a higher gdp than israel?
GCSE A/A* Advice? BEST ANSWER GETS 10 POINTS!?
Atheist, Does the universe have a beginning that requires a cause?
Without google, how many Jehovah's Witnesses worldwide would you guess there are?
Is Homosexuality Rare In Soaps?
ramadan.... what is a decent human being in ur view?
Ramadan: What do you think of this?
English dictionary what is your favorite?
Dream of Jesus bleeds?
Laying a table for a home cooked meal for my boyfriend?
Did gay marriage cause UK's recent floods?
Cultures: Why were these questions of mine deleted?
I think my boyfriend is gay?:(?
Is it okay to pray with cartoons on TV in background?
If White Christians knew that Christ was black, would they be less hateful towards blacks?
Do Atheists hope and care?
I can't belivw I just did something i regret it so much much I feel sick please help me!!?
Can anyone recommend a good fictional book with an Islam related theme?
Christians; why do you have faith in the absence of leprechauns?
Theists: What good reason do we have to assume that a God exists?
Where does this hair color stereotype being on region come from?
I was a lesbian before I got raped,how do I go on?
If you walked into a place where men where beating on drums and crying, what would you do?
English native speaker, help with questions?
why would jesus's message not resonate with everyone the same ,instead of having 50,000 +denominations?
Was there ever an Irish king or queen, far back in history?
Which sect, or denomination of Christianity is the correct one?
Why Muslims drink alcohol?
What are halal ways to joke?
would you date a senior with a disability who was homosexual and belonged to another culture?
What do you think God looks like?
Why Americans hate Islam?
What is the stupidist question you have ever been asked besides this question?
What do these symbols mean?
Do atheists love animals?
When will religion disappear?
Can someone tell me simply what all the trouble in Israel is about?
400 Catholic Priests, either quit....?
Why should I believe in the Bible when it is abundantly clear that I am far more intelligent and much better..?
Who were the queens full uncle and aunts on her fathers side?
Italy: a nun gives birth to a baby. What do you think about it?
Why do a lot of people who don't like religion come here and go on about religion, but when they...?
What does princess Michael of Kent do to earn a crust?
Does to be a gypsy mean that you con people or pickpocket?
In what ways do racism, homophobia, and myriad other prejudices further our advancement as human beings?
(Muslims Only ) Should I marry him?
Have you noticed that people who claim to have done extensive research, rarely have?
Ramadan what can I do to make a good Salat al -'isha in my room?
What ethnicity do I look like?
What do you say when an idiot asks you why do you wear the hijab?
Christians, if I decide to reject God?
Do girls like to use a Strap-on on a guy?
Vladimir Putin said gays are welcome at the Olympics as long as they stay away from children. What's...?
Is it Rude to Refuse a Teacher's Compliment?
whats the difference between your faith and a dead hooker?
The sheep's motivation is dealt with on page 372.?
Who here follows writings other than the bible?
What do you think of when you hear of these countries?
Did god planted fossil hominids (half-ape creatures) to make it look as if we evolved ?
Can you reasonably belong to ANY Christian church if you condemn \Man-made traditions and Dogma.\?
What nuns and priests were doing in Catholic monasteries? A lot of bones from newborns and fetuses?
Does the Bible say the Moon has its own light?
How do say \they look without seeing\ in Polish?
CURIOUS QUESTION: A name for a scorpion with a cobra's head for a tail?
TWO people study in a field so to WORK and pay TAXES one becomes a POLITICIAN and A MILLIONARE and the?
Help with a Arab horse Name translation?
What are some good bands or songs for a goth tomboy girl?
So the way the universe is dated through light speed has been proven wrong?
Honest truth about guys?
Are you not working on Martin Luther King day?
Why are some people so ignorant about Hinduism? And why do Arabs get so much credit for stuff Hindus invented?
What does a Golem originally look?
I think I am a man..?
Where will Paradise really be?
Feeling lost with being transgender?
why would protestants just continue spreading the same lies catholics told them?
How do I know what kind of person I am?
Is Mahabharata a flawed epic? 10 points?
Hindus, why do you LIE about the racial hierachy in India?
Why wasnt Islam heard before then?
why kali mata kept tongue outside?
Malala promotes education, but wears hijab?
Do Muslims know that Islam was invented?
Is Bigfoot the Nephilim mentioned in the Bible?
Were there others besides Adam and Eve whom G-d had created?
Is it ok to come out to my cousin as gay?
what proven good has God done ,that wasn't just promises or explanation's of other Natural processes?
WHen did the tradition of making a wish before blowing out birthday candles originate?
If God lives in time dilation, how would He know when someone violated the Sabbath ?
Is it rude that I am passing out a late Christmas Gift?
What can I do about him?
What are all of the first hand accounts on the existence of Jesus and the miracles he performed?
How to do blackmagic?
Is it sinful to have these kind of thoughts at 17?
Is it sinful to have these kind of thoughts at 17?
Is a gray hair a sign of wisdom?
liberals love Obama because he is not for and does not love and obey Israel (which bible intended us to)?
Why is the region so watched?
Who'd win a debate about physical existence and consciousness; Richard Dawkins or Siddhartha Buddha?
How to get closer to god ?
About Karkotak Rishi's mantra. Pls help if you know abt it.?
Christians: Do you justify Lot's actions?
Why do some people say the Bible is a book of fairy tales?
please help, does this make any sense at all?
Do babies have the tendencies to sin?
I want to come out to my cousin...?
Is it correct to say \I so much wanted to love you\?
what do you know about bbn(bible broadcasting network) radio?
what should i ask for my birthday?
Can God heal a person like that?
Why does Christianity teach we are sinful and need redemption?
God is Love and does not torture people in hell for eternity?
Can you convince a boyfriend that you're not going anywhere?
Learning hadiths have equal thawab as that of verses in Qur'an?
Is it true that there is a gene only the Jewish male carries and that it is proof positive that he is a Jew?
So I’m 90% my best friend is BI, how can I help him come out?
Christians, how sad do you and God feel about people rejecting Him?
Atheists, what is your opinion on SOCIALISM and COMMUNISM?
Atheists, how do you justify atheist scientists who experiment on animals?
Why people in the USA afraid saying \Merry Christmas\ will offend people of non-Christian religion?
Should I have celebrations with family all day Christmas Day or just int he evening?
What were the best and worst Christmas Gifts you ever got?
atheists: why do young children understand religion better than adults?
What kind of plans to people in the USA typically make for Christmas?
Why do consumer prices go up between Black Friday and Christmas?
What would be a good Christmas Gift that I could use and others could use?
Is it a good Christmas Tradition to use recipes from people who have died to remember them by?
What would be some good meals to make for Christmas?
Muslims, did you know there is NO such thing as \islamophobia\?
Why is the city opulent and powerful?
Woman Crush? I'm confused.?
Why do Christians follow St.Paul instead of Jesus?
Do you agree on rich people buying expensive and luxurious things?
My son served in Afghanistan and came back home safely, don't you think prayers from home protected him?
What does the bible say about bigfoot?
I am looking for friendship to learn to write and speak English?
Other than Jehovah's Witnesses, what are some unitarian churches?
Why is it not a good idea to meet people online?
How is Jesus not the son of God when John 14 6 says?
Do you feel persecuted for your sexual orientation?
How do you tell if someone approaching your door is a Jehovah's Witness?
Since God created sea creatures, why are there so many missing links in evolution hypotheses?
How can JW's honestly count service time for their empire when....?
90% OF THE WORLD HAVE READ ALL ABOUT THE MIRACLES THE PROPHET JESUS DID TO INFLUENCE PEOPLE,WHAT ABOUT ISLAM?
I think my mates a fag ?
what percentage of muslims ignore the hadiths because some of them are fake?
Could I ask you about English?
I'm 15 and really horny but don't know what to do?
what prayer is appropriate in this instance?
My landlord wanted me to leave he gave me 7 days to leave i couldnt i am disabled and living on social?
does the quran say this on any of its pages?
Will people know de identity of the two witnesses?
Why do they do this!?
LGBT: What do you think about this statement?
I need someone to translate \you belong with me\ into Portuguese?
Why are Aussie girls so cute?
Atheists, what is your opinion of Rand Paul?
Does the Bible do harm or good?
Do minorities who hold onto the belief of white being the Standard of Beauty for others also believe that?
Are churches all about control? Can Christianity be practiced without churches?
Is there any name used for girls that in english or other west languages means \sweatheart\?
Can a man turn into a gay because he didn't had sex with a woman ?
does muhammeds night journey come from a hadith?
Do you Know about 9 Navagrahas Names?
Why did Jws stop believing in hell?
The living Word of God on earth said \I am the way, the truth and the life\...?
Serious meditation question.?
Interested in Tamil Heritage?
Atheists, do you have any Christian friends?
How scientific developments were at odds with religious practices and agend as of the V. Age and post V.?
Name of this song islamic?
christians should we kill people for working on sunday?
Does religion make people religious slaves?
I love her but does she feel the same way?
How do I get an A in German, in my Leaving Cert Exam which is in 5 months.?
A black girl told me she's multiracial?
Atheists, do you admit that there are some Christians out there with higher IQ's than some atheists?
Is English a difficult language to learn?
Is Bokononism the most honest religion?
Is there anyone who can translate English to Tagalog?
atheists: how should one deal with 12 year olds who find religion silly?
Can you please translate these Japanese sentences to English?
you know how the quran claims to be clear?
Is the main problem of religion: it doesn't deal in facts?
Why are humans not physically strong like Gorllias?
Can you be a Christian and be against corporal punishment?
mediums/phycics are they real?
Christians, does it disgust some of you that Atheists don't care if there's a God?
What should be the success rate of one's prophecies in order to be considered a 'true prophet'?
What are the predictions of Nostradamus that have turned true?
Can you help me with English please?
Is spanking commanded by the Biblical God?
Why do people think the Catholic church is against homosexuals?
How should I respond to LGBT rights as a devout Muslim, without altering my faith or offending others?
can someone give me some ideas for presents for a disabled woman?
Is astral projection really possible?
Corporal Punishment and the Bible?
If God knows how the mind of a psychopathic killer works, why doesn't he make everyone else friendlier?
Why does god share some of the same twisted views as simple, desert dwelling primates?
Why is the moon moving away from the earth?
Help with English, small question?
To deny the reality of evolution in?
Ramadan, Can you name at least one Arab country that is not 3rd world and does not rely on oil?
Please explain this royal oxymoron?
Many religions claim to know the absolute truth. But without evidence, how do they distinguish between...?
Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry?
How can evolution deniers explain that 97% of the scientists in US accept evolution ?
How do I say 'it would be...' in french?
How do I become someone as great as Einstein?
I Need Creatures For My Story?
The Christians say Jesus was the messenger..the Muslims, Mohammad....?
What do i wear to a gay / lesbian club?
Science has several theories on the origins of life, why do none involve a god or gods?
why when a doctor does eye surgery to make some one see again god had something to do with it?
Am I being a narcist or are these people obsessed with me?
Is it inconsistent to accept biblical divine revelations but question modern day revelations?
Can any Christians help me?
I watch p0rn. How many of you girls do?
How do I become a grandma in like 90 years if I don't want to do naked things with ppl?
if god is all powerful why does he need anybody to worship him......why would he care what happens on earth.?
Why is there no book of God?
Why does Christianity seem to keep people in an angry state of mind?
Can I make love with an android?
why do i get this urge?
did she screw my job interview?
If someone tells you God spoke to them and gives you the ''revelation'' would you believe them?
is there a dress code for a hindu funeral?
Spiritually what is music that gives you an eargasm?
I'm not noticeably gay?
Can light and darkness?
If someone can convince himself that a Global Flood happened, how can that person ask evidence for ... ?
If Science was important how come we don't fund basic science research much?
Christians, is it sinful for me to exclude a certain racial group when thinking about marriage?
If God is not real but Science is, don't you think we would spend all money in Science instead?
Difference between english and french people?
why do australian men not ask girls out?
Does William Lane Craig just make up definitions to suit him?
isn't this one of many proofs of his equality.?
How to combine 2 kanji together?
Can someone please translate the names Kristen Willem Noah to Arabic?
Is religion just arrogance?
How can sport change the world?
Help with understanding the Christian faith?
Do you think qualified pilots know the difference between weather balloons and ufos?
Why are thongs seen as something sexual?
Why do Americans get angry when I tell them that their country is full of fatties?
I need some help with Japanese?
How do native North Americans from Canada and USA feel about east Indians from India?
why are there so many Atheist on yahoo?
What do you think about the signals of God? and do you agree with this thought?
Why is life cruel towards some people?
Jesus tells me I will be the greatest, but everybody else says I won't, whom should I believe?
What do you think of Russia banning \homosexual propaganda\?
Do you believe in God?From what country are you?
How do you send information to people in the afterlife?
Spiritually speaking how do you connect to your spiritual self ?
One of life's basics is that living without faith is not really living at all. This is an axiom.?
What is love? Do evolutionists have a theory?
How to say \Happy Anniversary\ in both Korean and Chinese ?
Atheists, if some house guests came over and gave you a bottle of bourbon, would you regift it, or consume it?
What exactly is \colonial mentality\?
I need help translating this from Chinese to English.?
Once you have lost faith in religion, is there a chance of regaining it?
Can you say that a person who claims to be a Christian but doesn't actually believe.....?
Which denominations teach or preach the creation story as being factual..?
What does it mean to \ serve God \?
Is Mahabharata a flawed epic? 10 points?
what do you call someone? (ghost)?
Benedict XVI defrocked nearly 400 priests in two years over claims of child abuse...?
why humiliation is not accepted in some cultures?
Ramadan-what will you do if your parents force you into marrying someone you dont like?
Why western(European) atheist hate Christianity even it helped a lot in making western world richer?
how do i say 'i was inspired by them' in french?
Do the Messianic Jews believe in circumcision?
Spiritually speaking: Have you often found you said more by saying less?
Is it true that Mexicans were considered white in the old days?
When was the last time you called upon the name of the Lord?
What is with all of those accusations that atheists have faith in science and evolution ?
is there a name for people like me?
where are the Christian trolls?
Question for Religion & Spirituality users between the ages of 13 and 15?
Why it seems that the evidence for god sits inside people's minds (personal experience), but he's ... ?
Atheists, what is your opinion on Mel Gibson?
how to translate \??????????????\?
Are you scared of death? Yes or No.?
Why we should stand in the end of concert?
Spiritually metaphorical: Have you ever been severed from the Force?
Since the USA is Babylon the \Harlot\ and were headed for invasion and destruction,what will you do?
Am I a gay or is this just a phase?
Correct Grammar: \It was the most infinitesimal spider I’d ever seen.\?
do japanese girls like white dudes?
Does your heart control you, your brain, or your spirit?
I want a list of mahapurush (great people) of sanskrit.?
How do I evangelize to this girl?
What do I do...? Will they ever accept me?
R&S: Why did GOD create evil? Why all the suffering of the EARTH?
thanks but I'm not trying to be a smooth talk?
How should I come out to my parents?
Why do people hate the word swag and people with it?
Why haven't Christians gone to heaven?
Spiritually sterilising, what happened to the headings reading Yahoo Canada?
Would a Pashtun Muslim protect his house guest with his life even if the guest is American and black?
How do you say Lady of the moon in Japanese?
Why do we need two Dakotas when Monsanto can just spray a hemisphere and feed the part of the world that?
Japanese translation help please?
Do you really think there will be any Christianity in the year 3000?
I think God a Stand over man?
What is the population of hell?
Atheists, when outspoken atheists, like Richard Dawkins, try to espouse atheism, what is ultimately their goal?
I don't want to be gay but I also don't want to have God.?
Will people know that the two prophets are the two witnesses of the Apocalypse 11?
Why can't I speak clear English?
Oh if everyone just loved everyone, lets say they did,?
If Science is important how come business people who use these ideas get more money than Scientists?
Was Judaism or paganism the dominant religion before Christianity?
Define Faith, I'd like to hear a Muslim's Perspective?
Have you noticed people wear clothes of limited colors only? not even all visible spectrum?
Why isn't Jesus coming back?
Xtians: would you adopt a child that you knew had been forcibly taken from its pagan parents...?
How come stealing is acceptable in many cultures?
Don't you agree that smart people are seen as uncool?
what do you think about an atheist Christmas album for Charity?
Is this a sign from...?
what are the ancient or myth battles that can be use to a fantasy/scifi story?
Gay virginity questions?
I'm Right?? If I'm Roman Catholic - US are American Catholics?, UK are Anglican Catholics, ...?..?
Atheists do you really consider all Christians to be mindless superstitious idiots?
Am I right or wrong? I feel bad for what I did :(?
Am I gay or is it just hormones from puberty?
If Jesus came back today, what would he say?
My next answer, should it be evil?
What turns people into religious extremists?
A few questions about Wicca?
Atheists. What about you always change your theories when us Catholics prove them wrong?
Is tanning self hate?
Is it weird that i wanna have sex with a gay guy ?
Do you think people wear blue jeans to protect their legs from being whipped BUT it makes it harder?
Atheists. What about the band KLF battles your illuminati?
What are some physical & personality traits of Italians ?
If you are alien and you landed on earth, would you wonder why humans all have blue legs?
Are there any modern day saints?
I defended myself and lost my job?
Help! God keeps telling me to iron my jeans but I already did?
On a scale of 1-10, how tired are you right now?
On a scale of 1-10, how tired are you right now?
Why did God cause the Siberian Traps to erupt at the end of the Permian...?
Should seniors take the chances they used to...?
Have you noticed almost all religions have hats?
What disappoints you the most about the 10 Commandments?
Do you think moral fabric of society will improve if people wore more hats?
Are the end times kind've like Final Fantasy? If you just add numbers onto the end they last forever?
Is this sinful? (Christian)?
What can I say to get a girl I like sexually aroused?
'The world is your oyster' but bible says not to eat shell fish? How to reconcile?
Ad images real or photoshopped?
Boyfriend gave up our relationship for God. How can I deal with this?
why do Jehovah witnesses say that jesus is a god?
Quran and blue pill why silent?
Is Australia a civilized country?
I like this girl who's a hardcore Christian, but I'm an Atheist? What do I do?
Does Criss Angel have all the powers Jesus had and more?
Where did Jesus exist before He was born to Virgin Mary ?
Why is it that God doesnt answer all prayers?
When a girl tackles another girl to the ground, it is counted as a girlfight?
What do we learn about God from Jesus?
Spiritually: do you think the fluoride in the water is working and is that....?
Should I tell my family my what my beliefs are?
Does God do much cardio?
Do I scare you Christians with my faith?
My new gf wants me to wear her bras and panties?
Did Mary after giving birth to Jesus as a Virgin have any more children with Joseph ? If so who were they?
Is the man is the best social gender or not?
If atheists gear up and really try their hardest, do you think they can be like God?
How do you pronounce the greek word for bicycle \????????\?
why dont Australian Aboriginals have an indigenous day or something instead of being insulted?
The current re-definition of \privilege\ is going through life without awareness right?
Atheists are you willing to prove that your are atheist by performing one small task?
What is the ultimate goal in meditation?
Religiously silly: Will the number of questions involving Pascal's Wager eventually reach critical mass?
my brother and his girl are having a baby, what kind of gift should i get?
is it unusual to have a gay monogamus relationship? (closed)?
If I told you that God wanted you to give me your liver, would you believe me?
What is your happiest day of the week?
Do White people think that Asian people are ugly?
Could somebody tell me what this means in Russian?
Who besides father, brothers, or uncles..?
Was my mom bullied at work?
What do you think of Vladimir Putin telling gay visitors to the Olympics to stay away from the children?
To small business owners, what would you do first IF....?
Seriously why are there so many jerks on here?
Did you know we are human and a soul ? What are your thoughts on this ?
why dont girls interest me?
still confused about my sexuality?
I don't know if this is a phase or what?
How many bibles do you need?
Should I be offended?
Can a zen moment be reached willingly?
Am i gay or bisexual or something else and why am i changing?
i am brahmin can i eat non veg????? in view of god?
What to do for my birthday???
how does it feel to turn 21 before everyone else in you're grade?
Do Americans have an accent?
Who created the God...?
What do Atheists think of the religious oppression that goes on in China?
Need help with Royals names?
At what time are shabbat services?
What Funny Things Have You Learned Because of an Ability to Understand a Foreign Language?
Atheists, if you call someone \delusional\, are they mistaken to regard it as an insult?
Do people who hate others have stronger or weak faith in Allah?
Multiple problems, please help?
Would it be bad to do this?
Natural born Greek speakers!?
Can you name some more code numbers?
Do Trinitarians believe they are born again just like the apostles?
Why do some theists say that atheists don't believe in god because they want to sin?
My mother in law was very active in church?
Can anybody assist with a stereotyping situation?
Why do some Catholic priests \bless\ bibles?
Is it hard to learn Finnish language?
Is this the word of God?
Why don't people in the ghetto wanna do better in life?
If Jesus decided to cancel his second coming would he notify us, or just keep us hanging?
Does religion help people to psychologically progress or keeps them in childish state of mind?
I'm looking for a Japanese name, can anyone help?
Smoking problem? Help please..?
What is it with Christians and marriage?
Do you think this kid is talking about me behind my back?
Odd for a seventeen-year-old?
What happened recently with gay marriage in the supreme court?
Am I too old to act cute?
Why do you always assume a bible verse has to be taken at face value?
As humans being, aren't we suppose to be evolving?
Is my boss just being friendly?
What should I do with this project mate?
Cultures Still Living in the Past?
Spiritually speaking: What if we are wrong about climate change?
Did it seem a little cold to you when Jesus said?
If it's good to drink Christ's blood in Communion is it good to eat pages from the Bible too?
Atheists did you know my mama found me in a field of watermelons ?
According to a symbolic reading of the Bible.. could God just be a metaphor?
does it mean I'm gay if everyone says I am or act like it?
I'm gay, need some decent advice. HELP!?
I'm gay, need some decent advice. HELP!?
Are Black Americans still African or are they Americans now?
Eating a bible as a spiritual experience? Anyone have experience to share?
Do Demons still exist? Why did they stop possessing people?
Why do we always seem to get the dumbest answers in the Religion and Politics forums?
why are there sooooo many different theories out there?!?!?
anyone sing satanically holy holy holy is the lord God almighty?
why are there sooooo many different theories out there?!?!?
You people that say God isn't all-knowing, maybe what you mean is, he isn't all-paying attention?
I have a quite a few questions.? Please, answer them all, they don't have to be in a specific order.?
Aren't Catholic Priests supposed to be people who are MOST trustworthy with children?
is my \gayness\ really that obvious?
You have learned that nothing bad really happens?
Why do Americans tolerate their healthcare system?
Why Is There No Evidence For Global Flood?
Can someone please give me info about demons and anything pertaining to the subject??(professional only please?
Does the Bible say Time will speed up?
why does this happen?
how do I do this mirror gazing?
How come Ronald Regan didn't support Martin Luther King holiday?
What does this sentence mean?
Which is your favorite gospel? Matthew, Mark, Luke, or John?
Why am I getting worst at talking?
Do you want to know where your taxpayer money is going to?
Xtians: would you adopt a child that you knew had been forcibly taken from its pagan parents...?
i never had a girlfriend and im 17?
After reading this verse, I sometimes wonder what the Holy Spirit looks like in us. What is His feeling?
How to know if you're Bisexual or Gay?
If God makes everything happen then....?
Is God against logic?
Ramadan: Are memories all that we can take we can with us?
What exactly do atheists want?
Do you think that mental aid could actually help a person in need?
How long would it take to read the bible in one sitting?
Bunnies carry their wine VERY carefully?
Does the Bible mention climate change and Global Warming?
Love this verse in the Holy Bible. What do you think?
Have I sinned against God that He won't forgive me?
How do I get out of this relationship?
How do I get out of this relationship?
If evolution is considered a myth, then doesn't that mean the same can be said about creationism?
How to I get out of this relationship?
What is God made out of? what is his chemical composition and is he matter and anti matter combined?
Will illegal dealing of marijuana in Colorado stay popular since it's cheaper than the legal kind there?
Why is evolution true?
Is God found at grass roots level?
Is Zeus still worshiped?
Help! My Justin Bieber Carboard cutout comes to life!?
Why do people care so much about Hitler's religion?
Have you been religiously abused?
Can anyone translate these Japanese Kanji into English?
When people are adamant on both sides of an issue, do you just sort of step back?
When people are adamant on both sides of an issue, do you just sort of step back?
What do Hindus believe?
What does kawaii in the sheets Senpai in the streets mean?
How can evolution be true when there is only 9 months inside stomachs for babies?
Why are anti-Catholic Christians so drawn to Fundmentalist Christianity?
Why am I being a racist?
I'd rather have Jesus than anything this world affords today.?
Why do we all hate muslims?
What do you think of this quotation in the bible?
where can i find movies that would usually be in english, in german?
Pagans, is there any rivalry between different pagan paths?
I need group costume ideas for morp!!!!!?
14 Confused About Sexuality?
I don't like clubbing,,,am I boring?
did i commit blasphemy against holy spirit?
How should I handle a situation where my Dr left me locked in the office?
When are fat people going to stop making excuses?
If God created the sun on the fourth day, how did four days pass, exactly?
Some Athiestas say Buddhists are Athiests too but why did Dalai ask for Veal?
How would you use french imperatives in a sentence?
If a very good Atheist can go to Heaven...?
Do you like dissussions on evolution?
I needed to transfer buses a few times? grammar help needed?
Is god planning on flooding the world again?
Did you know Gospel of Thomas was written before all the other gospels?
My fellow AAs: What is the difference between N!gga & N!gger?
what is the proper way for a gay guy to jack off?
I want everyone addressed. 1.Abortion in the 1st trimester ends the development of a fetus that can not be con?
Can someone please help me out?!?
In what culture do they put coins in birthday cakes?
WHAT should I do when Jehovah's witnesses come to my house ?
Creationists: Answer This Logically...?
Will I go to hell for having gay sex?
Believes in God acronym is 'BIG' while People who don't believe don't have nice acronym?
Muslims: Do you take the \kill Christians and Jews\ literally in the Quran?
Why does so much hate filled rhetoric come from the lips of so many Muslims?
How do I tell my friends that I am asexual?
how did you come out to your parents?
Do you think Christopher Columbus was a Christian or Catholic?
Is it too late to wish my brother a happy birthday?
Do you agree that \man has dominated man to his injury\?
Alabama (state)???????
How can you attribute words to Jesus when you have no witnesses? Oh, you say the disciples were witnesses?
I feel like I don't know how to kiss my boyfriend?
will earth be underwater?
Do you have a class choice?
Are there medications that cause you to lose most of your hair?
When it is Christmas do more people become religious then the rest of the year?
Jehovah’s Witnesses: Which holiday is the last objectionable to Jehovah?
Is America a Christian nation ?
Christians Explanation For Bible Babble?
atheists: could global warming be proof of gods existence?
Do Indian women date outside their race ?
How will the Muslim world advance above the west in the next few years?
Why is the moon moving away from the earth each year?
Isn't evolution just a belief?
what is the difference between the catholic church and the orthodox churches?
Gay Teenager: Is The Boy I Love Gay? - Would He Of He Done That If He Knew I Was !!!?
LGBT: Why do people have a sudden growing issue with Walt Disney?
How should I handle my fear of not being in the Christmas Spirit in December?
WHat kind of businesses are open in the USA on Christmas Day?
How long in advance should I start planning for Christmas?
How to get him to trust me?
What are some good short TV shows or movies I can play for Christmas?
kinky bi-male,into explicit IM chatting ?
How can I avoid spending too much money on my Christmas Shopping?
Was Jesus really a Martyr not a sacrifice for sins?
Why do sports players have to play on Christmas Eve and Day?
What are some of the sports games that are played on Christmas?
Would it be inappropriate to tell scary stories around the fireplace on Christmas?
How can I avoid wanting things to go perfect instead of just good this Christmas?
What would be a good Christmas gift that elderly relatives would enjoy?
Arabic christian girls?
What is the saddest thing that has ever happened to you?
Could someone help me with this spanish?
What are some case sof people having personal revalations with God in the modern times?
is it possible for a straight guy to ever like in in a sexual way?
Why Are People Trying To Stop Bullying?
I don't want to live the life society has made fore me?
Following along from another users question?
Does it automatically mean I hate my race because I married a white man?
What's in your R&S display case?
Help me (MUSLIM SISTERS ONLY)?
i don't know where im going in life just need some opinions Please help Please?
I lied and told my boyfriend I was a virgin, I'm actually the complete opposite..........?
Is psychomasochism natural part of Christianity?
Are ETs & UFOs real...?
I want my ex who dumped me to beg just so i can have the satisfaction of saying too late, why?
I want my ex who dumped me to beg just so i can have the satisfaction of saying too late, why?
Do kind humor and gentle wisdom nourish the irrigation system of a selfless heart?
R&S: Do you agree or disagree with the U.S. government’s actions during the Waco Siege?
Should YA eliminate the Religion and Spirituality category?
Christians: Should you tithe if you are in debt?
Could the Cult of the Supreme Being be revived?
Is 3 Weeks In Tenerife A Good Holiday?
Do many Christians still refer to left-handed persons as having \Satan's Paw\?
Vampires, demons and wizards living together, opinions?
How would I write \never fall, never fail, never forgive.\ In Latin?
What does it mean if someone says, \You are so lucky to have a guy like him.\?
Why and how does the dark make you see things that don't exist?
Richard Dawkins scared of William Lane Craig?
What are your most beautiful languages and why?
IM A MAN RIGHT BUT!! would the world be a better place if? say there was only 10% men in the world?
Music, do Religious and none Religious?
What are some achievements one can unlock in R&S?
Why is dispensational premillennialism so popular?
Lakota/Sioux. What is People of Wind Cave translated into these languages?
the peoples of England <G.Britain> do they love Princess Camila?
why do people hate it that i converted from judaism to islam and why hate new converts to islam,?
help me please!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!?
Will the catholic church one day support LGBT rights?
Want to have sex with aunt?
How long you think Yeezianity will last, and will Kayne be its first Pope?
Atheism am I really one of?
What causes arrogance?
Why does Australia have such low education standards?
Spirit & The Impatient: How do you handle this (see inside)?
Difference between bisexual and pansexual?
Sissy, guys would you support them, with help dressing female?
Christians, given the opportunity, what do we do to those who've hurt the ones we love?
Can anyone give me a list of Scientifically proven paranormal events?
men who go to jail back to back, do they subconsciously do this to feed their down low desires?
why do some biracials look more black than other biracials?
Can mm, can we have your liver then?
Why do \Christians\ pick and choose what they want to believe?
On second thoughts lets no go to?
Why do women hate it when men leave the toilet seat up?
I played on Y/A all day and didn't go to work, will that affect my ability to go to heaven?
Christianity Vs Buddhism?
Need opinions on the Jehovah's Witness belief that blood transfusions are bad?
lol,is it true that muhammad split the moon?
Do you think many Freemasons are Atheists?
Someone said Jews also pray towards kaaba?
So what did the Romans ever do for us?
Jehovah's Witnesses I will go back to the meetings if you can prove to me the Governing Body is anointed?
Atheists: What gives you the will to live?
Atheists would you allow some real believers (Not Christians) to lay their hands on you and pray for you?
What is the distinct difference between ????????????and??????????????
Real life Demon Hunting/Hunters?
What is the reason most asians are short?
christians are you aware that?
Christians, how would you react if your child decided to follow a different religion?
if there was a movie about the bible who would play god?
I don't understand what the big deal is?
Does Jesus forgive Homosexuality ?
would the bible be better with a talking avocado?
The Christian Dilemma?
What does it mean when a person says that something or someone sucks, blows, rocks or rules?
Was 'The Life of Brian' based on a true story ?
If there really is no God then why are there Atheists?
do you feel that you understand and accept your society?
Are there two different types of righteousness?
Who are the horniest ? americans or europeans?
Can I convert to Islam if I still question some aspects of it?
Can I convert to Islam if I still question some aspects of it?
Why do you think they killed, Jesus, apostles and christians back then?
is the bible the best science fiction novel ever?
Do you think it's strange to be a pro life liberal....................?
Does having a boyfriend who dresses up as a girl make me gay? (I am a girl)?
would you rather burn in hell or?
Can you explain this blatant error from the pages of your Quran?
uk based muslims just out of curiosity do u claim benefits?
What does this mean? (Korean)?
True or False: I need to accept Jesus Christ as my Lord and Saviour?
Is Satan the alternate personality of God?
Is it true that the Baha'i faith believe that the prophet Muhammad will be reincarnated as the Mahdi?
Am I Considered Mestizo?
Should children be allowed to say Merry Christmas in school?
If you're religious, do you practise your faith once a week or everyday? Why?
What is the most profound religious question that can be asked? What is the most profound spiritual one?
Which do you prefer? The Apocalypse of Peter or The Revelation of John?
Why do some atheists believe we are basically good?
Strange call from my grandfather?
spanish translation 10 points?
Is being bi a bad thing? Are lesbians less likey to date bi girls?
Is mexico really 9% white 30% native and 60% mixed?
Do you think it is okay to have babies with so many different people?
Will christians go to hell?
If i find transexuals and females attractivr but not fancy men.?
How do Christian parents get their children NOT to believe in evolution if they are going to public schools?
How do i stop looking at womens boobs?
What should i do for my gay boyfriend for valentines day?
Is this a sign that the end is near ?
How do you say 'Hey bloggers!' in French?
What kind of life could exist in a 15 Million years isolated lake under 4 KM of ice ?
Is having a skinny body really that attractive?
My boyfriend wants me to save for my own gift.?
What does 'GOOLS' mean?
Why did some blast Prime Minister Harper when he said he had never smoked marijuana, is it mandatory?
What is going on and who are they? what are psychics?
I'm going as p!nk for Halloween this year and need help with my costume!!!?
A question of sufferage.?
Does anybody know the Jewish and Muslim equivalent to the Bible verse :?
Is It Pathetic That No one Likes Me?
If you get baptized at a church does that mean you need to stay a member at that church?
If Sharia Law is so Divine, what happened in Syria and Iraq?
Would it make sense if an atheist says \oh my god\?
Cancer-ridden Muslimas, do they still wear the Hijab, cause they all bald, do they still need it?
My boyfriend has a reading disability?
Was Marduk the first monotheism god ?
Why shouldn't assisted suicide(euthanasia) be legal for those with terminal illnesses?
To say someone is a rat means?
What languages/dialects of Arabic should I learn for these countries I am going to?
if the whole world depend on u will u fight to death?
Japanese song lyrics help!!!!??
Do you get angry with this phrase ''You'd believe in Jesus. He gave his life for us''?
has the internet helped or hurt the elderly?
Do you get angry with this phrase ''You'd believe in Jesus. He gave his life for us''?
How do you only concentrate in hereafter and forget about useless topics?
Why did god give men nipples?
Do you get angry with this phrase ''You'd believe in Jesus. He gave his life for us''?
If the majority of the world was to turn gay..?
Did you know God's glory is revealed in nature?
feeling ashamed to be Scottish?
Why don't every muslim accept that music is forbidden? Who invented music initially?
My mom and dad are gay, but are they gay with one other?
Why haven't they called back when they said they would?
Spiritually speaking, where do you think you're going with it?
Has the existence of Aura been proved scientifically ?
Jehovah's Witnesses: When did your god contact your human rulers with this message?
ENG; 'to use words symbolically'?
Why do girls look at guys way differently every time the word 'model' or 'famous' comes up?
3 SIMPLE QUESTIONS, YOUR SIMPLE ANSWERS: What would you do?
Did black people like Lucky Luciano?
What demographic should the media exploit next?
non Muslims, are you aware of?
Spanish and French GCSE?
[Japanese] Can you explain why you would use ? (wa/ha) here?
Is Atheist SWIM actually an atheist?
Crush help! What to do to get over her.?
Why do most people get everything and others always fail in life and have bad experiences?
i let myself down today with my composure, can anyone help?
Girls i need help i wanna make this girls day i need ideas!!?
Translation to Japanese?
EMBARRASSING MOMENT!!!?
Why cant evolutions explain why no fossil has ever been found of any living thing to this day.?
Are there women who also like watching porn like some men do?
Why are there so few female Atheists than male Atheists?
Christian quote meaning?
What would it be like if Christians didn't try to convince people that they should be \saved\?
Do you refuse to accept creationism and evolution?
skin color cosplay issue!?
Hi can you explain this to me?
If you saw humankind de-evolving, what would you build that would last that spoke to the future?
Why does it say I'm caucasian when I am clearly black?
Spiritually musical: What do you think of gongs?
What exactly is a hispanic for my sis btw?
Is it okay to contact dswd about mendicants and beggars and bring them to their office?
How can evolution deniers explain this ?
YEC, does earth mean people or planet?
Does mankind periodically de-evolve?
If the earth is 6000 years old, who were the Anunaki ?
If you find out that death is not the end, will you be disappointed or delighted?
LGBT: Why do people have such an issue with Pornography?
What do you think there is after death?
Term Paper on Religion HELP?
Can Anyone Translate This Into Spanish?
How do I confront someone who has vandalized my stuff?
Many from Abraham were cursed. What chance does someone have who isn't from Abraham?
How long does it take to learn Italian?
In Heaven, is there timeless time and spaceless space?
Brainstorming romantic inexpensive surprises for my love... Ideas?
My friend just told me theres no such thing as gays?
Can i be a christian but still belive the world is much older than 6000 years?
Can anyone translate this please.....(\\ /) ( . .)? c(”)(”)?
Why does God like it when people go through trials and sufferings?
How to not be awkward in this situation?
Do you believe in the supernatural?
Is Rosetta Stone a good option for continued learning if you are already an intermediate speaker?
Would anyone care to wish me a Happy 60th Birthday?
Do you believe we should reopen auschwitz for freemasons?
breaking down of god?
How can I get this guy to stop talking to me? :/?
Is it fair that canadians pay the royal family money?
What do you think about fascinating documentaries like this ? Keep in mind it contains evolution.?
What do you think of this Hijab survey?
Why do people feel if you believe in God you can't believe in science?
What's wrong with the 'dead people'?
how do i communicate with a roommate that speaks little english?
Can anyone tell me some websites to speak in British accent?
please will you pray for me?
Why Did God Create Humans?
Is karma mentioned in the bible?
How much would it cost to get a sperm donor, use my egg, and have my gf carry the baby? (Lesbians)?
How do you know that it does not take faith to be an Atheist?
Can you help me with English please?
Whats a jehovah witness?
Have you gone to the new day event before?
What is the secret behind?
Why do trolls troll people?
What are american schools like?
Attitudes of religious believers towards the efforts being made to save planet earth?
Isn't portugese abit like Spanish?
Hey please translate the following text for me.?
What is metrosexual and what is not metrosexual?
Did you know the people who compiled the bible had nothing against books outside the bible?
\Ban the teaching of creationism in science lessons\ says UK TV scientist. What do you think?
Albert einstein believed there was a god.?
My P.O. asks, Did you enjoy the holiday's? - so I said, \I don't celebrate that Pagan stuff\?
What Career could I do?
If There is a time to be born and a time to die .... Then Why do people who commit suicide will go to Hell?
What is the point of life if there is a heaven?
10 points? I am transgendered I need to change my brain or my body?
If I do not know the answer to this question, how can I speak of spiritual things?
help me english speakers?
What is the meaning of the sentence :\ he means well\?
In your opinion, what makes an Atheist attend churches, temples and mosques?
Is the JLPT hard..........?
What are some effective ways to stop door to door preachers from bothering you?
what do you do if your teacher won't let you use your bible on a report about jesus?
How began the Universe?
What is it, to have a \spiritual body\?
How do i know if im lesbian or ?
EASY JAPANESE HELP!??!?
Looking for a forum to discuss various paganism, wicca etc? 10pts?
need english name.i hav a female friend named Yit Jing.?
What other things have to happen, before Jesus returns...?
I like a Muslim boy? I'm a Christian?
Can anyone briefly explain the history of English Language?
why do you think you are going to heaven and not hell?
What should I do? Please help?
Spiritually rationalizing: Is dehumanization a major step on the road to atrocity?
What does indomable mean in english?
wait.... condom bl0wjob?
Can someone translate this Persian painting?
What are some good reasons to get married?
What does it mean ? I need your help?
What do Christians think of Judaism?
guys what do you like when getting a blowjob?
Attitudes of religious believers towards the efforts being made to save planet earth?
How well do you know your god?
Atheists: is this where you are coming from when you sneer, \show me evidence\?
Which man do you respect and admire more? Paul Revere? or Edward Snowden??
Have you ever read the book \I don't have enough faith to be an atheist\?
Give me an idea for a valentines gift pleeeease?
Spanish question, me gusta and te amo?
Why are Humans the only species on earth to worship God?
Jew or Christian or Muslims wre good?
Did jesus have atheists in mind when he said the following?
What do you make of Matthew 19:12 and eunuchs in the Bible in general?
Do I have the rights to be angry?
Why does the christian god have feelings like a human?
what different languages can understand each other?
Why did god create such delicious animals to eat but filled them with cholesterol and fat?
is it still stealing?
How should I start talking To the girl I fancy at school ?
Does religion provide morality or pervert man's natural moral compass?
Why are stupid people hated so much?
Is Galician (Galego) mutually intelligible with Spanish and Portuguese?
what womens think about male hairy chest?
What if every culture & society have own prophets? Including Girls, but too shy?
Why don most people have to be better than the next?
If God created everything...?
Why are us, uk and israel helping and funding syrian rebels?
Should I get my ex a bday gift?
Is there any difference between impatience and intolerance? If there is, what is it?
Paying for background check to volunteer.?
Do You Have Envy or Jealousy TowardsThe Rich?
Can someone clearly explain seppaku to me, please?
Why islamic women wear uniform and men grow beard?
Islamically speaking - is it suicide when you're careless on purpose, and is it haram even if you dont die?
Grendel and his mother are descendants of Cain. why are they Characterized in this way?
What do religious people believe?
how much does conservative right wing media play a role in anti-gay rhetoric?
Is there any music artist besides Selena Gomez that was banned from Russia?
Why are some people so rude these days?
Heyy.. plz some one help... plz do these english translation into malayalam...?
Golden moth symbolism?
What’s your opinion O atheist on the Existence of God ? Evidence 15?
Where should I tattoo a Celtic protection knot?
Who is Gloria Polo? I hear her name a lot of times?
Where should I tattoo a Celtic protection knot?
Question for Freemasons ONLY regarding Operation Tiberius?
Will the Abraham religions ever admit thet there god is a Sumerian god ?
Is it insulting to alot of Taiwanese if people say they are chinese?
what does feline meow mean???
Did Atheists know it is God that has handed them over to Satan to be inprisioned by him.?
Has your fathers house have any mansions?
Can anyone translate some english sentence to chinese? please i need it urgent for my assignment?
if a doctor gives you a prostate exam will he not go to heaven?
Why is the Baptism of the Holy Spirit so controversial and misunderstood by many Christians?
What is the most inspiring song ever recorded?
Who Is the Prophet muhaamed?
Girls: Why did you had an abortion?
Senior Citizens, what is it that drew you to your significant other? Do you know why your SO was drawn to U?
What does ????????? mean in Japanese?
More disasters are coming America, for it is God that sends them, even all storms. will you be ready.?
Will the talking points in the debate between theists and atheists be the same 100 years from now?
Why is it important to speak second language?
Swedish: what's the difference between \endast\ and \enbart\?
Islamically Speaking What Should You Do..?
why did Jesus adress the Pharisees?
What are the signs of morally good woman? (everyone answer)?
Do you think Islam talks most about sex?
What is involved in truly “knowing” God?
Confused :/ Helpppppp!!?
What is the best way to talk to my boyfriend about this subject?
why do SOME people put culture above islam?
Why do so many Christians believe in that fraud Benny Hinn?
What would be considered a mortal sin?
do atheists want to finally see the list of proof that a man named jesus lived then?
Oh America, Saith God, Your time is at hand and is up. will you survive all that god has coming for you.?
Spiritually speaking, will humanity ever get their collective head out of their collective rear?
why do americans think they're perfect?
Why do a lot of Christians have no sense of humor about their religion?
Whats the secret of life?
Guyz please please answer this !!!!?
Would you leave a note or?
Sumerian priest Abraham worshipped the deity Marduk, why did the religions that followed Abraham change Marduk?
Is it obvious that I'm gay...?
How can gods chosen elect others to join to heaven?
What %age of evangelical Christians believe it's a sin to make a promise and then willfully go back on it?
What are 2 bible stories that deal with Confirmation?
Muslim women would you ever?
I think I might be Transexual, but I like the opposite gender, is that possible?
Native English speakers who are good at grammar, could you help me, please?
Don't you just hate when someone says: nothing is wrong with islam it's muslims who commit the crimes?
How to write my name in Farsi?
Are celebrity Scientologists annoying or a real threat to our society?
what was the primary purpose of the parable?
America Christians how do you feel about Jesus's...?
MY FREIND WANTS TO HAVE SEX WITH ME!!!!!!?
i feel good when i reject others, but cannot manage when others do it to my?
Is the phenomenon of evolution denial happening due to an inability to grasp the concept of millions of years?
what does envía foto de tu cola plis mean in spanish?
How is this sentencing fair? How would you have sentenced him?
My friend wants to be thin like Victoria Justice! What should I do?
What did the man mean by saying this?
how can some people grow to be all about themselves? its insane where do they come from?
why do some people take the bible literally to their convenience? it states women?
Is Wikipedia slow today?
Is Gods real name Marduk ?
Christians: Do you have nourishing fellowship with other Christians?
Can I Wear Skinny Jeans With Long Shirts/Dresses In Islam?
Can someone sneak a law to mandate the teaching of evolution as alternative to the bible in the church ?
If you had a choice on religion wud you 1.have one global religion 2.continue to allow diversity or..?
Christians: Do you think your faith would be able to survive while being under a spell or hypnotized?
Information needed on Church Communities U.K.?
Is it bad karma to give up?
Looking for a charity to donate toys?
Do you believe in freedom of religion?
How do mormons reconcile Satan's attempt to be God/a god with their belief that humans can become gods?
Guyz please end this ! ?
I am in love with my heterosexual male best friend?
As Abraham was a Sumerian priest are all the Abraham religions worshipping a Sumerian god ?
Why is Religion &Spirituality so Popular?
Have a word that i don't understand,somebody help to got it what singer is saying?
Could you check my writing Please. Thanks for help?
What is the French for a \spot of bother\?
In Norse mythology, what was the riddle that were Odin's last words to Baldur?
Christians, do you agree, or do you disagree, with the following statement?
Would you rather your child be a Christian murderer or an atheist who is an MD for Doctors with Borders?
What cult or religion does the Abraham god like the most (if it exists ) ?
lesbian porn isn't giving me an erection?
Can a relationship between a theist and an atheist work?
Where does free-will enter into God's plan for us?
If good is relative, then is it only *relatively* good that atheists are going to hell?
why is Gnosticism so wrong to Christians? hear me out?
what are Methodist how do they worship?
when is your birthday?
Am i gay or bisexual or something else?
It's not really about yardwork, is it?
Okay I have a question, for women?
What is this symbol called?
What's so horrible about being a receptionist?
how do i politely explain to Thomas that im not a fan of racist tweets?
Christians, what do you think about this?
Philanthropy- Who are the best at it? Religious or Non-religious people?
So is bacon a test or something?
What is the origin of Slender Man?
I think I'm falling for my best friend, who is a girl?
Is safi realy helpfull?????????
Please translate from Punjabi to English?
Atheists/Agnostics, how many of you would like to commit Deicide?
Can you be racist against a white person?
have i lost recpect for myself forever?
Hi Good Morning World...?
How long do you think it will be untill humans produce non humans?
Taking wife and girlfriend out to dinner and karaoke, what should I get them to make them both feel special?
Ramadan: Is it true you shouldn't give people shoes as a present?
Catholics do you believe others are Omniscient as God?
Ramadan-Girls are your parents forcing you to marry young and soon?
I need help!! What does this mean?
What's the difference between porn & real life sex?
In Britain, do you get penalised for cracking jokes about the queen?
Why are Christians against same-sex marriage?
Catholics where in Scripture does it state?
If evolution had no evidence would it be more believeable to Creationists?
Theists, what makes you think God wants to hear from you?
Can you help me with English please?
Christians, does God have a sense of humour?
Atheists: If you died and went to heaven and God said you got to come in if you kneel before him..?
Spanish Translation- Simple Brief Into??? Please Help!!?
Catholics why do you believe Mary is your mediator?
Straight man who can tell when another guy is good looking?
How are there so many christians that don't know anything about the bible?
What is your definition of humility and humbleness?
How much does the bible cost in Canada?
am I too kinky? I'm a 18 year old male if that helps?
Explanation needed please?
Can you list some of the many aspects that the Word of God is to a believer in Christ?
Can you list some of the many aspects that the Word of God is to a believer in Christ?
Is it sin to believe humans were present on earth before the creation of Adam & Eve?
Atheists who learn a second language: Why even bother? God will just create more?
What makes atheists so bigoted?
Can i learn English for 4 years?
I'm guy and I like girls, but I fantasize some guys sexually, does it mean I'm bisexual?
Why is Evolution so important to Atheists?
What does it mean if i dreamt about seeing my crush in church ? PLEASE RESPOND BACK?
How many mosques are in the uk?
Are muslim women allowed to go to school?
Catholics do you know if you are saved or not?
Our Lord Jesus, cleansing us by the washing of the water in the Word day by day?
What were the names of each of the pigs Jesus put demons into?
Right so is my mum irish or english. im confused?
Listening comprehension problems. Will you help?
Hosanna in the bible?
Catholics why do you believe in good works?
Gifts for valentines day and a birthday?
some lady wants me to go to her house?
Catholics why exactly do you believe in Purgatory?
What does \Haciendo Escante\ mean?
Why is it called British English rather than English?
Why do Christians expect other people to follow the Bible 100%?
Why do muslims give themselves the right to preach in Europe and Western but forbid Christians?
Christians: How could God regret having created humans (when he then decided to do the flood)?
How does YHWH looks like? Does anyone have his photo or any sketch for proof?
CHRISTIANS! Why does God give us children?
If Jesus loved other men does that make him gay?
I'm turning 17 in March , any party idea?
is it okay to invite strangers on cross-country adventures?
Do you think christianity as a whole is healthy for society, or unhealthy for society?
Relationship advice.?
Is it hocd or am I gay or just overthinking?
How many Bibles do you own?
Be a muslim without the burka?
Why do you think we Protestants love the Bible?
Atheists, do you have faith in Bitcoin?
Does this girl like me or just being friendly, i have a little crush on her.?
Do you believe that God killed a man because he practiced a form of birth control?
Should I close my webpage just because of what she says?
While all aliens get premo virgin every knight, will you be pulling me through your eyeball in your basement?
Will members of the Jehovah's Witnesses be able to plea bargain for the right to enter heaven?
Question for married Christians...what is the point of sex?
Need help answer plsss?
I wonder if everything could ever feel this real forever? If anything could ever be this good again?
How can you be a non practicing atheist if you do not practice your non religion?
What do you think fellowship is?
Ramadan: Have you ever drank Pakistani tea?
Is it gay if I had sex with another straight man?
opinions on the movie: The Last Temtation of Christ.?
Spiritually speaking, what do you think of Orthodoxwiki's article on atheism?
Socially speaking, do you find this song racist?
Is a Mexican person more likely to stay with a cheater if he's white than if he is Mexican?
Why do you think we Jehovah's Witnesses love the bible?
Atheists do you practice Orthodox Atheism or New Age Atheism?
I'm at uni, I work part time, I get drunk every weekend, I'm broke ... is this what life is about?
Is worship only for the purely good?
Ramadan: Can I wear jeans & T-shirt?
why is it acceptable to say \boys will be boys\?
ramadan if EVERYONE agreed there was one mistake in the quran could we throw it away because its a fraud?
Can you check if this paragraph is correct, please?
Can anyone translate this chinese to english?
Christians: Do you have nourishing fellowship with other Christians?
Why can't people believe that space is made for?
Question for Christians: What do you do in your devotion time?
i know allah can't lie but?
Why do some British people blame everything on immigrants?
What makes the perfect girl?
What do you think of this verse in psalms?
Why do people drink coffee, alcohol, or smoke?
what are you going to coutery?
Why do people lie about Catholic Priests?
What are you waiting for?
What is the difference between General Atheism and Hindu Atheism?
What is the TRUE meaning behind this hand sign? Is it Pagan?
Chinese Translation Help Please!?
Which book do you treat as the absolute unchangeable unquestionable truth?
i honestly dont know what to do...?
how to say 'i HAD a headache' in japanese?
My list of legends. Do you agree with my list?
Why do Muslims persecute Baha'is?
I'm athiest but don't support the devil.?
Devout Christians? Can you clarify this.?
Devout Christians? Can you clarify this.?
Which version of bible is good for somebody is not good in English ? what is nkjv how its different from kjv ?
Christians: Do you think your faith would be able to survive while being under a spell or hypnotized?
Native English speakers who are good at English, could you help me, please?
Did God reveal himself to me?
What is the original race of Satan and that of Jesus?
If I have 7 oranges in one hand and 5 in the other, how am I holding this many oranges?
Heb_10:23 Let us hold fast the profession of our faith without wavering; (for he is faithful that promised;)?
does the quran say mus lims are better than every one else?
I think my boyfriend is bisexual?
What's the best present to give a guy on valentine's day?
are soul mates really real?
Why do people spread lies about the Catholic Church?
How is India recognized and instantly remembered by others in the world ?
Christians: if God asked you to kill your own son would you do it?
Trouble with Forceful Asian Parents (It's an essay :3)?
Why do jehovah witnesses stay at that church when every prediction they have had was wrong?
French verb ending pronunciation.?
difference between fucking in men and women?
Refused to give my manager the real reason for me calling out what should I say?
Why is Atheism here.?
How to deal with racist people?
Are we meant to be happy in our lives?
What religions say eating meat is wrong?
Dating a guy who's cheated on his previous boyfriends?
Is this correct? not a native speaker?
What to do to a bigger boy than me?
What Do you think about Christian Zionists?
Are those of us in highrises closer to Our Lord?
What do you think shall we do to defend ourselves from threats like this?
I think my brother's gay?
Nobody finds it questionable when one guy walks up on a mountain and comes back with \the rules\?
What religions are sponsored by MI 5 ?
How do you know what happened millions or even billlions of years ago if you was not there to observe it?
could you ruin somones life and not go to hellif..?
Christians. I am interested.....?
Can Religion and Science ever get along?
Im still kinda new at this. Do pagans believe in eating meat?
Can a necklace with someone's ashes be worn while on a commercial plane?
Should i just not decide? Christian free will?
Japanese Sentence Help?!?
What are the benefits of forgiving?
Regarding Job: it's been said that God was proving Job's faith to Satan, but?
How many Hindu gods can you name please folks?
what the meaning when someone calls you a \CAB DRIVER''?
Is this English correct?
Do you want to share your stories with strangers?
German phrases and common sentences?
Could you ruin someone's life if they did incest?
Spritually speaking, does this comedy sketch illustrate the importance of humbility?
Why hasn't God always hidden?
Why is Friday soo important to muslims?
Is \Law Of Attraction\ fake?
Religious opposition to science and technology?
Why would a guy act nice one minute then mean the next?
Do we have the Right to discriminate?
Why did God feel the need to test Job's faith? Since he's God, he should have known the outcome?
What does he say? Italian?
How do you ask someone this?
Can we welcome others to the table if we can't welcome THE OTHER WITHIN US to the table - the?
Isn't it God's fault for making me atheist? He refuses to provide proof of his existence?
Do pagans believe in human or animal sacrifice?
Help! i think someone is trying to do voodoo on me!?
Assuming God exists (he doesn't), what makes you Christians think that he loves you guys the most?
How Can i say \my mother is the greatest in japanese\ and then separately say the same for my father?
How do I respond to this?
How can I satisfy my needs without disobeying God?
Do atheists ever sway from their Godless atheist dogma?
WHY DO RC PRNT A LOT OF UNTRUTHS WHEN I PROVE BY OLDEST OT AND NT IT IS NOT TRUE?
If Atheists are not highly emotional then why?
Lesbian Girlfriend Problems Please help me?
Why do Jews claim the earth is only 5,774 years old when the Genesis genealogies go back to at least 4000 BCE?
How to undertand that picture?
What personally drives you to succeed?
How can I learn to be happy with what I am?
Why do Christians seem to think that they should have the right to spread discrimination?
Why don't Theists understand this?
Are Atheist quite emotional people?
where can I find a Bible in Morocco -rabat-,sale-?
Opinions on Illuminati?
Why are so many theists lacking in common sense and basics logical sense?
Why people believe we will all find out wether or not there is life after death ?
Was He Insulting Me Or Not?
Why are some people afraid of death?
Do's and Don'ts when dating a serbian male?
Why do the religions give the impression that God is possessed by them?
Atheists, are there any religious songs you enjoy?
Shouldn't Islam be given more protection in the West so that it can flourish and grow more?
How to strengthen senior citizens and provide them strength?
Help on an english presentation?
Looking for sentimental gift ideas for a guy who is visiting my country, yet we are falling in love.?
Mike Tindall was present at the birth of his daughter, is this a first?
How to say \please give me a chance and you will not be disappointed.\in spanish?
I'm nervous for my appointment.Please help?
I have a 1 1/2 year old cavalier king charles, during the day he is out of his crate allowed to roam free, no?
I accept that alien scientists created all life on this planet, is that unreasonable?
Athiests v Christians: When should I schedule my dentist apt?
Do you leave a tip for the housekeepers at the hotel you stayed at before check out.?
I am losing interest in god and religion, what should i do?
Residents of R&s :What makes you come in this section?
How does this music make you feel uplifted and encouraged?
Atheism: High Suicide Rate? Do you think so?
Which deity do you think is the most physically attractive?
why does god use the humble and not the pride?
How can JWs and LDS continue to deny the deity of Jesus and yet claim to follow the Bible?
When will the earth really end?
Are people who remain single and childless less respected than those who settle down, marry, children?
Why do atheists try to shove their atheism down my throat?
Why do the newcomers think the prophet is a newcomer and want to debase the prophet?
someone spit on my locker?
Who will Zara Tindall have as godparent, will it all be kept in the Family or will it be friends?
Can you help me with English please?
Is Christ coming back to Israel in 2015?
Do you think Yahoo R and S is the most active section on Yahoo Answers?
What is the meaning of 'let off steam' in hindi?
why is it such a big deal that it snows on christmas?
why is it such a big deal that it snows on christmas?
English questions thanks?
Charity slideshow song suggestion?
What did Albert Einstein mean?
Do you think \Martin Luther King\ Day should be changed to \George Zimmerman\ Day?
For some people burping is gross while farting can be tolerable. Would you have the same opinion about it?
After Jesus was created to not be able to read or preach to the Chinese, what did God make him do next?
English questions on sentences?
atheists: why do many christians insult atheists?
Zara Tyndall's baby girl, any bets on the name?
Is Starved children stealing deserves death?
Our Brain, Reality, and the Universe are just a Hologram? Do you believe that?
healthy or unhealthy comparison?
Going to Chicago for Valentines Day.?
Are the Catholics/Romans/Romulus/Remus descendants of the Court of the Gentiles (Jewish) or one of the Tribes?
Do you consider someone an American if they weren't born in the US, but moved there as a baby?
why was i brought to this earth?
Is Romanian the Oldest language and is Romania the first Cradl of Civiliztion?
Well god forgive me know ,,,,,,,,, ,,,,,,,,,,,,,, ................... .................... ...................?
Lesbians have babies, does that mean they are virgin mothers?
Does society hate lesbians as much as they do gay men?
When you think back on all the crap you learned in church is it a wonder that you can think at all?
Peace Corps Rejection?
How do you say this number in Words?
Can God make a onesided-triangle?
Questions on 2 sentences (English)?
Was Jesus mentally ill?
which of the disciples speaks many languages?
What if Genesis 18:21 actually Anunnaki aliens from moon? Then God say I will go down and see?
Why do some deny that Einstein became more religious near the end of his life?
Could someone please explain to me why this question was deleted?
Why do komodo dragons deserve to be rescued by humans?
Can this be one of the signs of a truly saved person?
If all behaviour is learned, what does that say for the atheist creed of -No one tells me how to run my life!?
Is calling the names of allah or god while having sex immoral and sin?
Do the people on here spend so much time in this section that they forget what sarcasm is?
Have you ever considered the possibility that God is a hypocrite, though it is a sin to do so?
Could someone practise speaking English with me?
I made terrible mistakes, what can I do to repent?
How do you know that your religion is the right one?
Christians only question?
Do you know about Navagraha Homams?
In God’s design, is there any ethical problem with anonymous sperm donations to lesbians?
English grammar,which is correct?
Religious picture good description of how religious leaders have destroyed the message of love from God?
i want to revert to islam? traditions?
How did your Dog welcome you home after serving in conflict.?
Isn't it disgusting how Protestants say that only Jesus has to carry the cross?
Could God lift a rock while he's standing on top of it? Would he just float up into the sky awkwardly?
Why can't English speaking people pronounce Arabic names correctly?
What should i supposed to do to make a muslim virgin to love me?
Sites for making Asian friends?
I love wearing sarees in daily life and wear really pretty sarees. Is wearing a saree acceptable in the US?
Does anyone know what an aerolaine is, in terms of white magic?
Is God timeless? Is he timeless all the time? Even on the 7th day?
What should I get my 20 year old boyfriend for his birthday?
Why didn't God kill the devil?
Am I straight? (As in gender)?
Why would you blame the internet for someone being atheist?
My life is terrible, what can i do?
I gave cash gift and I went home before the party even started!?
In this modern scientific world, is it reasonable to believe in creation?
Earlier, a person asked the following question...?
i am light skinned and i attract all types of women why is this?
Native English Speakers. Which of these sentences is correct English? Any suggestions?
What does \eye-watering\ mean in the following sentence?
I forgot to take my HRT this morning :(?
What is the tagalog of the word \lame\?
If you were to pick a thing where you KNOW there can only be one outcome...?
Muslims: What is your favorite part about Sharia Law?
Can you help me with English please?
Do you think \Martin Luther King\ Day should be changed to \Trayvon Martin\ Day?
I dont understand why homosexual people choose to be bible believers?
Why are Christians and Muslims killing each other in C.A.R. And how can the violence be stopped?
How do i confess my sins to God in prayer?
What is Difference Between Bereavement Cards and Sympathy Cards?
Ghosts and Broken Mirror?
what tears of redemption mean??
There's a really creepy creepy girl that sits at my table...?
Where would I buy fake snow for Christmas?
Latin speakers please?
Does Christmas really mean \Christ's Mass\?
Is the NT verse Hebrews 1:8 a BIG BLASPHEMY?
WHY DOES MY GIRLFRIEND MAKES TO MUCH NOISE WHEN WE ARE HAVING SEX TO MUCH?
Could it be said atheism is the constant quest for god?
How can I celebrate the good Christmas I had this year without analyzing the down parts?
What kinds of places will have some of the best Christmas Light shows?
Why is it so Christmas-Like to have snow \dreaming of a White Christmas\?
Kanye West vs God, who wins?
Is it normal to start Christmas shopping before the Thanksgiving Weekend Rush?
How much more crowded are malls at Christmas then other times of the year?
What are the best Christmas movies to watch?
I gave my straight friend a blowjob?
So did the God have only one option open to him when designing a human race?
Athiests do you think Heaven might be a Riemann manifold? Then all would make sense?
Has there been any recorded vampire-like deaths?
Why do muslims have an 'us against the world' mentality?
What is the name Dosia . Dotsia for a girl?
i'am so large!! or my boyfreind has small one ?
Countries where the native language is redundant ?
Is indoctrinating children with strange religious beliefs and cultural habits child abuse ?
Atheists if I can't see your brain does that mean it isn't real?
Catholics, when Saint Peter come to Rome ?
When it comes to proving a god, isn't a one with best morals the god most likely to exist?
Ramadan: Why Dr. Iqbal a visionary and seer prayed for making the young leaders of old?
God isn't real. I proved it!?
Why does Islam oppose having boy-friends and girl-friends?
Some atheists really are ignorant?
Everything my friend does annoys me help!!?
Agnostic- previous Christian still speaks in tongues. What is this?
Was i born with an ability?
can i call muslim haters antimuslims and religious bigots and crazy and ignorant?
How to deal with annoying people?
why do people act so wierd when i tell them my father is jew,mother is christian and i converted to islam?
Should LGBT people know how to defend themselves?
Can you teach me some of the most used particles in korean?
Why did Einstein refuse to accept evolution?
Doesn't it stand to reason that humans' morality largely depends on which god they believe in?
is there anyone without any sin? except Jesus Christ who was a god?
Is this a good analogy for explaining why people might choose to believe in God?
Why can't we survive from the fat in our bodies like Camels?
What should I do about this?
from girly girl to tomboy in middle school!?!?
Vietnamese or Chinese surname that means \dark\ or \black\?
I'm really different from other girls. Is it normal or...?
Valentines day! pls help?
What is it that Buddhists believe?
atheists: what sort of wedding would you like to have?
Do you say film or movie?
Lesbians do you prefer shy girls or confident ones?
13 and know nothing 'bout my religion..Am I the only one?
where can i find international gay pen pals?
Does Astrology Defy The Bible?
A Filipina Christian woman and an Indian Muslim man, will it ever work?
Do Humans need to be loved to have a happy life?
What will you do if your rapture doesn't happen?
How do you say in Japanese \I dumped my boyfriend\?
EVERYONE,PLEASE HELP ME.How Can I...?
can someone translate this to me? is it indian?
Do you agree with Richard Dawkins, that something has complex an being as God...?
How would you deal with people who manipulate others?
Why theres no none nothing at all help for some one like me been every where cryn looking for months?
How do you prove you love Jesus?
How to say this \stop thinking same thing is going to happen like before\ in Japanese?
Did you find Al Pacino attractive in the film City Hall?
Creative bdsm/dominant/sub related things lesbians can do?
Whats the difference between atheism and theism?....answer...HOPE?
Kind people, I need your help. Do these sentences in English sound natural to you?
Is atheism the worst decision you ever made and now you don't know how to get out of it?
Can you guys write this sentence in english correctly? A big thanks.?
Dear Christiastians, Are There Any True Prophets These Days?
Should I say something or just figure God made a tiny mistake and keep my mouth shut?
Can you find any grammatical mistakes in these questions?
Please answer my stupid question, I'm just being indecisive?
is it bad if you don't go far in life?
Do you Hate evolution?
Can you name any religious beliefs that should be challenged? Like.......?
Do you Hate evolution?
Beaches you can have sex on?
atheists: do you agree that religious schools are less likely to have bullies?
What is it that Muslims believe?
How does a religion begin?
Christians, do you support your fellow Christians in Africa killing Muslims in their hospital beds?
I want to be famous SO BAD?
Have people been indoctrinated to accept evolution?
why indian are happy and proud that their country has been tag as \The Rape Capital of the World\?
is it good if you don't care what other people think of u?
what is the best way to describe who hates muslims?
There have been some new thoughts about Jesus's existence...?
Did the real world destroy your youthful idealism?
Why does america copys canadas culthure?
name for banquet hall required?
can some JAPANESE native speaker help me to translate?
You want to know what's the most disturbing thing about this place?
What's the Japanese word for \World's Flower\ (in the English alphabet form)?
I can't say my r's right. Can anyone help me?
what does ?????? mean?
What does the text here say?
I think I may be gay?
What did Jesus mean when He said \their worm dieth not\?
What does a New World Order mean exactly?
R & S, what do you do when you see ''You cannot view this question at this time''?
Freewill doesn't exist? *Must Read*?
boys masturbating help?
Please awnser my drug releated questions?
please translate this english!!?
What language has the most slang?
I feel spiritually broken. How can I repair myself?
If God visits earth, will He acknowledge His Own Church? What fate awaits the wrong churches and unbelievers?
Is it just me or is it normal?
Why does my family say they understand me and what im going through?
What should I do for my 5th year anniversary?
NON AUSTRALIANS ONLY: What would I mean if I said...?
Is everyone from the south a hick?
God told people to murder people all the time, why wouldn't he still?
Should the religion be section under \Mental health\?
Atheist females? Do you believe that Christian women are better at sexually pleasing their partners?
are girl more atracted to masculine men or feminine men?
UN pedophilia inquiry: Why is the Catholic Church *STILL* shielding priests and protecting itself?
i love her so much but she always told me that she is muslim and i m hindu ...what should i do.?
How to learn Spanish Online?
fluent Swedish speakers - explain a few mins of video please?
how to summon spirit guides?
what's the role of the moderate muslims when they are accusing of ignorance of islam chariya.?
hi, what does this say in Hebrew?
Is penis size a deal breaker for gay men?
Is homophobia rooted with religion?
boys masturbating tips?
Help with choosing a gift?
Some have said that Jesus has actually Michael, but did you know some say Muhammad was Gabriel?
Can somebody help me in english?
What if all Gods is real? And God not racist?
Does anyone know if Bitcoins can be used in Heaven? Or Hell? Can St. Peter be bribed with Bitcoins?
Girls: would you date this guy?
Is Jesus speaking to me??
Im trying so hard to recover?
what does this say in hebrew?
What should I do if he just wants to be friends?
Can the Angel Gabriel or Mohamed and their book the Quran be a case for Plagiarism?
Is Judas the true hero of Christianity?
Why is it OK to say that Christian lobby groups...?
is piracy stealing or a sin? only Christians please?
How did Jesus avoid being stoned when he dishonoured his mother and father by abandoning them for 3 days?
In Christianity, does Jesus play the role of the daemon?
Ramadan: What do you think about \ Pakistan- a dream gone sour\ by top bureaucrat Roedad Khan?
What's the difference?
If you love a girl, will you beg her to come back despite her threatens to break up with you all the time?
Why don't people like me?
Valentine Dorm Room??
Bazaar window circles. What are they? Today I found two bazar perfect circles in my window.?
Are circuis midgets and evil as garden gnomes?
Is $1,000,000.00 for the WORD asking too much?
Anyway to negotiate with a dealer to bring down the price so I can finance it?
Do Indians still hate Sikhs?
Sarcasm, exemplify it?
Why did God design Adam to be lonely, but not give him Eve straight away?
If god told you to do something, would you?
Atheists agree that there are indeed morals in this life, so where do atheists think morals come from?
Boys puberty help!??!?!?
Do you think I am transgendered?
Born gay or became gay...?
Name 2 unconditionally non-offensive pieces?
are there atheists who dont believe in the big bang and evolution?
What is so bad about being an?
Ramadan: When Muslims will be able to take good care of ageing parents?
Why did some races stop writing & wearing clothes?
meaning of \(sic)\?
How did god create people if dinosaurs were first?
How much money does \God\ have?
Who decided that Jesus was literally the son of God and Mary?
Can somebody translate this sentence from egyptian ?
Odds of being born again? Religious views are welcome.?
Can someone please help me translate some thing to japanese without using an online translator?
Uncomfortable with my wife going on outings with another guy, was I being paranoid?
please suggest me some gifts for student of 9th 10th standard?
is god upset with me?
Where can i do community service?
If you cant see God? How you judge false or real God?
Spanish grammar check?
What if you believe in science not god?
Religiously silly: Does having dogs in your home make the Holy Spirit leave?
Nobody reads descriptions.?
What's are the major differences between my true loving God and your false god?
male homosexuals, which do you prefer the most?
Christians think that the universe needs a creator, but then why Jehovah, or any other god we've heard of?
christians, what is your opinion on bisexuals and transsexuals?
Ramadanians, Any Buddhist Mantra that can protect an Infidel from Jihadi Terrorists?
How can I stop my family from being harmed or cursed? (witchcraft)?
Question about New Atheists and religious fundamentalist......................?
Let's all say something uplifting?
I like having some body hair or even a beard but I HATE being called a gay bear :(?
Should I give this person money?
I want to be attractive to every gay guy out there so I constantly changing my appearance?
do you have to take mtf hormone pills your whole life?
Is my grammar correct?
Is it wrong to reject someone because of this?
Is body hair or facial hair a turn off to gay guys?
Do guys find hair on a guy hot?
Is it ok to not be in a frat?
Is there any way to stop my porn addiction?
Does smiling at gay guys lead them on?
What are atheists doing in the religion section.?
Is it more acceptable to be transgender in Japan?
Why is this Girl mean to me and makes fun of me in a nice way?
Do Christian guys go get...?
Can Dead people be bought to life?
How can I become verbally fluent in Spanish & other romance languages?
Is it ever right to steal?
African-Americans: Are you ashamed or embarrassed at all to eat fried chicken or watermelon in a public area?
Do you think it is sinful to unneccesarily cause an animal to live a sad life & an die an excruciating death?
Did you know every utensil that you must use when you're eating?
Do you believe wet dreams are a sin?
I have accepted Jesus Christ as my savior. What should I do?
Why don't the muslims leave the Jews alone?
What does the bible say about lust?
What is findom and how can i get involved?
valentines day helppppp?
what would someone have to do to see the dead?
To be or not to be, that is the question?
Joyce Meyer is a fraud who believes The Lord told her to stop thinking for herself?
My fish just died.. is he going to Heaven..?
Apparently we think we are 5x better looking in the mirror than we actually are?
Is anyone else offended that Trayvon Martin's death is being compared to MLK Jr's?
\GOD\ Life makes no sense with a god? But to me makes even less sense without out?
At business meetings, why do the men do all the talking?
Is it true if your ring finger is longer than your index finger your a lesbian?
My dad brought a car but I have to go pick it up at a dealership AND IT IS STICK SHIFT?
How to say people in Spanish?
men would you date a girl who is?
Why do guys watch porn?
Suppose, just suppose, that JWs have, as they claim, the one true religion. Isn't it worth looking into?
Islam, muslim. Who is iblis and dajjal?
Help my boyfriend cheated on me what do i do?
If someone believes you deserve eternal damnation?
What is an Entertainment for a Religious or a Spiritual person?
Can anyone tell me what does this Japanese phrase mean in English or Chinese please: ??????????????????
Can You Light a Menorah If It Is Not Hanukkah?
lord shiva in dreams?
I need help with my homewor...Please!?
Some awesome ways to ask out a lesbian?
Is it Blood- or Spiritual- when Jesus says, \Do not come with offering to the Altar.....?
Can i wear the Muslim moon and star necklace even though I'm a Christian?
christians would you consider anything that is against the law in your country is a sin ?
Will this rich woman's life in Heaven be much better than her life on Earth?
i need to tell a girl something nice in spanish but i dont know what to say?
Why boys 16-17 usually wears color briefs?
Why didn't Honey Badger eat everything on the Ark?
Poll: is smuggling drugs and robbing bank a sin?
Once again: Who are these \Atheists\?
Was this girl being rude to me at our friends' wedding?
How do you find gay/bisexual people in high school?
Why are girls so mean?
Will i get Karma to get back to me?
Can you pray the straight away?
What do you make of this verse from the Gospel of Thomas?
My friend thinks I'm a lesbian!?
Do you think that disabled people should get priority in getting hired for jobs?
How can you praise a God you think has a subterranean torture chamber holding billions of humans?
&#&#&# PUNJABI: Please translate?
Wouldn't you say this is where the lie about a burning hell came from?
Can someone please translate the Chinese words in this tattoo?
why do people go to prison?
Punjabi word for \friend\?
Is it possible to pray the hate away?
Random silly question?
Which Christian leader do you think is more popular on the global scene.................?
Atheists: are you a convert or were you raised an atheist?
While mirror gazing, are the faces of spirits we see real or are they imaginary?
What's a list of things that some Christian fundamentalists believe leads to demon possession?
Are those who believe in Atheism basically just Anti-Christians... and nothing more...?
I am attracted by my cousin?wht to do?
Trojan War? Your opinion?
How to actually leave the LDS church?
What should I do for my future ?
What should I do for my future ?
Native English speakers, could you help me? I'm giving 5 stars?
How fast is the Christian Identity Movement growing in the US?
where do girls with penis's get there penis from?
Are teenagers really lazy? Who agrees with me?
Athiests isn't science fundamentally flawed in having space itself as quantum fluctuations?
Homosexuals: When was the last time you hugged a heterosexual Christian and told them God loves them too?
Gender rules when it comes to adjectives in Spanish?
What is the meaning of \(Pot) Paid out\ in a hotel bill?
Ramadanians, does the Nigerian homophobic bill, set this country back about 50yrs socially?
Spiritually chanting: Have you ever ?ed the night away?
What should I say to an employee named Eric who works with me, in my fathers business, After he said?
Any of you guys hang around Mythology and Folklore?
my social status is technically like a posh tramp! at least its a real status?
why are atheists jerks to people and their religious beliefs?
I want to cry because I am confused about god.?
What is with atheists and their lack of understanding?
Can I give my best friend chocolate on valentines day?
Is my best friend gay?
How is it racist to call of someone racist?
what is a columbian thug called?
Athiest sincere question, how can you live without knowing the fundamental unified(?) law of the Universe?
God put me through 20 near death accidents. What for?
Are you on a spiritual quest?
Native English speakers who are good at English, could you help me, please?
Athiests if classical nor quantum thermodynamics apply to Hell nor Heaven, how do you prove their non-existenc?
Is child sex abuse in Catholic church so rampant that the U.N. needs to take action?
So i still want my ex friends girlfriend?
What types of jewels are made humanly?
Native English speakers who are good at English, could you help me, please?
Why do ppl (mostly christians and atheists) feel the need to try to convert others?
A world of racism. Advice help?
Sunni Muslim art, music, and dance?
Have you ever wondered if you and your?
Athiests how would you reconcile non-deterministic universe from quantum field theory with that of gravity?
Is my mother really a whore?
Why do people think Sandy Hook was a hoax?
What is this in German?
all of the girls in my school are coming out of the closet!!!.?
How can I change parent's mind about homosexuality?
Do you think that self-reproducing photosynthetic life arose inexplicably and spontaneously?
Please HELP.. I need to buy my boyfriend a present???
Is the concept of abandonment of Religion?
Bible says about opening boxes?
Who is ready to learn about Jesus tonight?
Why should taxpayers have to pay for extended royals?
Why does American Media hate Russians?
And in my dreams you're alive and you're crying.?
Am I sinning if i go to a jewish church for a bar mitzvah?
have Any one heard of thé Seven Sisters?
Is this a good depiction of Jesus?
Is tying of beard allowed in Sikhism?
I need relationship advice!!?
what does \ishe prishli fotku\ mean?
Difference between \no\ \to\ \ni\ and \e\ in Japanese. 5 points!?
Is it rude to not move aside after you order something in a fast food restaurant?
is my pendant lucky or not?
You claim to know all about God hating sin and how you shouldn't do it, but can you name all the sins?
Should I break up with my bf?
Friends don't let friends worship that one god?
Are the ideas of others what draw our attention to what's lacking in our own perception?
What exactly do I need hope for?
Gay friend wants me to sleep over....?
whats it called when youre a weak christian?
Why do all catholics have so many wives?
proper care of miniature laughing buddha?
Fundies: I think the Devil Went Down to Georgia embodies Christianity much better than lame country gospel?
What angels do you pray to for a miracle?
If one of your children told you?
How to hate being biracial?
How to work/volunteer for an animal shelter?
Why do you choose to be atheist?
How many of you Christians believe that men walked with the Dinosaurs?
Is it true Communists have small penises?
Where do you go to get answers to the tough spiritual questions?
Sisters...please respond if you have ever experienced this?
Can the reaction to the recent gay marriage rulings be an indication of why religion is in decline in the US?
Confusion of my race?
How do psychics fit in to our lives? what do you think about them? Are they evil or good?Or what?
Job/Careers Problems?
really,are there a lesbian girls in this world?
What to get my boyfriend for Valentines Day?
why do some believe 'jesus existed' as far back as the dinosaurs?
Are the veil of perception, and perception itself, two pieces of the same whole?
What are the strongest influences on your personal spirituality?
would you rather buy a new apple computer or windows or just the new gaming system?
I am confident that God loves homosexuality.?
Did you know there are people who still believe the earth is flat?
What do you think of space exploration?
70 other God's? Not just Yahweh?
Christian help plz! I have an eating disorder!! Need advice! Thanks?
What does this mean in Japanese? Beginner. 5 points!!?
Christians: if you HAD to would u rather convert to Islam, Hinduism, or become atheist?
My best friend/biggest crush from HS just came out to me in college... I'm gay. What do I do?
Poll what's is you penis size?
So there's this girl?
Who is right here, just curious?
Was Helen of Troy real?
How to know if a guy is gay/bi and likes me?
Im not saying all but what is it with those christians who dont respect other ppls freedom of religion?
Why do we make such a big deal about African-Americans?
Should I change my religious status on Facebook?
Help, what should i do? My house is on fire.?
Athiests do you know who gave Patent to Toblerone Chocolate? Einstein?
So I got asked to do sound for a morning service at moms church?
Athiests?? I have a question for you?
Do you think this girl is bi?
Don't ya just love it when you go to the shops and there's plenty of eye candy to look at?
Does anyone have gods cell number?
Bible Trivia: Jesus did not write a book of the Bible, but two of His brothers did. Who were they?
English Sentence Meaning Help?
Atheist which religion would you choose? Please read carefully.?
I feel bad whenever i see peoples (the Gentiles) speaking against my saviour Jesus Christ. Why?
Why do I get treated in this manner?
Which method is better for learning a language?
Which method is better for learning a language?
What are your thoughts on space expiration?
how can I tell if a ring is real or not?
1. According to Buddhism,that is the problem for humans (dilemma, flaw etc.) and the cause of this problem?
Question for atheists?
How can I let a girl know i like them?
Christians, am I TOO selfish?
How do you say in French : what makes humans human/what makes a human human?
What do you think of this guy's video?
Has your spirit lost none of its potency?
What do you think of this?
Was the 1947 roswell incident a hoax?
Is cladogram proof of evolution?
How do you view Iranians (Persians)?
Atheists: if you had to pick a religion to belong to which would you pick?
What was the story of the Navajo Code Talkers?
I'm bi but I told everyone I was gay?
What is something seemingly crazy God has asked you do to do?
I can't remember a name of a yaoi?
My gf related to helen of sparta?
Is it weird I want to convert to Catholcism?
Why do I get treated like I'm 13?
How do you deal with lunar gryllidae?
what should i get my13/14 year old boyfriend for valentines day?
Spending my birthday alone...?
Why you feel so funky tonight?
Why do i see people making low income have high dollar clothes or accesories?
Spanish translation please?
Religion: What do you think of Astronomy?
What would a Confucian Jew believe?
I accept gay people and follow god?
why do i have such a hard time making asian friends?
How would you want to be invited to a party?
What do you know about Finland?
Question about intelligent design relating to SEX!?
Was this considered as a punch on the back for this girl?
Why do you doubt your senses?
what is the japanese word for kept?
Can anyone tell me about psychic abilities (intuition, clairvoyance,etc) or anything related?
How much has use of the English language increased over time?
What is the Karaite Jewish counterpart of a Jewish rabbi?
What is that crooked religious medallion some people put in their doorways mean?
Bible Trivia: Who is credited as being the first Christian martyr and how did he die? 10 points?
Is it an insult to non rural southerners when one calls them a redneck?
Would you watch a reality show called Baked Alaska?
Should I feel ashamed because I allowed Satan to stir fear within me today?
Does love come from sex, or does sex come from love?
How can I lose my accent?
Believers! I would like your opinion about whether you think this person is on the path towards hell?
Say a Jihadi encounters a Kafir and gives him the option of Shahada, but he is mute, what happens?
Jehovah's Witnesses, what will be the fate of organizations that stumbled little ones?
Ramadan: Can you live a happy life with just enough sustenance?
How come when something about god doesn't make sense...?
R&S: How to deal with Christian preaching to you?
Friend is acting weird?
A world of racism. Advice help?
What does this sentence means?
Translate to Arabic please?
How does one ask a question in R&S that can exclude negative/unnecessary responses from atheists?
I can't get over \burger scientists.\ Will you start referring to everyone as an X scientist?
Gift ideas for my sister?
Is being transgendered a sin?
Is that God's voice ?
Why does the Jewish Kabbalah consider each human individual life a world?
Why was he feeling uncomfortable about telling me his dream?
Attractve boyish lesbians = players?
Whats a devoted sinner?
Is it a sin to watch horror movies?
am i ignorant for not knowing much on jeopardy?
Whats the difference between voodou and santeria?
How to deal with a religious teacher?
How can be sure that God is listening?
Please only answer this if you're American. I'm doing an experiment(sorta)?
Why do people like to mess with trans folks and otherwise bully us?
Is there a way to make me look feminine? I am a gay guy.?
Im so embarrassed of where I live!!!:/?
If Science is so important how come jobs for scientists isn't so plentiful in the USA?
what is an atheist??
Sociologists, do you think that high can be factor of dividing in a community?
Hw to control our ego of knowledge?plz ans?
Why does the upcoming generation of girls act sluty?
I Had A Dream This Girl I Know Kissed Me?
Have you ever considered changing your name?
Is religion oppressive? What about faith?
Explain why without the following obligatory acts during Hajj it is invalid?
Do you think the theory of evolution is corrosive to religion?
R&S: Who forgave GOD of his sins?
Do folks love \darkness\ because their deeds are evil?
Native English speakers who are good at English, could you help me, please?
Extra Curricular help!!! Please help!?
What to say if someone says that you're bitching? LONG BUT I NEED HELP?
Please only answer this if you're American. I'm doing an experiment(sorta)?
If physics is so important how come we don't have corner physicists?
What to say if someone says that you're bitching? LONG BUT I NEED HELP?
Do Iranian people speak Arabic?
Is this a stupid and rude question to ask someone?
I think my friend is figuring out I'm lesbian?
Embarresed to tell my friends i film?
If Science is more important than Religion how come people go to church weekly but never read Science weekly?
Does this girl really like me?
How come God didn't fill up the other planets in our solar system with lots of cool aliens and stuff?
what will come of Jesus's salvation?
Is religion believing in someone else's experience, and spirituality having your own?
On Google maps, how do I tag my business on the statue of liberty?
Ethically speaking, is there anything wrong with cannibalism if it takes place between consenting parties?
Where did the french southern accent/dialect originate from?
Why is it difficult for a lot of people to come out of the closet?
How would you refute this argument?
Anyone else concur with Anne Rices statement: I'm leaving Christianity, but sticking with Christ?
If I play Southern Gospel on the way to church on Sunday with my friends, will they like it?
was Alexander the great gay?
What is the purpose or benefit of love?
How say this\ why are you acting like this? what did i do.\ in Japanese?
Alexander the great homosexual?
Ramadan: Why property causes disputes among brothers & Sisters?
Are Arabs considered Mediterranean?
What do you know about the buddhist religion?
I heard that phd's in science make about as much as janitors? Is that true? Janitors $30K, PhD's $20K?
Spiritually speaking, is it about thinking inside or outside the box?
Lets see if any christian here knows anything about history shall we?
How do I act the same?
Coworker being condescending to me. What would you do?
What is illuminati and is it real?
What is the language of your clothing?
Secret Crush on lesbian at work?
what's a valentine dance like?
Does it hurts my dignity ??
How come you see weekly donations to Churches but no weekly donations to Scientists?
When in Rome do as the Romans do - should be always followed?
How will Mexican Chinese Art look like to you?
Does this girl dislike me or doesn't know I exist?
When in Rome do as the Romans do - should be always followed?
How will Mexican Chinese Art look like to you?
Does this girl dislike me or doesn't know I exist?
What is the best way to treat door-to-door God botherers?
How to switch minds with someone?
Are dolphins and whales mammals which fell off Noah's ark and evolved to ocean life?
Ramadan: What is wrong in the relationship?
Do humans have instinct?
Spanish help age question?
What kind of spells do you know?
How can one be so sure their religion is correct if they have not explored other's?
Christians, what would you do if your daughter got pregnant?
Gay Good Friend, and I like him and I am a girl?
Why are people so quick to think of blood as being death, rather than life?
Honor your parents, control?
Do Vampires really exists ??
Do you agree with St Augustine................?
what good deeds can i do ?
Does He like me, and hes gay?
Does anyone know some REAL magic spells?
JW's please explain me What this means to you?
Help with Japanese? Beginner. 5 points!!!!!!?
Why is believing in the Christian Trinity so important to Christianity? Serious question.?
How do I live my life as an atheist now?
How can I switch bodies with someone?
Does God punish California with wildfires?
How to have sex with a guy?
What do you think about this poem on religion?
Getting Erections From Men?
How does a lesbian know if a straight girl is hitting on them !?
Is It wrong to like your gay friend?
what can i do for Valentine's day?
How to stop fornication?
Will we get back together?
Christians , Is it possible to Will , \self will\ oneself to be born again into the kingdom of GOD.?
Which is correct, 'are to' or 'were to'?
whay does it seem like Chritisanity is based on other Christians getting others to look bad?
If Science is more important than Religion how come Religion gets more money?
Have you ever connected spiritually with another person?
Is it wise to say that \It's impossible to have all knowledge\?
Is it tacky to quote yourself?
why do atheist believe that there's no GOD when theres proof of them?
Why are christians scared of people asking questions?
A question for religious people which of the 4 classical elements best describes your religion ?
Christians: When you sneeze, is that as close to an orgasm you'll ever get before marriage?
Why is there no spaces between the urinals in some public restrooms?
Why can't i find a boyfriend is it because....?
Why Do Other People's Live Look Interesting?
Who would believe something without evidence?
Is it true that we need some imaginary or material as god for all our life?
I will become an atheist tonight if someone could answer me this question lol?
Hi is it possible to be gay if you had mostly crushes on girls in the past?
Does existing make a difference between being dead and not existing in the first place?
Mean I buy two Arab wives if I'm not a muslim?
Why do most \straight guys\ want to have sex with me?
Fools mock, but they shall mourn?
Christians, can Electric house meters be trusted?
Why did the Early Christian Church persecute Asceticism?
What if someone politely came to your door and told you to get all knowledge, please?
Is Google Translator being loopy again on this one?
Do \America the Great's\ inhabitants wierd you out with how blind they are?
I fantasize about shemales all the time, does that make me gay?
Why don't atheist (the greatest ironists of all) say that man is nothing rather than define...?
How much of this mountains of evidence for evolution have you really seen?
Are there any religions or types of people that are against drugs, and/or immunization and vaccination?
Yes or no: you have a flatscreen TV in your home?
HELP! Some guy is at my door yelling for me to open up. Claims hes a cop. Should i call 911?
Would you be willing to bear all knowledge in order to have all power?
Is it normal for a man to experience sexual desires for another man out of nowhere?
Spiritually speaking, why does red often get a bad rap?
please help me with my italian song?
Do you suppose God presents options in a way that influences choice, such as heredity and environment?
Why are people mean to Homosexuals?
Why do the Samoans call Jesus \the Big Boy\?
I hate to be born gay, I would normally like other Boy !?
Can I be a Catholic if I don't believe in God?
Premarital contract that the husband will not take a second wife while married with his first wife?
Christians would you take ridicule for your beliefs in Jesus Christ?
How to tell someone half way across the world about Jesus?!?
My parents went to a John Edwards show last night and?
What could I do for my 17th birthday?
Is saying Jesus (the f word) Christ a sin that camt be forgiven?
How can I teach my child two languages?
English to tengwar????????????
Evolution of the men of iron!?
Are these phrases metaphors?
Should I be resented by my parents for becoming an Atheist?
what do you think of schools allowin KIDS to use the restroom of their opposite sex cause their dressed as it?
which do you think will be most important to the outcome of odysseus conflict with the cyclops?
What do you think happens when you die?
Lazy older brothers? (muslim advice please)?
Why are women cowards?
translation question for someone who speaks Greek.?
If your god didn't want you to shake your booty, then why did he give you a booty to shake?
Mother reminded me that I once forgot to weed the yard. (It was last year). She wanted to know how she can?
what does the arabic phrase \mish hik-a\ mean?
What do you define EMO as? and would you call me emo?
Is it okay to be kind of scared of Arabian, Serbian and other people like that?
Can demons make you rich?
what does the old testament say about homosexuality and what does the new testament say about it?
what does being gay have to do with the way you walk and talk ?
Do you think God can draw somebody to you that is out of your league?
Shall We Know Each Other in Heaven? Christians Only!?
What do you know about the Jehovah's Witnesses?
Why don't i get male attention like every other girl?
Am i bisexual or just bicurious?
why are people hypocrites on assisted suicide?
What biblical justification exists for the Dark Ages and the Inquisition?
My girlfriends (Who is just a friend) boyfriend always embarrasses me?
If you did not have the evolution theory and the big bang theory, where would you think man came from?
My girlfriends (Who is just a friend) boyfriend always embarrasses me?
How does a man get an Arab Muslim wife if they are not allowed to date?
My girlfriends (Who is just a friend) boyfriend always embarrasses me?
The Best Way to Learn a New Language?
Muslims: How did shaitan get into paradise and trick adam and eve if he was banished from it?
History Debate: Indus VS Chinese Civilizations?
who would find a boy and girl identical twins?
Is Christianity's ability to adapt or to take on other beliefs its path to survive?
what is heaven like? what is known about it?
I'm gay but I like a girl?
Is Jesus a Muslim Prophet or Christian God?
Does anyone know of any websites where you can watch movies or TV shows in other languages?
Why do some much people believe in God and Adam & Eve ? Faith vs. Evidence?
Is Darwinism a Cult..?
What are you doing to benefit your spiritual health tonight?
Do girls watch lesbian porns?
how much time before you die?
CHRISTIANS: What can you say about people who drink alcohol and do drugs ?
I want to be the Pope?
Are children at your school racist?
Okay I recently came across the term introvert and I must admit that It resonates with me..but..?
What do I tell my dad about my homosexuality?
help, my mom is suppresing the memory of my coming out?
Is it okay to pass out early Christmas presents at Thanksgiving if I see people I won't see at Christmas?
Christians what is wrong with a Christian being hypnotised?
Where on-line can I get the best bargains for Christmas Shopping if I start early?
Going to a Celine Dion concert or root canal surgery?
What are the best Christmas Carols I can listen to that are soft rock carols?
Christians what is wrong with being a Freemason?
How can I avoid eating to much on Christmas and Thanksgiving?
Do you think God purposefully manifested seemingly 'implausible events' to be described in the Bible?
What kind of gift at Christmas could I get that children and adults can enjoy?
Is Euthanasia (Mercy Killing) Against Christianity?
Do Christians really believe man walked with dinosaurs?
How can I get presents for Christmas that people in the family will share?
Spiritually speaking, is the real trick to bring both \parts\ of your brain into balance?
what is your opinion about muslims , do they are really vilont ?
What role does alcohol play in a fraternity or sorority ?
Why did Christ say do not resist an evil man and forgive a man...?
Is the age of consent different for homosexuals?
Why do I like 'daddy' porn?
Djenne, Mali (10points)?
What is Pope John Paul II's saying in this video...? Hard to understand accent!?
Can somebody tell me some phrases in Dutch lile when your texting someone?
what would you guys say is truely living for God and not yourself?
Why do I find myself praying to my family members?
What is your honest opinion on people who have Middle Eastern/Muslim names?
What is your favourite mythical creature?
Difference with informal and formal in french!?
Can people get obsessed on Christmas where they are too much into the holiday?
How can I go about learning a new language as a past time?
One night i was praying and i saw water being poured upon my lips any thoughts?
What would be a Mandarin translation for these?
I think i may be bisexual but don't think i could be with a man? am i bi?
Do certain white people blow racism out of proportion?
is it hard to get into usf Tampa or fsu?
Native English speakers who are good at English, could you help me, please?
Poll: Jesus Christ or Allah ?
If you are about to die and you have one minute to spare, are you aware you are about to die?
I need help with witchcraft?
Which fresh ingredients do you like to keep handy in your refrigerator over Christmas?
is sign language the same in every language?
Native English speakers who are good at English, could you help me, please?
I think im bisexual but im not 100% sure?
Swedish Direct and Indirect Objects?
What happens spiritually when one dies?
Spiritually what is the Universal Consciousness?
What is the largest individual religion in the world?
What is the Christian opinion of Genetic engineering?
What if there really is a God and he has been misrepresented by evil men?
What does the bible teach about what times sex is moral and when it is not moral?
Prior to the Torah, what books did the Hebrews read that were of their faith?
How strange is it that most of the same people who would consider a single cell bacteria found on mars life...?
Another penis size / sex question... sorry people :(... Experienced ladies only please?
Do you thank those who give you the best answers all the time ?
Why is it that conservative christianity is so socially backwards while liberal christianity isn't ?
When a person tells you a lie, and you know it, do you let it slide, jump down his throat, or what?
My boyfriend just texted me something sweet but weird as well, what did he actually wanna say?
If you block everyone from answering your question, do you get any useful answer?
worried.. mark of the beast!?
Is there a symbol representing the yin and yang with a forwarding and backwarding S?
Why hasnt God healed me?
How do you overcome disgust and revolt that resulted from sadistic treatment?
Can Christians be described as having a reality perception disorder?
Do you think lies are a necessary part of society?
Are there any occasions when it is appropriate or necessary to gossip?
Have you read the KJB starting at page 1 and reading to page 1274 or did you cherry pick?
Where should my friends and I go for our graduation trip?
What ethnicity do I look like?
Will the world be in shock when Jesus Christ returns?
Does it make sense to be a bisexual Christian?
Spiritually Speaking: Someone Keeps Calling My House Claiming I've Called Them?
Blacks: Why is it hard 4 blacks to become rich in America?
What am I suppose to do? :s?
Dose the muslims believe in the Old Testament of the Holy Bible?
Relationship fortune readers?
Will Pope Francisco change the Catholic Church?
Why is nudity and cursing worse than violence for R ratings?
How is typical life for the average German teenager?
How do you teach Mormons and JW's the Bible?
Why did the Church of Rome burn Tyndale on the stake?
Best gift for a 21st birthday?
Is religion the greatest force for evil in the world?
Hey guys is this illuminati bs real?
Climate atheism is growing How will believers spread the Carbon message?
how long do helium balloons last?
How can I tell if I am transgender?
I like a guy, but he's Indian? What do I do?
Now that science can explain our mysteries for us?
Atheists why do u think top scientist stephen hawking converted to islam?
English to Latin translation?
Why are some people gullible enough to believe the earth is 6000 years old ?
Help with IRISH GIRLS!?
Is this true I read a Jew said they do not believe in Jesus if true who is it they do they believe in ?
What good is prayer if everyone around you has free will?
How is it even possible for two females to have sex?
What's in my future?
the mark of the beast?
Would an apparition of God solve the problem of atheist mistreatment toward Christians?
Ramadan: Gaining someones trust back?
Should I take another day off sick from work tomorrow?
What section of the library do they put the bible?
how can i use \judgement of solomon\ in a sentence?
Anyone wanna be my friend pretty please?
Would you say almost everything seems to be a violation here?
Now that most thinking theists (including the Pope) accept evolution... is Genesis going to be updated?
if you had a chance would u wanna meet the two witnesses?
Is it weird for a feminant lesbian to go to a dance with a guy?
Why is everyone on this site so religious?
If i was to still see Christ as the only path to salvation...?
Are christians not praying enough to help stop shootings?
What to do for my 19th birthday?
Housewarming gift ideas?
I need help for Valentine's day.?
When you hear \Luciferian,\ what do you think of?
Islam says the Holy Bible is true where it agrees with the Quran. Where can I get an Islam-edited bible?
Ramadan: What's wrong with talking to a guy (if you're a girl) about Islam?
Is it a turn on for boys when they can see our thong or g-string?
Atheism and Theism are tools of ignorance?
Fitbit help please!!?
What should I do in Japanese studies after learning the kana?
If life gets to the point where there is no hope, why carry on?
Ramadan: I get mad for getting angry fast?
How can I become more popular?
A straight pride purade?
since allah is omnipotent, does that mean he can do absolutely anything and everything. even the impossible?
Herot literally means, “Hall of the Hart.” Explain the symbolic importance of Grendel attacking Herot.?
Why being racist against Arabs and European Americans is accepted but not against Jews or African American?
What should I do on my 18th birthday?
Are the \Little Ones\ in the Apocalypse of Peter evil or good?
Is there a sexuality where you're only attracted to fictional characters or celebrities?
I want to marry, muslimah revert?
Do you believe in psychic readings? if so what do you think of this?
What would you say in this situation?
whats a good wig or clip on ponytail type extsion for amale to female crossdresser?
Would a Christian fear death more than an Atheist?
Exercise of english for Italy boy?
I'm 3/4 white, 1/4 black, but apparently I look Italian/Turkish?
Given that Jesus did not return by the year 2000, how can any Christian still believe in a young earth ?
Anyone know any good spanish poems?
Do you think a holocaust could happen in today's world?
My english is not that good yet so what do we call it when someone is the opposite of gay/lesbian?
Wiccans, are the gods and and goddesses beyond our full understanding?
Sexual Fetish - opinions please!!?
How do i send back an item bought from ebay through usps?
I will Never accept evolution, why do people have a problem with that?
If we appreciate the hope of everlasting life made possible by Jesus’ sacrifice, what will we do?
What are the teachings of Satanism?
My mom told me I would either turn into a fairy or witch when I turned 19?
Isn't it kinda common sense?
When will the scientific community take \creation science\ seriously?
How do you change a flawed system?
which is to be used, will or would?
Know of Any Good Latin to English Translation websites?
Has anyone had a history of mirroring the sleep patterns and mood of people that are not in their presence?
Will there ever be a Black James Bond?
Is this an appropriate gift for a teacher?
Why does the Bible record God being remorseful for creating mankind?
Can a family member become my payee?
Does a valve have to be removed before you enter hell?
Paul argued that……..?
Did Jesus have an alter ego?
How can I stop from getting?
Many believe hell to be hot or a fiery place so where did these expressions come from?
Will you tell me about Canadian Christmas traditions?
Is it lonely being an atheist?
why do i keep getting snubbed by the academy?
I want to learn the Patois (Jamaican) Language. Is That Weird?
How do you be a guardian of a person who disabled?
R&S: Are you comfortable with the idea that you will die one day?
Why don't people acknowledge the homosexual aspect of child molestation in the churches?
Why is the zero factual writings of?
Seniors, Why do young people ask so many questions about death and dying? Are we supposed to have the answers?
Was this worth getting fired over?
Should this section be combined with \Mythology & Folklore\?
Who and what is a Mothman ?
What was the relationship between Samuel the prophet and the Mosaic covenant? How did it affect his life?
Seniors, why do young people ask so many questions about death & dying here?
If god is all powerful, and jesus was beaten and then died on the cross...?
if god is real, then how come there is no physical evidence of his existence?
Is anybody else bummed out at the idea we probably have no afterlife?
Is it weird I like women like this?
Seniors, Are there any homeopathic remedies you use when unable to sleep?
Why aren't catholic and Latin speaking countries as developed as Germanic ones?
Christians: What if I am meant to be evil?
How do you feel about someone who...?
How can a Young Earth Creationist believe Jesus might not return for thousands of years ?
why do some gay men date and have sex with women?
Can Wiccans follow God (Jehovah).?
Any seniors have cataract surgery? How did it go? Was it very painful?
Is it weird I'm a pro-life atheist?
What is everyones age? please post if you see this.?
would you tickle me if I were your pet?
Christians, I am an atheist. Based on that one detail, what can you say about me?
Can you say ''To establish a currency''?
Describe the challenges that faced the early church as it formed itself into a community?
I whant to kill myself!!!please help me please?
is it true that gay men don't like sports and men who do are definately straight?
What to give your crush for valentines day?
What do I get my dad for his birthday?
What is the best way to learn a foreign language if I can't fit a class into my schedule?
Favouritte supernatural creature or fantasy or mythical being or creature ?
Why were large libraries so precious to ancient Islamic scholars? Another question will be in the details box.?
Would you like someone that...?
Good name for an encantado?
What do you think of Asian-Americans speaking out more against racism?
Why is there no salvation apart from Jesus Christ?
Ok ok ok ok last quessie of the err others?
Whats your favouritte mythical creature or god ?
Are bears usually totally gay or bi?
U dont really believe in a burning hell,do u ?
What are the names of some royals who wear eyeglasses in public?
Are bears usually over weight and unattractive?
Is it a fact or a theory that we evolved from ape?
Why don't atheists accept that some atheists don't accept evolution?
Does the religion section need a permenant F&Q section?
Christians. Simple question. If Christ was to die for the sins of the world then why did he tell some discip?
How do athiests deny God existing when all our laws are based on christian values?
10 pts!! How to say \The last game I attended was...\ in Spanish?
What can you not see, that you use all the time, cannot hold, yet, give it away everyday?
in what year did the first food guidance system into existence?
Ok ok ok so re my last three quessies what if?
Disability case being reviewed!?
What is an appropiate gift to buy for a conceited, selfish, greedy?
Why did the Abraham god make 3 religions ,was it for a laugh to watch them fight each other ?
Question for U.S. Atheists?
Why do some people engage in sexual beastiality?
Theists: Doesn't it make more sense when you consider the possibility that there is no god after all?
religion in England, then and now?
How to behave with close friends who are older than me?
What do you guys do about brown nosers?
Cute ways to ask your crush out on valentines day?
Why do people try force people to accept evolution?
Why do I find masculine girls attractive?
Why did the queen cluck her tongue?
If god is so greatttt then where was he when...?
Is it OK for God to sin?
Ok ok so re my last two quessies :)?
How do I respectfully say no to a coworker who is asking for money?
Who were the wealthiest royals of the 19th century?
If the Abrahamic deity is all-powerful?
Is it legal for a Casino to hire Native Americans and African Americans but not white people?
Is it legal for a Casino to hire Native Americans and African Americans but not white people?
Atheists if a situation like Pompei happen to you, in your final moments ,would you turn to God?
How do I tell my partner?
Best Larry Stylinson fan fiction?
Ok ok so re my other quessy what if?
Christians, What is the scripture of your life?
Does anyone know where to find Homer's Epic Poem online?
Are you Pro-Life or Pro-Choice, why?
Why the queen did not visit India?
i'm so insecure... i can't even look at myself?
Why do some Christians use religion as an exuse for not getting medical attention?
how did the religion hinduism begin?
why do the 16 year olds of today look like adults but the 16 years from the 90s look so young?
Why am I so hairy... ?
How do you pronounce word \datou\ in English?
URGENT JAPANESE HELP!?? 10 POINTS!!!?
What could you do in the afterlife?
Was God on leave during the Holocaust?
Christians: What do you think about superstitions, and astrology?
What language do the speak in Hell?
Atheists: Do you think that religions(even if wrong)gives meaning to life...?
Why do Russian men let their women?
Why do Spaniards speak with a lisp?
Book of Romans question?
What kind of figurative language is used here?
Is this Statement correct ?
Christian, How big a role does Proverbs 3:4-5 play in your life?
RSVP annoyance, is this pure darn rude?
I've found a ring and I think it's an image of some ancent thing, help?
Religiously silly: Did one of the fae-folk decide to play God one day?
How are you 'pretentious' for going to a Starbucks and just reading?
Atheists, will you admit you don't believe in god because you just want to sin?
A guy told me I am sexy asf. Was this disrespectful?
Whats the difference between a cartel and a monopoly? thanks :)?
Was there a better card than this?
Christians What is your favorite part of the 23rd Pslam?
What do you think is signified by the tree of good and evil?
Questions about astral projection?
I never ask questions but this I felt the urge to share with thee..?
good thing about being short?
what the hell happened to me :\\?
Why did Jesus in the Bible greet with the greeting of the Muslims?
Has anyone noticed this?
Christians why don't you post more questions on here?
Why doesn't God do anything for the weak dying babies?
What can I get my boyfriend for our second valentines day?
Is there a reason someone would act like they don't mind talking to you, and then shun you out of no where?
Is the divorce rate in quebec high, after all they do like seperating?
Yuri Gagarin stepped out of the Sputnik and became the first man on the moon....then he heard the muslim call?
German speakers, could someone help me please?
Are Jewish people successful because they are blessed, or because they are hardworking?
Ramadan ~ What does Islam say about unity?
What does this mean when a guy says this?
Why didn't god tell people that beating slaves was wrong?
Would you please stop calling Us Evolution Deniers?
what are the best snow rituals in the world?
do girls like pegging sex with guys , or like bisexual sex with guys , i mean bottom gay guys?
What does ?? ????? ??? mean? I don't trust google translate.?
Were the women of the bible more durable sturdy and rugged than today's women?
When the great Danish author, Harper Lee wrote his masterpiece; 'To Mill a Rocking Bird' what was his?
Why do some vicars get the title of Doctor instead of Father or Reverend?
I've got my iPod Touch 5 in Chinese, Should I put Siri in Chinese?
I think that my best friend is lesbian?
Why do people label us as evolution deniers?
Why do agnostics get criticized?
God's Weak Point....?
FTM, need help, please?
If the Abraham religions claim to have the same god why do they hate each other ?
Does this woman like me?
Just found my religion.?
What To Do About Bi Friend Who Fancies My Boyfriend?
Can you learn Japanese online?
Did some of you atheists here, became atheists because of the debates over religion in this section ?
I'm going from the top school to a louzy one , how do I deal with the it ?
What would happen to the world if Jesus came down to spend a few years on earth like he did 2000 years ago?
Does book of Acts chapter 19 verse 2 prove that the Holy Spirit is something that?
Atheists, have you tried changing your perspective?
whats the difference of being religious and spiritual?
whats the difference of being religious and spiritual?
What is more important for American people your race or the State to which you belong?
Respecting your elders at work?
What is the biggest flaw in evolution?
Really confused by this dream?
Can God move your hearts spirit with the power of pure and simple love?
Why do some people say that milk is murder?
Psychic situation please help?
Ramadan; why don't Christians love Muslims?
Listening comprehension problems. Will you help?
Is it really reasonable to believe religion will eventually come to an end throughout the world?
When is it too late to send a card of condolence and flowers ?
How do you become Wiccan?
How can some christians home-school their kids ?
If you were able to create your own Heaven what would it be like?
Do we orbit the sun or is it the other way around, scientist seem to be divided on this?
Have you ever danced with your moon shadow in the starlit reflections of a midnight country pond?
Will there be pizza, fast cars, mansions, hot looking girls & nice clothes in Heaven?
Is it possible that a woman is a lesbian just because her younger cousin is one?
Is it easy to learn Spanish?
In sign language, are there multiple ways of saying a certain word/phrase?
Is there something wrong with fried chicken??
Good References? any good books, movies or documentaries?
For people who hate religion and \Dont\ follow a religion or culture you may want to read this.?
Moving out and Disabled?
Good References.. Books, movies or documentaries?
Im gay but I keep pretending that Im not?
Good References? books ? movies? Documentaries?
why did jesus accept to die on a cross?
American-English vs British English: how you read out 2001?
If magic is not real, then why do you believe Jesus is the son of God?
Where to spit chewing tobacco?
Does Queen Elizabeth II still go horse riding when she is on holiday, if not, when did she stop?
If I want to sell you a car do you agree to buy?
When evolution deniers claim that they have \looked at all the evidence,\ are they lying?
Doe he have the hots for me or not?
How to live a life like a hippy?
In complete sentences describe the impact the printing press had on Germany and the world.?
Does the Bible say we are animals?
What did Jesus mean about Hell when He said \their worm dieth not\?
Was Padre Pio a real miracle worker?
How come young adults/ teenagers are never religious?
ATHEISTS: Is there anything about any religion(s) that you may like?
Which one of these genres has the most of tickling stuff?
the problem with religion?
Is it true that using yahoo answers can help improve your English level?
how long did it take you to learn English as a second language?
How to negotiate with a car dealer as a 20 year old?
Christians, I have read your book. I am still an atheist. What about your book made you a believer?
What does this word said by a guy with a british accent mean,\dulayla\?
So Athiests....you want proof of God....but do you really? I mean do you?
Will I still get pleasure from \releasing\ after starting HRT?
The Walk of Faith is not A walk of Shame!!?
before Eve sinned man and animals lived very diferent lives, they were all vegan?
a costume jewelry necklace with a mark that looks like a gazelle?
People are animals? What do you think?
How to tell difference between a true atheist & a person who is angry with their God & using the label?
What one of the 3 abraham religions is the worst ?
Is this really all that common?
Why is it important as a Christian to eat heathy or is it?
Wanting to do impressions.?
How often should I text my girlfriend?
Does daring to question religion make atheists look like stupid scumbags?
Do you feel reality is really real?
does any one know how old you have to be to volunteer in cynthia spencer hospice?
Who is Muslim according to the teachings of Islam?
how do i change a religious person's view on homosexuality?
Somebody help me to understand what the singer say?
French help please?!?
To those who work at Burger King?
Classmates making fun of me, being phoney; what do I do?
Are these Spanish sentences correct?
What is Cuckoo Clock in French?
Is one meant to understand the Trinity?
Are the \obama is a communist\ crowd like the Flat Earth Society?
Would a Christian have a hard time trying to convince you that you should be \saved\?
Are God's restrictions on sexual relations and rules for sexual morality reasonable?
gag-inducing (meaning), show the remains go up (grammar)?
Why is marijuana use so frowned upon yet alcohol use is just fine?
Can you look up stuff in the Bible like with a dictionary or do you have to read it like a regular book?
If homosexuality is allowed then why not the others?
Someone please give me advise!!?
Is god's character relative to the mood of the christian describing him ?
I need help best answer!?
Do girls and women like to sit cross legged more than boys and men?
Can you correct this phrase?
What do you think of this verse in scripture?
Which does most harm in the world, religion or homosexuality?
I speak in my sleep a lot?
could you explain the meaning and the usage of the world ultimate in a simple way. thanks?
What is the \gospel\?
Could you check my writing explaining mistakes please, Thanks in advance?
What do you think this verse means?
whats the difference between a Miracle and a random act of coincidence?
Why do boys like yuri ( girl x girl) its disgusting ?!!!?
Fellow CHRISTIANS, how truly bad is masturbation?
Do some people think their belief in God or climate change actually affects reality of the actual truth?
Who are these trusted members of the community that report questions? Would you trust your wallet with them?
what do you know about book of mormon evidences?
Can you bring back matter from the astral realm?
Gay, Bi, Straight, Pan? What is it?
how to say \thank you for yor new year card \in Japanese?
Could anyone translate this sentence from English to Norwegian to me?
Would an idea like this alienate/offend LGBT people?
When people talk about the lives of our ancestors, how do they know how they lived?
Does God help your sports team?
what things are equal to six million?
Have you ever crept up to your clothes hamper late at night trying to catch a sock crawling out to escape?
Where do they pronounce Washington \Warshington\?
what is yarim goruselim in english?
What would happen if people found out you were gay in the 1700. How wer?
Christians: how many gods are there?
Urgent! How to say ''Just close your eyes, but keep your mind wide open\ in french?
pensioners sick pay, I work sixteen hours a week, i am on the pension, am I entitlrd to sick pay?
Do Americans learn foreign languages at school? Is it a compulsory subject at school?
Do You Have to be Dead to Have a Memorial Anything?
why is mary so important to catholics ,she has no opinion of note in the bible?
Can you name a real life avalanche? PLEASE HELP?! 10 POINTS?!?!?
any dua for asking death from God?
Is my english good? I feel that people think I'm illiterate sometimes.?
If you were king/queen of earth...?
is the mind the same for woman & men?
Christians: don't you feel sad for all those individuals who are destined for hell?
Atheists, do you believe the stories that Buddha replicated himself?
Anyone know what these penguins are saying? It's Japanese?
why is god and jesus stuck in the past ,if they are so alive right now ,explain this to me?
why do some short overweight people try to convince people that they look young or that they are small?
Why do christians say they don't follow the old testament?
why do people say, it is what it is. so annoying?
Is it weird when I look people in the eyes...?
If animals don't have morals, why should we?
Do you think that I am asexual?
Christians: is everything your god does classified as \good\?
Can Music/Songs Lead to a Spiritual Sensation?
I know I'm generalizing adults, but do you think the adult community gone insane or is it always like that?
Christians: What if Walt Disney was an anti-theist?
When did christianity start?
Are you a true Christian?
Anyone speak russian?
Fancy dress ideas beginning with the letter t?
What is the name of an ethnic group living at the highest altitude ?
why doesnt God mind animal cruelty.in the bible..how come, explain that to me?
Why do Latin/hispanic people date their cousins? yes im talking related?
Taking Old Testament Survey?
Christians: do you think your god provides a solid foundation for morality?
Who compiled the bible?
traveling alone inside Makkah?
LGBT: do you have homophobic teachers/parents?
Gawain and the Green Knight?
Can Jinns See Angels...You Know..Because There Both Part Of The Unseen?
Why do irish move to London since they hate English?
What do you think about this?
What is the Makaton sign for the word 'less'?
why do we remember god more when we are down?
Where do you get your opinions about Christians or atheists?
I had 4 friends at a bar and wanted to buy them a drink, but not the 5th person and I was refused to do this,?
For Atheist: why should a Christian NOT be allowed to display religious symbols on public land?
why does a roman chatolic women can't marry a muslim men?
Are Tamil and Telugu languages similar?
Straight guy that watches gay porn sometimes?
Any native German speakers?
What's the worst thing you've ever done?
What makes Brent Corrigan so famous?
Athiests I can prove to you God exists?
How can you be sure we are not in purgatory or a hell like world right now?
What is retroverted uterous and how can i mend it?
I think I found a complete dinosaur fossil in the woods behind my house?
What did the roman Tacticus and the jewish writer Josephus write about jesus ?
is porn good or bad and why.?
Was Jesus the Prophet spoken of in Deuteronomy 18:18?
Where is Satan right now (According to Christian beliefs)?
how can jews be worshiping wrong, according to christians... if they are following gods rule .?
Can you use fortune telling methods to determine what stocks to buy?
Why do atheists claim most wars were because of religion when history shows that to be wrong?
'Evolution is an observed fact' - Where can I go to see it?
Atheists and Christians would you be afraid of this?
Fun Prom Ideas on a Budget?
Are most people on R&S teenagers?
Do you believe in divination, mysticism, magic and astrology?
What do u mean by 'side'?
Does God exist or not?
If Moses broke the laws when he issue the decree to kill?
surprise visit for my bf on valentines day...help?
Are You Amazed At Christian Sheep?
has anyone ever died defending someone's right to say something they didn't agree with?
Is the masonic Great Architect another word for god or is it a different god ?
Would you like to Share your wife with another man for one night of fun?
How to write a prefect letter?
Should I go to my friends birthday lunch?
Is it okay to cancel plans?
Is being a girlscout fun?
Neither Theist or Atheist?
What if God is thunder & lightning? And He created natural selection 5billion years ago?
What Do u think 2020 Would Look Like?
Is Should past form of Shall?
Is Satan allowed to enter Heaven at any time?
Do you like this kalam......?
So I am from Pakistan and wanted to know how is life for a pakistani in australians.?
I Have a crush on my ex bestfriend?
Do Ghost and evil spirit realy exits and do any one have any evidence?
Do Ghost and evil spirit realy exits and do any one have any evidence?
George Washington said the U.S.A. government is in no sense founded on christian religion. is this true?
Why does god hide and only speak through messiahs and Prophets is it shy ?
Help with my religious friends?
why are guys so gross about oral?
What does Quran Surah Kahf (eighteen) ayah one hundred and nine mean?
Author or the Universe Theory?
Is it haram to smoke?
Why do some Muslims say this?
Are Most of those that argue against Evolution for real?
how do bullies chose their victims?
How can God come to earth to confirm a report if open theism is false?
Help on translations!?
Would this be a great candidate for the next president of the USA?
why would a guy push a girl away tht he once liked?
What do white people, particularly women, think of black women who wear weaves?
Do you believe that life was panned or that life was not planned?
How to explain my conservative/Catholic views on sex, birth control, and cohabitation to a boyfriend?
Are the mob still involved in vatican banking affairs ?
Is stepping in front of a bullet for someone considered suicide?
How to bald Jewish men attach their skull cap?
Should I feel bad that I watched porn when I was younger?
Why are Amish people suddenly trying to be like the rest of the world?
Why do you call us evolution deniers?
Who's gosh is it really?
im bored so bored i have a question for young perverts?
Help!!!! Did I tip enough?
wont except return cause was boufht befor thanksgiving n the gift was for Christmas,got ahold of velocity the?
Where can I find a gender therapist in Texas?
I TOLD HIM I WAS BI BUT HE TOLD EVERYONE?
What is the correct interpretation of judaism?
Why is there still racism in this world?
Poll: WHY DO PEOPLE hate homework?
Why does atheists talk aboot evolutions as tho it's a fact concidering it's a theory?
how are creationists treated around the world?
What's The Difference Between A Goth And An Emo?
atheists: why is america much more religious and materialistic than europe?
How do i say this in French?
What combination of meds can guarantee death? I am not crying out for attention. It is best for my family.?
What are the criteria for a disabled person to get Disability Car License?
When Paul preached to the Romans, did he do so with God's authority?
Do evolution deniers realize they are the ones actually calling God a \liar\?
Does the fact that the universe isn't flat prov it had to come from something?
Does anyone know of any true Christians who are obeying everyone of Jesus' sayings?
how can one have an errection?
Machine Translation help collaborative translation communities...?
Dream interpretation?
Is it hard to be a Catholic Priest?
Should you tip workers at big box stores for loading things into your car?
So evolution deniers are cowards?
transgender mtf , transgender without hormones?
Is God calling me to the Catholic Church?
What is your opinion about the great \ Kanamara Matsuri \ Festival in Japan?
Does Sleepy Hollow have a sword or axe?
Why did Solomon leave God to worship idols?
Does Yaho0 have a homosexual agenda?
Confused about sexuality?
Jehovah’s Witnesses: What is the penalty for falsifying your kingdom ministry time card?
Why do I hate everyone?
Anyone know where me and my boyfriend (19 and 20) could go on holiday this year?
What is the significance of cats in Islam?
Why does he act WEIRD when we hang out? Should I ask him if he still wants to be friends?
When Mohammad died why did the human faced donkey fly to Jerusalem with him ?
Christians, is open theism the truth or heresy?
What chapter in the Qur'an should i read?
Help! is it a sin to do this. im not sure?
I want to smoke a pipe. Is it socially unacceptable for women? I've never seen this.?
why do muslims not care if you draw jesus?
Will my aqarius woman come back?
Can you post some evidence showing rock'n'roll saves souls better than mythical dasholes?
How did the Greek study the stars?
International Womens day activities?
if jebus rose from the dead would it not have been deemed witchcraft?
How does an atheist get hope?
Do you know and what have you done?
hi .. i m pakistani n thinkin to study fashion in paris .. bu lot ov ppl discragd me sayin french ppl r racist?
Is it a girl or a boy!!?
ramadan.. What type of punishments?
Is this grammatically correct?
In your life, has God given you what you needed?
When writing a letter, is this acceptable?
religeon was the first law its outdated dribble?
What Language Shall Allah Speak To Us On The Day Of Judgement?
Atheists: Why you insult and curse that you believe to be nonexistent?
Commodore of the 18th century?
What is the difference between rajputs and jatts in Pakistan?
When you forgive, you in no way improve the past, but you sure?
Do you think we can have \twin souls\?
Can a married Jewish woman shake hands with a male gentile?
Would it be insulting if someone made a book called...?
at partys with friends my wife hugs and hangs on men, like i am noy their?
How do you act toward someone after you've had a talk and shook hands?
Regarding \New Age Religions\ and spirit animals: (please see below)?
witchcraft spells to turn of your human emotions for awile?
Will this make me legally a pedophile?
What does this dream mean?
Why do some religious people have troubles accepting the fact of Evolution?
Atheists, why do you try to crush evidence?
wat is your most ticklish spot?
Translate every single word or idea expressed.......?
Do I need a mehram to go with me if i want to visit Masjid Al Aqsa?
If Aliens Exist, Do They Believe in Jesus?
Why some people do not believe in God?
Should I buy her the gift or not?
What do you think of the Flying Spaghetti Monster?
Mormons: Whats the deal with the magic underwear?
Why some Christians, Jews or Muslims are offended if you tell them \You do not know the Truth\?
If i know french and english can i get job in NewYork? If yes what kind of jobs?
How to say 'I wish that I could live in London' in french?
Children at a fancy party: at what age do I expect them to be sociable?
Why do people use religion to oppress others?
I believe in god,do you?
valentines gift for her?
i am in no way a racist or biggot but bi racial breeding is wrong?
Do Atheists on R&S realize that they are actually Agnostic?
is there a lesbian village in manchester?
how to explain simply to a child when we use present continuous thanks?
Did the graves really open when Yahshua died?
What is the concept of paradise in Christianity (Please answer only if you know)?
anniversary present for parents??
What to get my fiance(girl) for valentines day?
Where does the Arabic word Isa come from and what does it mean?
Does anyone have any Guy Saiz(Richie T) or Zach Regfus PumpingMuscle DVDs?
POLL Are Kids Learning Values anymore?
Can someone Jewish help me asnwer a Holocuast question?
Why do we continue to test on animals when there are numerous homeless people we can test on?
How come energy and forces isn't evidence for a God....?
My boyfriends ex still keeps in contact. Aporopriate?
Will muslims become non-religious like christians in the future?
anyone know of a tradition in which the first born son of each generation was given secret knowledge of herbs?
So god can't take away evil without taking away free will huh? Remind me what the definition of..?
What sort of bribe would be spiritually compelling for a child who is unfortunate enough?
Is there any movies where a little boy and woman kiss?
Is years of better education top reason why so many (now ex) Christians are rejecting religion in West?
Does any of us know everything about anything?
Generally liked by people?
A question about mormon sexuality?
Jehovahs Witnesses and the Wild Beast?
Being made to wear thongs?
Will God be mad at me if I say \I hate you\?
On a daily basis, I masturbate to videos of animals mating. How do I resist the urge to commit this sin?
What should I say to my parents who want me to get married & have children but I'm not ready?
should i do it or is it wrong ?
Given the history of Islam and how Muslims radicals behave how can Muslims demand respect?
Will this generation die out without seeing the return of Christ?
Has this section fallen to atheists?
If everyone is unique, then doesn't that make us the same as everyone else?
What is your opinion of Drakes study Bible?
where is the scripture that has a falling away will come first?
Did Adolf Hitler believe the Master race is living inside the Hollow Earth?
How come that fundies attack only science branches that disagrees with the bible ?
Can a 16 year old go on holiday with friends?
How do I say 'my brother is really annoying' in french?
Why do people get all bent out of shape when a person sprays something?
If I am claiming disability for my anxiety disorder, can I still attend college?
Jehovah's Witnesses: About your Bible versions?
Help with French translation needed!!?
Ramadan: what do you think of athism?
Is -2.1/2 a rational or irrational number?
Is Jack The Ripper really dead?
What does it mean if you dream about killing an albino cobra by smashing the head with your feet?
im having these strange occurances lately, any logical explanations?
can someone, anyone make sense of this please?
How can I help the needy person?
Is Mahabharat a real story? 10 points?
will the world ever End?
Is the Watch Tower Society/Jehovah Witnesses a Cult?
What do you think of Kim Jong Un's crown princess Kim Ju-ae?
PBS America should be compulsory viewing, Yes? I just watched Latino Americans in America.?
Is it taboo for atheists to question Scientists?
What should I do for Valentines day/ anniversary?
Christians have you genuinly read your bible?
What should I do for Valentines day/ anniversary?
options for a homless 16 year old??
Do Wiccans believe in literal deities?
Is Passive Aggressive the superior attitude on R&S?
Why God doesn't magically solve all of our problems ?
Why was Prince Williams guard dogs put down after he finished his last shif in RAF?
why is it healthy to be spiritual without being religious?
Atheists, since you don't believe God created us in His image, do you really believe?
So confused about a boy (he knows I like him)?
I regained my faith last night; has anyone else ever experienced anything like this?
Atheists: Do you hate me?
What has happened to society?
where except of philistines are the Cannanites...?
I'm Mormon and how do I transfer to another LDS church?
What exactly IS dressing ghetto?
If carnivorous activity is because of Adam's sin, shouldn't we view eating steak as punishment ?
what do you think about the site understanding islam.com?
These guys pmo.. Help me?
What should i do if a boy touches me?
How was God able to speak English even before it was invented?
What should I get my gf for valentines.?
why do atheist use scientific laws to try to prove god doesn't exist when he is a spiritual being?
Is there any people to help me for translate hebrew text to english?
when do we say communication is existed?
If for instance, a person injects someone (unknowingly) with bacteria and then gives them antibiotics?
I don't understand what gays see in men, women are so beautiful !?
Why do i feel like i need to pee when my lesbian girlfriend fingers me?
Do you think people watch porn to..?
Are there giant insects living underneath the UN building running things?
My dad keeps asking me if I'm gay ............ :/?
How do I deal with the hurt I feel at work?
What is the difference between a Santa Muerte money robe and a golden Santa Muerte?
I'm confused about my sexuality. HELP?
Is AIDS in anyhow God's way to say......... \Screw you\?
Atheists just what if?
What will happen to those who will not inherit the kingdom of God?
What does the Bible say about being close to God?
What Does A Woman Get In Jannah(Heaven) Apart From Seeing Her Man With Other Women?
Creationists: What \kind\ did the Duck-billed Platypus come from?
What motivates the thumbs down fairy who uses several accounts to give multiple thumbs down to people?
How would the full moon affect me as a taurus with a cancer extended cusp? I was born on may 20.?
turning 22 years old. and not sure what to do for my bday...?
God wants everyone to worship him those who refuse burn in hell what are your thoughts on his character ?
What does the Spanish word \cripta\ mean?
What is a song and how does it make you feel?
how is anal sex enjoyable?
Has anybody ever done a 40 day fast?
Noah Got Animals From Where?
How to work 2 part time jobs?
Am I the only person who have trouble socializing with psychopaths /evil people?
My friend claims there's no such thing as a bad Wiccan?
What race is God.......?
I want to tell my family and friends im a lesbian but dont know the easiest way to do it?
Tamils have been using cow dung scientifically since time immemorial.Isn't because cow dung a Germicide?
Do black people in other countries act the same as in the US?
how to respond to this question \how is it going there ?\?
Why do some people make a big deal about people's decisions?
Saying thank you in an email?
Atheists: Do you think this is a good comparison?
What is a prayer warrior?
Question for atheists?
CHRISTIANS.... Did not 'God' say, \No longer are you to say this throughout the land(Israel)?
Atheist: What if a god doesn't want you to have proof of its existance because of its mysterious ways?
Since it was MEN that wrote the Bible, and MEN and WOMEN who are the authorities?
If God wants us all to follow and worship him, why didn't he create us as such?
does a finger print scan show you have warrents?
Christians why do you take no for an answer whenever you invite Atheists to Church?
Are Irish people generally racist?
Which sentence is correct?( French )?
If people decided not to crucify Jesus would we not have been forgiven?
Christians: As God has given you hair that grows, why do you thwart his intent?
Theist, if your religion is the true religion, why is exorcism also 'successful' in other religion?
What should i do if a boy touches me?
aaye hue sabhi mehamano ka hardik swagat he in hindi?
Since the enslavement of humanity by men has been outlawed, how long do you think it will take?
Why are Christians when you hug them all sweaty and greasy but atheists when you hug them are Soft and Cuddly?
How can I ask technical questions during conference calls without sounding accusatory?
Doesn't 1 Peter 4:7 suggest an old earth belief ?
how can you strengthen your faith and belief in Islam and Allah?
Islamic ruling on acceptable interactions ex wives should have with ex husbands after he's remarried?
introducing position in English?
Ramadan: Why do Christians think themselves monotheist?
Is it ok to send a anonymous sympathy card?
Do people only accept evolution because they don't like Christianity?
Illuminati is dieing out?
Why do so many people in Wales claim they speak Welsh but they can't?
If Napoleon could see that religion is a tool used to control the masses?
YEC's, How can light travel sextillions of miles in a 6000 year old universe?
What type of Spanish do I use?
I'm in love with a lesbian who lives in another country?
Do you like being mixed race?
How do you find the philosophy in the book of ecclesiastes?
Is american horror story scary?
Why do genders exist... Is there a way to completely abolish sex?
What is your best come back for ....?
What does this sentence mean?
Ramadan: why do Christians and Jews love each other so much?
Why does the Holy Spirit have such thin skin - you can't even talk about him?
Could Roman authorities have censored and destroyed all historical evidence about the life of Jesus?
What are the Los Angles Angles of Anaheim called in Spanish?
Do religious people really think atheists believe in the FSM?
Do you think Italians are racist, generally speaking?
why were africans enslaved in the caribbean?
Do Christians and Muslims say each other go to hell?
Why are many atheists against Free Speech?
Do you think italians are racist, generally speaking?
Why do atheists force their beliefs on others?
why is it that Wiccans that claim christians abuse them never comment when they did the same?
Myths about lefties, and left side of the body?
Do we have statistics that show humans' morality largely depends on which god they believe in?
Why do American's and Canadians hate each other?
Am I becoming TOO heartless?
Do atheists venerate the FSM?
How can I attract gothic chicks?
if you own a pet, what's the cost to take your pet to the vet for a yearly checkup?
What can you say about this story?
If Odysseus and Ender got into a fight who would win?
How to reply to a girls dance invitation?
What does 'Kadi has vi liya karo' mean?
Why is it that white people are the only ones who are racist?
what is feminization?
is it true that.........?
If I join the Church of the FSM, would my preference for Spanish food be schismatic?
Who is real god? I think the god is one he is almighty?
Can a JW share some of your teachings with me.?
atheists: why do you think the doctrine of hell cant be justified?
To Jehovah's Witnesses who were Raymond and Cynthia Franz?
Atheists why must you resort to vulgarities when disputing God?
How do you say \Live a life of sound\ in latin?
If christians say \God can do everything\ then why bother finding evidence for biblical stories ?
Should it be legal to send anthrax to Craigslist scammers?
Christians, how is speaking in tongues to be used and when and in what contexts?
R&S: How do you feel about the people who say \diseases are necessary for population control\ ?
.: I wonder about how many Fruits did God have :.?
Why has the church in the united states produced so many cults?
what do American men of German descent think of German girls?
How would someone like this react to being sentenced to life?
Does God send atheists to hell because Christians expect it of Him?
Can Evolution Be Possible In Humans?
Jehovah Witnesses say that they are mentioned in the Book of Revelation?
Where to find a gay pride wristband?
What to expect at a goth club?
Why didn't Adam like his first wife Lilith?
earthquake hits when sharon laid to rest?
what should I get him for valentines day?
earthquake hits when sharon laod to rest?
How could Noah waterproof the ark BEFORE the flood with a petroleum substance ?
Does Calvinism excuse bad behavior?
Why are American's and Austrialians obsessed with the Royal Family?
(10pnts)Never watched porn and I am 16.Is this weird?Is there a \name\ for my situation?
Did the queen ever date anyone before she met the duke of Edinburgh?
Did God invent Eve because Adam wouldn't steal his fruits?
Who can tell me something about bamuda triangle?
Will you please pray for me?
Don't you find it funny that Yahweh apparently let HINDUS worship other gods and graven images?
Why is it OK for a woman to ask a question about a man's age but not the other way around?
How can someone look homophobic?????/?
In order for the religion of Evolution to be true?
Is sweeping strange girls off their feet (picking them up literally) in public considered good in US?
Do you ever lie on purpose?
Will Republican Jesus return on Judgement Day to tax the poor for the trickle down effect?
Hw do me cnvrt to athism?
What do you think of this analogy?
Why do American's speak English?
atheists: do you agree that politicians and CEO'S are proof of original sin?
Is it true that we are all made from star dust?
Could the days in Genesis 1 overlap ?
Why are smokers incredibly delusional and rude think everyone should put up with their lack of self respect?
Do Atheists know who the first president of the U.S. was?
is sex is the most important part?
Ender, Bilbo, Odysseus, and Romeo get into a fight. Who wins? Why?
Did God create everything? Even himself? What did he create himself with?
What are the consequences of not obeying God's word?
\next month\ or \the next month\?
Senior Citizens, how many years after the minimum school leaving age (where you lived at that time) did?
Why might this girl dislike me now?
Fellow Pastafarians: Why do all the other religions hate us?
Could God lift a rock so heavy that he could not lift it?
He makes it feel unspecial?
Why are there so many antisemtic people in the world?
Christians: Do you feel sad for all those cultures that have lived, and died, never hearing about your savior?
Catholics, is it possible for you to skip purgatory and go straight to heaven?
Which belief is more illogical out of Theism and Atheism?
Why do Vietnamese peolpe still use alphabet?
What if it is all fake?
german biologist christ meyer says hiv is bull?
How much does it coast for the complete srs surgery and other things?
Why would a god create beings to worship him?
I just want to die???????????
What culture do the characters represent in the Black Madonna and Child paintings in the European Cathedrals?
is he really a true friend?
How can a *born again christian* fit into a big enough womb and be born again ?
Why muslims have a persecution complex?
Why is the westburo baptist church so cruel and ignorant?
difference between black and white townships?
Why do many people hate athiests?
Christians: What would really count as evidence against god?
i am confused about a friend?
Marriage Ceremony in Hindu Religion after death of a family member?
What is the difference between existing and living?
Does anyone know the japanese translation for the word vorpal?
Do you believe that the universe comes from nothing?
If we are created in God's likeness. Does that mean God has evolved too, like us?
How do you say 'I love you' in Italian?
if christians are going to look for god were will they search?
What kind of job should I get if everyone hates me since I was physically born?
An atheist, suffering the consequences of sin exclaimed..\I'm like I'm in hell with this\?
I've heard of the Bible Belt but do they also have Bible Suspenders?
Are you noticing that, the more you study religion in detail, the more you see it's man made delusion ?
What does this spiritual poem mean?
why is god playing hide and seek?
atheists: Do you believe that evil people get away with it or that life will eventually punish them somehow?
What do you think of this quote?
Was prophet Mohamed getting his revaluations through a human source?
Can anyone explain to me the meaning of Gen.3;15?
Is science testing God?
Why is god so bad at what he does?
What's a good place online to post a somewhat lengthy evaluation of...?
Does he like me, or is he just fooling around?
What dose this Chinese writing mean?
Spiritually speaking what are your thoughts on this quote ?
Am I belemic because......?
Do you really want to spend any time in heaven with these Xtians?
Why do I feel like this?? I'm not gay!?
How can one love Jehovah, the warlord of the Israelites?
Should I try and hide my love for JEHOVAH or let the world know?
Arabic translation, help me?
Why do people think God created the world in 6,000 years?
Arabic translation, help me?
Why do people think God created the world in 6,000 years?
Translates this text?
Christians, what is your position on Baptism in the name of Jesus Christ?
If Jesus's cross was made out of Olive wood - why is it depicted as being much bigger in churches?
which expression is more preferred ?
Do you have any Sweet 16 Birthday ideas?
Why ask someone to choose you, if you already know they won't?
How to tell people off....?
Help finding housing for low income people?
If you are a \god believer\, what is your opinion of this phrase from a Minn. lawmaker?
I have proof that even babies can be victims of demonic possession, what do you think of this?
Are Aryans - Indo-Iranians- who have migrated to Europe?
I met a group of fellow believers at a seminar. Smiling, we all hugged each other in joy of meeting...?
Spiritually Speaking: If we have evolved from Monkeys why do I still like the music played by Organ Grinders?
Why is it that some Christians now claim \hell isn't real\?
english words,please.2 questions?
What's so funny 'bout peace, love & understanding?
Why does God go from a nasty, vindictive, ethnic cleansing, pro-slavery, blood thirsty deity in the OT...?
Why would it matter if everyone in the world except you believed the Earth was flat?
What does 'God made mankind in his image' really mean?
What's your favorite color of the rainbow?
Is the way my family talk to me patronizing? Or is it another word? (10 points)?
A questip for Atheists: Do you have faith?
Does God forgive repeat child rapists?
Who was the Robin you appreciated the most?
Atheists...do you believe in karma?
Why do atheists cherry pick the Bible?
So,the best way to ease doubt, uncertainty, the frustration of unknowing, and?
When the Jews were in the showers ,why didn't God answer their pleads for to be saved?
Why did we need a New Testament? Why couldn't the Infallible God get it right the first time?
Your opinions on girls who cuss/curse/say bad words?
Help! Earth exists and I don't know how it got there..?
Am I bisexual if (read the details)?
Why dont dogs observe any religious beliefs?
When to use 'a/the' after linking verbs?
Do Muslims believe we are decended from Adam and Eve. If not, whom is mankind decended from?
Unlock characters in injustice gods among us ultimate edition?
Why do christians say they don't follow the old testament anymore but they hate gays?
Unlock characters in injustice gods among us ultimate edition?
Does a transsexual get wet?
In the beginning of time, after God was perfect, what didn't he have?
What is the difference between these two similar sentences?
are there any particular features associated in certain areas?
How do you get straight guys do things for money?
Muslims how do I deal with a friend who is short-tempered ?
What is closer to your home: A Mosque, or a Church?
How do I disable Amber Alerts on my phone and tablet?
\not enough spare time TO or FOR...\?
Ex-Christians: How were you able to...?
Meaning of 4 arrows coming out of circle symbol...?
Tumse Hi Din Hota Hai, Tumse Hi Shaam Aati Hai..?
Don't you think it is unfair to Jesus that all the hard work he did for getting justice and?
Reading the responses of both christians and atheists here has taught me one thing. Do you know what it is?
Are we spiritual beings of darkness or of light?
What does a \touch-button\ mean in the following sentence?
Seniors, what is the real definition of \Sweet Home\ on your life experience behalf?
Why do we continue to pollute the earth?
why does the media think that cosplay is a form of fetish?
Who is the most perfect Christian to have ever lived?
Are the four blood-moons a sign that Jesus is coming either this year or next year?
Are we all just children of the universe?
Is this right for a Manager to do this?
Is it taboo to question the evidence for evolution?
Atheists and theists, what are your MBTI types?
has the theory of evolution been proven?
Why does God let good people and animals die?
Besides the Nazi that was just found the other week, has there been any other Nazis found in the last 3 years?
I'm tired of people calling me skinny?
Christians promise you eternal life, but Hinduism offers eternal life plus 20 years extra. Which is better?
Could the rapture have already happened and we have been left behind?
People who accept evolution, how much evidence have you really seen?
Is this bad grammar ?
Why is suicide such a taboo ?
Am I the only 17 year old who dislikes christmas day now?
best type of skirt for a male to female crossdresser?
How do evolution deniers explain this obvious evidence for evolution?
Who has more gb of pr0n on their computers per capita: atheists or Christians?
If God isn't real, how come the Ark of the Covenant is able to melt peoples faces off?
I wish i slept with more people?
Why does god provide so much evidence contrary to his existence?
Zephaniah 2:12-15 did god do this to ethiopians?
If evolution is true.............?
Which one do you mostly go with?? Luck or Hardwork?
Why do famous people seem to die in threes?
Was I wrong for disconnecting the call?
how do you say and pronounce ''because you are a'' in italian...?
Is the Pope the visible representative of God on earth?
How do you let go of false teachings that you were taught as a child?
Do people have the Right to discriminate?
Can you help me with English please?
Do u believe in ghostly spirits? If so what are some of your experiences?
Why is rape increasing in India? And also other countries like Egypt?
so everyone assumes i am mexican?
Is It Weird That I love Lesbians?
What is the excuse of believers? If an unbeliever can demonstrate good morality,?
whats the most common language in the world?
Do you agree with the decisions made by these two judges?
Why do some people of faith hate atheists and homosexuals ?
How should I answer this job interview question in a way that will impress them...?
Why don't Christians follow there Bible?
Is paedophilia prevalent in South America?
\ja'ne minna, oyasumi, nemui desu\ what is the meaning of these in english? Thanks.?
Can one be so indoctrinated with false religion that he can no longer respond to the true faith?
what type of person would this be classified as?
Can someone ask our Monarch to cancel the \All Rights Reserved\ on the A.K.J.V. please?
Should I try to get SSDI?
I dreamed of Jesus couple nights ago?
Why do Christians always talk about a loving God, when God's responsible for sending people to hell?
Did god create me \in his image\?
Do you think it's possible HRT can change sexual orientation?
What If Your Gay? Help!!?
If god isn't real, then why is the whale shark not the most terrifying thing ever?
Christians: What is life according to your religion?
What color is unicorn blood ?
Is there any scientific proof that women are not as competent as men ...?
Why is God so needy that he requires people to believe in him?
Christians, how can the rapture be true, despite...?
How to leave a religion for good?
Tamils' Bravery Sport of Jallikattu&Ritual Body Piercing of Thaipusam to-day. Aren't both look deadly?
Can god smile on homsexual man if keep he no sex?
How to say Is that suppose to be sarcastic in spanish.?
There are many Christian denominations in Bangladesh. Do you know them?
If you were God and nothing could hurt or annoy you because you're perfect, who would you send to hell?
Is god's Judgement impaired?
When talking about famous people why do we always say their full name except sports when we use only surnames?
How to improve English?
Should the R&S section be sent to the mythology section ?
Ramadan: Muslim sisters I need your answer?
Does God work in mysterious ways kind've like unemployed people do?
which progam is better to learn English, Rosetta Stone or Open English?
If You're Italian and German and French?
What branch of your religion do you believe in and which bibles are the basis for your belief?
From a sexual point of view, what do you think about UK, the homeland of Puritanism?
If you were a perfect God with perfect foresight and most people didn't worship you..?
I just spent $3.70 and feel super bad?
How do I find specific info about lvl 3 sex offender?
How to say in German...?
Atheists: What do you think of Russel Brand?
Did Ravana done anything wrong in Ramayana before kidnapping Sita?
What should I do to my X cremation or casket?
My friend called me very late at night yesterday?
Which is more attractive, skinny or chubbt face for girls?
Atheists, do you admit that there are smart men out there, with high IQ's, who are Protestant YEC?
The truth about Heaven and Hell (my opinion)..?
Does her reply sound neutral?
Does Evey LGBT Experiment?
What are some current scenes/subcultures?
Does Indians choose completely naked sex?
Was I wrong for disconnecting the call? advice?
St Mark the Evangelist and his trip to Egypt ?
Gay Guys: Who Would You Rather Date?
what would you do if you were interested in a younger girl?
What would a christian woman do?
is the knowledge earned in a degree just the tip of the iceberg?
Should Christians reject Judaism?
Do people accept evolution because they don't like religion?
How is alienation spread throughout the ages?
Do straight guys not get turned on at all when touching other guys muscles?
Is farm-raised seafood from Vietnam and China haram?
Did I break up with my girlfriend for the right reasons? For God believers/Christians (preferably)?
What are the details of YOUR Personal Concept of Free Will?
signing off, is it proper in English to say this statement this way?
i am able to speak three languages. am i an intelligent person?
Do I have the right to call Social Security?
My family force me to go on holiday what should I do?
If Jesus was around on earth today, where would he be going for 'church'?
Where is it that God exists?
What gender am I am I both or what PLZ help :( I'm lost?
Do Christians think non-believers are going to hell?
What gender am I am I both or what PLZ help :( I'm lost?
in what year do you think they will invade Israel?
What gender am I am I both or what PLZ help :( I'm lost?
Spirituality Are Christians Threatened By This?
scared of regretting after its over?
Ramadan: What do you think about this lecture of Sheikh Imran Nazar Hosien ?
Why do people push others to be confident, but laugh at \ugly\ people who show confidence?
Does the thinking capabilities of a homeless person degrade over time?
is God racist coz in the story of the Canaanite woman Christ says that he was sent to save only the Jews?
First time using enema?
Atheists. What about evolution was debonked by these facts?
Girlfriend Does Everything For Me?
what are the affects of the stolen generation on Aborigionals of today ?
Can you check if this text is correct?
Could native English speakers fill in the following questionnaire?
muslim girls help me please?
How can I reduce breast size almost to disappear without getting body hair and without any type of surgery?
Do you believe in rocks?
If you're not skinny, you're not beautiful? WTF?
Should I make a move? I think she's interested...?
In war, would Christian brethren kill each other in the name of their countries?
Ramadan: Has this prophesy of prophet Muhammad (SAW) come true now?
Help with German needed?
is drunk sex considered sexual assault?
As God chooses who gets into His Heaven, what do you suppose is His criteria?
Does Ariel Sharon’s Death Bode the Second Coming?
Atheists, do you ever lie down awake at night, and think to yourself \Hmmm, perhaps there is a God\?
In present and future world of cut throat competition, can honest people now become rich and powerful?
is this just Crazy to think : Ex & Relationship?
Is she a cheater, lesbian or lost her spark?
What would you rather do in Heaven?
Which mystical creature do you wish was real?
By reducing body weight to normal, does sagging abdomen/tummy return to flat or remain sagging permanently?
How good are Americans of the Vietnamese origins?
Has \getting into Heaven\ got anything whatsoever to do with you choosing Judaism?
What Islamic name means \reserved character\?\?
3 Wishes to be granted in your whole life?
making a little love box for my boyfriend?
Why is it with the increase of secularism that more freedoms are getting taken away?
Why do some people freak out about homosexuals wanting to be able to get married?
Why do people like making EMO people hurt and attempt to kill them selves?
How can i regain normal vision when it becomes blurred after lots of exam study and PC work stress on eyes?
Name some things that your personal Heaven must include?
Does anyone ever feel like they're weird because no one can relate to them?
where do the vampires live?
Christians, does God exist in time?
Its understandable why people should fear dying. But how is death frightening?
LGBT: Why do people take Sexual Relationships seriously?
What do you do if you're rudely interrupted by your kid in the middle of an erotic telephone call?
Christians: Do you ever feel like the only real Christian?
To Indonesian people: What do you think of Filipinos and the Philippines?
Castilian....B = V when?
How to describe it in English?
how do you write this in KOREAN?
What do Muslims contribute to Western society?
Relationships in heaven?
Christians, do you understand how God can be both a Father and a friend?
If a muslim hears a sexy song do they have to cover there ears ?
12 x 17.5 x 6 (LxHxB) means converted in inchies?
i don't know if this is a tridition?
Are there any Christians out there who think that it's possible that their own pastor(s) might go to hell?
There's a straight boy at my school I like him a lot I'm Bi I need some help any advice?
If God decided on a whim to create me why should I worship him for doing so?
What should I do? (girls advice?)?
Even if God existed, why should I worship him?
OK let's be real here! What's so bad about women having their period?
have you ever been gay? what was being gay like?
Can gay sex cause HIV?
Is my sexuality changing my lifestyle? Or is my lifestyle just changing?
Is john f kennedy 1/2 irish, 1/4 in his background?
JW's, do you take all Christ's parables as serious as you take the one about the Faithful Slave?
Is it possible to be cooler than you?
I hate myself, no really I HATE myself more than anyone else I hate.?
To fluent/native arabic speakers, I need help with a translation?
I'm fasting for the first time, I am Christian, I need help?
Why are christians bitter and anger?
ATHEISTS: Why would this not stand up in Court?
Does it matter that we wouldn't have science without religion? Why?
Why do some Christians go on about homosexuality ?
Kiss how this girlsfriends?
Does the 528 Hz frequency really repair DNA and create miracles?
Is it possible to become possessed during astral projection?
Can any atheists give me evidence outside historical documents that Alexander the great existed?
Can someone translate Japanese for me?
Why do Emos and preps hate each other?
Why can't everyone just get along?
Can someone give me ANY evidence or proof, outside of the bible, that a Jesus Christ creature, existed?
Christian Men! How do you feel when your wife, girlfriend, fiance, sister, daughter, mother are on the rags?
Can I teach theology in a K-12 setting?
How the number (6) pronounced in translitration from Arabic to English ?
Pray that nobody answers this question, do you think it will work?
Christian females? How icky and low do you feel when you are on your period? I mean EW!?
Are there any spirits or entities from different dimensions here that would like to talk to me now?
Why do people love to sit in false churches having false doctrine being pushed down their throat?
I need help with this girl desperately?
the spanish first moved into the north american southwest in an effort to?
Do you think 'Jews and Hindu Brahmins' are the most intelligent people in the world?
What should i ask for my birthday?
How to change my facial assets and make them look sexy?( im a gay guy)?
Why does everyone think Emo means you cut yourself, and if you're emo you have to cut yourself?
My \friend\ said I look like a transexual?
How would you know you're in love?
Christians, did you know that our God is the true God?
do you ever wish on a full moon?
How to deal with this type of rudeness?
Christians, how do you know your god it the true god?
What do Atheist think of this?
Why do i only like to watch Lesbian Porn?
Who should pay for dinner? (multiple situations)?
Christian females? How do you feel about the sexist, chauvanistic, misogynistic, elements of Christianity?
Is it required for Women in China to change their surname?
Is fake bacon halal like the veggie kind?
Which christian is credited with finally disproving atheism and proving God is not made up?
What year did the Catholic sect of Christianity, begin?
Please help! spanish?
Was it rude that I switched groups?
Language spoken in 28 Indian states?
Christians what gives you over coming Faith to win the battle?
When science catches up to spirituality will it be the end of atheism?
What does Purdue mean in French?
They say you should tell someone you love them, but...?
Christian describe one misconception people critical of Christianity have?
Why in the world am i human??
Latin translation for \to talk out of turn\?
are you a christian?
If God didn't create free will, then why does he punish gay people?
Okay i want your opinion here can you answer my question?
What is the difference between Catholic and Roman Catholic?
If Jesus were like Mohammad?
Why must we respect the beliefs of others?
After God created free will, why did he make gay people?
Do you believe that the world is a good or a bad place?
What songs to put on a mix CD for Valentine's Day?
So For the Lady's about sex....?
How do people believe in things like Astrology and Fortune Telling?
Why are there denominations in the Christian faith?
Will Heaven have all of the things that I loved on Earth?
Why are Christians 3x more likely to eat Fast food than any other religion?
Ramadanians, would it be fair to say all the Muslims here are peaceful & non violent?
Is it true that one should not be looking for love?
Why Justin b and Miley Cyrus are cocky ?
How to get people at work to respect me?
How does one distinguish between a new religion and a movement?
How to say it appropriately in English?
Question to Eastern Orthodox Christians..............?
spanish nickname for scarlett?
Is Selah 3rd order 3rd choir religion & spirituality a Meister Eckhart book?
Was Mary called Mary Christ & Joseph, Joseph Christ because Jesus was Jesus Christ?
Is Selah 3rd order 3rd choir religion & spirituality a Meister Eckhart book?
Other than the birth of Christ, what is the biggest night event in the bible?
JW's, do you believe the end of the system of things will happen within the next 50 years?
Big bang yes, but where did life come from.?
Do you really think God is prejudice or a racist?
What does the drop down area say in english please? Its Hangul/Korean.?
How is it possible to follow Jesus?
Is it the same thing to be led by the Spirit as to follow Jesus?
where to buy occult books in India?
Do White people think that Asian people are ugly?
Ramadan: Have you experienced this miracle of Quran?
cute couple, yes or no?
A question about mythology.?
Long time best friend is a lesbian, how to make her attracted to me (read for full description)?
why do some people that are married judge others about them masterbating?
If time is just a way we measure the passing of time, what is time?
How will ending religion actually solve major world problems?
Are we a cute couple?
Why do the Vatican and Washington DC look so similar in design?
Were the tongues of fire in Acts 2:3 representing the fire of the Holy Spirit?
Do I have dain bramage?
Having a hot lesbian dream and enjoying it, but you are totally straight when you wake up. What does it mean?
an inside joke or what does this mean?
How can God be a consuming fire as said in Hebrews 12:29?
Do you believe in the fire of the Holy Spirit?
Christians, what is meant by the statement 'the human heart is deceitful above all else?
Why exactly should I respect other people's beliefs?
Is it unreasonable to ask my roommate to listen to music on his earbuds?
What are your reasons as to why it is good to be in church at least once a week?
what does this mean from arabic to english?
Should people in the US feel shame that children keep killing their classmates?
Do Spanish-speaking people randomly say words in English?
What are some things you can tell me so I won't want to drink?
What do you define sin as?
\Split infinitive\ structure in spanish?
Why do people think it is so hard to believe in both creation and evolution?
What is the dementia called that makes old people vulnerable to scams?
Christians, did God create time?
As contributors to R&S die off do you think theists or atheists are more likely to be the next generation?
Are there real physical vampires/immortal things in the world?
Why can't everyone respect eachothers beliefs?
Should I be offended?
How do you say this in Spanish?
Asian girls that are born in Western Countries?
I'm really confused about my sexuality?
For tax exempt status should there be proof of Deity like proof of income & medical expenses,etc.?
Do Jehovah's Witness elders refuse to answer sincere doctrinal questions from ex-members?
Meaning of a Japanese sentence?
Is there medication to make some one not gay anymore?
how do you make real zombies?
is it normal to have girl crushes?
How do I kiss longer?
To be accused of gossip and starting problems at work.?
how many prisoners are pardoned every year in the usa?
Am I considered attractive?
Is Italian or Spanish easier for a French and English speaker to learn?
What does 'Duc' mean in Vietnamese?
How many terrorist groups are there in the world?
Why do you think Western society is so far ahead of the Eastern world?
Can you still work part time if you have a disability ?
Why is it that when people hit 30, they do not want to go out as much?
What are your thoughts on lesbians?
Have you ever had to give yourself a good talking to?
good nick names for couples?
What is the best way to talk to a girl crush?
When the word of God and the word of science conflict, should the word of God take precedence?
Would people like God less if he showed up to their house and told them they had sin personally?
Behind one door is Kushtaka. Behind the other, a dozen bags of Skittles. Do you select Door 1 or Door 2?
Can god completely destroy the devil?
How to ask him to turnabout?
Birthday present for my mom?
Help with Spanish translations?
if scientists proved the big bang is really a spontaneous cosmic explosion then why.....?
Has anyone tried the Quick&simple language learning system?
Some people believe white people are aliens? Or part alien?
atheists: what is your opinion on clowns?
Christians, what's your number one problem with evolution?
Nothing works with creationism alone, everything works with evolution. How is there even a choice?
How to say this in Spanish?
There's usually a lot truth in stereotypes III Name 1 that's not?
Did god create disease, war & bad things or did humans create those things with their free will?
Were there grammar Nazis during World War II?
How old to you have to be to go to a gay bathhouse in Canada Toronto?
KOREAN: what does this mean in english?
What are humanity's core values?
Should I mention wanting volunteer hours on my volunteer application?
Children's Bible Story about Elisha's servant?
Native English speakers who are good at English, could you help me, please?
Guys, how desperate are you?
Inspiring Christianity stories?
If Judas had to play his role so Jesus could fulfill His mission then how could Judas have free will?
kid harassing and threatened to kill me?
How do atheists win football matches without praying to God after the game?
Are most atheists feminazis who refuse to admit there's a physical advantage to being a male?
Are people born \gay\ or choose to be \gay\?
Is it okay to feel this way? I still love her, but don't want to be with her..?
Native English speakers who are good at English, could you help me, please?
Do you think manipulation of the public is less likely to happen in today's age compared to the past?
Why would Non-Christian societies go to hell?
theists: what proof do you have for love?
Christians, is any answer that is contrary to your religion always the wrong answer, no matter what?
Why do people hang the \cross\ on their necks?
Please help me i dont know what to do?!?
What are cultural expectations of an Hispanic?
Is it true that hydrofloric acid can melt pretty much anything but cant melt through plastic?
Who would win in a fight Muhammad or Jesus?
Is HELL going to be anything like Dante's Inferno?
Presences at a Church?
was i dreaming or what?
I'm 14 and need to make money, what can I do?
question for atheists???
Will he think this was weird?! Help?! Guys opinions welcome!!?
ramadann: what does jannah look like in your mind?
What did Jesus do after Judas outsmarted him?
Why do many people mistakenly think we're all children of God regardless of what we believe?
Do you believe that there being multiple languages serves a problem for humanity?
why is my innerworld.com offlnem and bebo went away , anyone else upset by that?
A victory without flapjacks tastes like defeat?
guys: would you be happy if this girl added you that you have been lookin at?
Whats wrong with being circumcised?
Can someone please provide/find a translation of this SnK fancomic?
Would someone explain \the four horsemen\, please?
How do you say \Knowledge is power\ In korean characters and hangul?
I'm kind of confused by him. What to even think of this?
Why did God let the Demons keep their power?
If he hunt Devil Bear, he don’t come back. That bear is Kushtaka – the devil!?
Why don't attractive Blonde women in the USA date interracial unless the guy is a celebrity?
What does he mean?.....?
the available wood in korea is limite. a grammar check is needed for this sentence!?
Who's your favourite god that is totally real?
Indian Name Meanings!!!?
Has anyone here been denied disability for bizarre reasons?
How do you know if you are speaking in tongues?
crappy room mates or homeless?
how can i behave more feminine?
If you knew that I had committed arson when I was fifteen what would be your opinion of me?
Ramadanians, what do Paul & Umar ibn Al Khattab have in common?
If all religions are false doesn't that mean that man is more evil than God?
Japanese translation help?
Why did Jesus obey demons when they asked him to put them into pigs?
I'm more attracted to trans women than cis women, and that makes me uncomfortable?
Why do people hate Mormons? Seriously!?
How do you pronounce Vowels in a Scottish accent?
Why are you not a follower of Christ?
Is God punishing himself?
Why am i attracted to men now?
Why Does America Find Ignorance Entertaining?
Can the Queen if Englands hertutage be traced?
so josh doesnt has a crush on me? halp?
Does anyone know any confidence/self esteem courses/books/websites that are popular?
find another male friend comfortable with being curious?
Was Jesus being fair when he cursed the fig tree, out of season?
Do you what the easiest way is to get an atheist to *drink*?
What stone or gem stone would you choose to describe yourself?
(14 female) I Knew a girl who is bisexual and I really love her, how would I tell her that I love her...?
Why is my real estate agent mean to me?
Was this girl Kendra attacking me?
Can anyone help be please?
Why did the Fig Tree use its free will to disobey Jesus?
Things for a 17 year old girl to do with no car and no friends?
Any nudist out there?
How impressed was Muhammad's wife when he flew to the moon and cut it in half?
Do you think the book of revelation mentions the Catholic Church?
What is wrong with this French sentence?
My friend has a lesbian crush on me! What do I do?
Does the Quran Mistakenly Describe Paradise as Hellish?
Is Jesus better than magicians because magicians can't cure leprosy?
Do gay people get offended by girls (sometimes even guys) saying that they want a gay friend?
poll what is your religion/what do you believe and why?
How does prayer get you focused back on life in the right way?
Do you know any beauty spells?
Is it Haram to eat green eggs and ham?
Is it Haram to eat green eggs and ham?
Is an impersonal force a more likely creator than the gods of any particular ancient mythology?
Atheists, do you think there is such a thing as an Intelligent Christian?
what is your favorite GREEK god?
how can i look for a shop sponsor?
Please give me feedback? My thoughts on death)?
Why are people on YA so stereotypical?
Is shadenfreude a fetish?
Historical events rooted on envy or jealousy?
What is the word for hummingbird in Spanish?
Who would be the man in this relationship?
Are you scared of Judgement Day?
If I pray to win the lottery, will it happen?
Why do we study Greek Mythology/Why isn't it practiced as a religion today?
Why do I get picked on for being Straight Edge?
What to say for Cyrus VS Darius?
Believe me or not but i want help?
Spiritually speaking what exactly do muslims do on the holy day of Allahboom ?
im gay for my friend but hes a guy and im a girl? halp!?
Need help in similarities and differences!?
Christians, why don't you agree with the idea of following your heart's desire?
How might the world be different if Jesus hadn't been discovered until 1999 on Venice Beach?
my hairless cat has freckles? HALP!?
Atheists & theists- Who created evil,war,disease? 1.God, or 2.Humans, with their free will?
What would happen if God refused to give souls to potential children who were just going to be aborted?
I think I'm loosing my faith?
It is racist to have a \token\ black person and also racist not to; How does it work then?
Why do so many ignorant people believe that Atheists worship the devil?
Why did boyfriend hold my backpack?
How would you describe such a person?
should junk food be taxed?
Is it normal to question your faith?
What a world of Islam look like?
Assalamualaikum pls help me to solve this maths prob?
Did the French president commit a sin by cheating on his girlfriend?
Why do questions get deleted here so often?
How can we save America?
Spiritually speaking atheists are you just jelly of christians because they got that Jesus Swag ?
Model of a 1920's Speakeasy?
How much wine is okay during the week?
I don't know my sexual orientation?
God is real don't you know?
Help with a Valentines gift?
What is real and fantasty in the Butterfly Effect?
Help with french worksheet adj. correct forms?
What year do you think gay marriage will be federally legalized in the US?
Why do people claim to know love, when they really dont ?
Question about Presuppositional Apologetics?
Religiosity Highest in World's Poorest Nations?
Is my father a sociopath or a narcissist ?
does my mom who died 6 years Ago?
Are there any Native Russian speakers/readers who are willing to translate something for me?
Whether there is a god or not, can we all agree there ought to be one?
Who is this prayer to? Mary?
What's so hard to understand about treating patients according to science & medicine, not faith & religion?
is it alright if i consider myself a mullato?
My roommate is annoying me about my boyfriend?
Why should Christans accept Homosexuality?
Ramadan: what do you think of ghost hunters ? People who search for jinns?
Do you ever completely get over your first love?
Do most girls get their boyfriend anything for valentines day?
why am I feeling so angry with boyfreind?
Atheists: do you find some of the answers/questions?
What can I do let a girl know I like her?
What do you think about this story?
Without Looking- Can you name 5 of the 10 Commandments? 10 points?
Boyfriend gift idea for valentines day/birthday?
World Famous Alanganallur Jallikattu to-day.GPS to track jallikattu bulls.Is Jallikattu going hi-fi?
How to tell if someone is a Muslim?
transgenders on yahoo?
Do you think it's ok for a 21 year old female to live out on her own?
Why do teachers think that defending yourself is \talking back\?
Who is father of english?
How About doing this?
What are the names of God?
Wouldn't it be better if we simply consider one's religion as a personal preference?
need help with closing/getting roof of spirit board?
CatFish on KIK volleygrl1?
How to tell if someone is a Muslim are they signs?
when a person is openly racist do they lose credibility with you? how about homophobic people?
Ser or estar? Which one to use?
Is nationalism something we should be cautioned of?
How to respond to cual es la fecha and que tiempo hace in spanish?
Serious Question: Why do you eat bacon but don't support gay marriage?
Am I being paranoid about this?
Islamic Sisters, please, Agree or Disagree?
why are people so against gay marriage?
Hi does this nervousness around around attractive members of the same sex make u pwrtly gay?
How do you christians know god is a male?
How to respond to como estas and que te duele in spanish?
If God had no problem killing nearly all humans because of their sinning, why wouldn't he just kill Satan?
what should i get my boyfriend for his 14th birthday?
How many different Gods has mankind worshiped?
Why did the Athiests let the National Secular Agency take away privacy and liberty?
Christians and Atheists, is it ok for a guy to let his girlfriend or wife cheat on him?
Which Catholic social teaching does the covenant house exemplify and why ?
condsidering the evidence do you think the xia dynasty was really china s first dynasty or a myth?
How can they give their souls to Jesus without even knowing what he looked like?
Religious people have lower IQs?
What kind of myths do you know?
if someone signs off a letter with 'keep well' what do they mean?
is it illegal to ask for money on here?
Can you list these religions, Judaism/Islam/Christianity, in order of morality?
help finding the surah...?
I get bullied on for being native?
Why does God let some Eastern mystics levitate but does not let USA Pastors do it?
What are some Bible verses about Christ being sinless, and us having to ask Him in order to be cleansed for it?
what is a nice way to tell someone that you do not want to take them on as a client?
Atheists and Theists: Can we agree that...?
Japanese: What is the use of \nonakade\?
Why is YouTube plagued with African Americans saying their ancestors built the pyramids?
The Basque people and blood type?
is using tobacco a sin smoking dipping ect. I would like a christian perpesctive plz?
Christians, do you think agnostics are just as screwed as atheists?
I'm turning 19 years old in 2 weeks and I don't know what to do?
Can you give off a mood to someone?
Why does the bible have 2 creation stories thave have contritions in them?
How do Christians supporting the view that atheists are immoral substantiate this view?
if you could put any plan into practice, how would you make all religious people and atheists get along?
why do people strictly follow the law only when it suits them?
Isn't there more to reality than just religion and god and supernatural items?
Theists, would you ever marry an atheist and vice versa?
Spiritually speaking what are your thoughts on gnostic christianity and the gnostic gospels ?
How did this reproduction occured without sex?
What do first \as\ and the other \as\ mean in this sentence?
How to write a describing sentence in Spanish.?
Translation tamil into english?
need help! what should i do??!!!?
need help! what should i do??!!!?
What chapter does the creature in Frankenstein meet Justine and put the picture in her pocket?
why do eastern and western christians use slightly different calendars?
Why are atheists obsessive about God?
Atheists and Theists: Can we agree on one thing?
Why are Zionists at war with those who believe in Judaism & Christianity?
Why study the Bible ?
How will Space Aliens convince Christians that they are not Demons if they have some sort of religion?
Is egg-throwing a big sin?
Am I wrong for feeling that black people are being racist?
why is truth always the strongest argument?
Are the Christian's miracles evidence of God?
How's your self esteem?
As a spiritual surgeon, do you hate cutting into people but you're willing to do it to get the infected?
Would there be backlash if a black person identified with their ethnicity over their race?
Am I wrong for feeling that black people are being racist?
TELL me please who are the ancient people in Jeremiah 5:15-17 ? are they the ONES that will return to RULE you?
LGBT: How many United States Mass Murders have Katana, Stakes or Wrist Rockets involved?
How can I get away from my life??? I'm feeling not cared for, and just wanna get away from it all!!?
When do you learn future tense in Spanish? What Year?
male masturbation & hormone ?
Which one is correct please help?
How do you elongate Japanese words?
I'm getting jealous of boyfriend and his best friend? what to do?
I can't get out of my shell.?
How can I find a girl to hook up with?
@rude Christians: Why are you rude?
I need help finding out what this means!?
what age would you ask someone if they're married?
Are wolves real in the afterlife of Uddaya?
Will my boss get mad at me if I go to work in a Biohazard suit because everyone is sick?
Any good Mexican TV shows?
What ever happened to the collector?
Why did Isaiah say the messiah shall be called, THE MIGHTY GOD, and the everlasting Father?
Are these friends any good?
Is an open mind a searching mind?
Do Christians think any of the Smurfs are gay?
An Empirical Question About The World?
How to deal with a jealous guy?
What is the creepiest place you've been to?
dear god why am I an outsider?
Christians: Do you ever pray for people to stay away from harm and out of trouble?
Why was it when I was sitting on the couch and my girlfriend was siting on my lap why did my penis go up?
Why is society so terrible?
Why is the year 2014?
Want to be a Christian, but?
How do people know if they are transgender?
What can I do if someone I know is slandering me in messages to my boyfriend?
Is true Justin Bieber use Heroin ?
Why do you hate the 613 Jewish Mizvot(laws)?
What do you know about SHII -- Spontaneous Human Involuntary Invisibility?
Why might someone i don't know want to confirm where i live?
Atheists, can you prove that God exists?
how do you say i miss you in dutch?
You can tell alot about a person by the way they walk?
Do you think the natural hair care line MIXED CHICKS is Exclusive?
Do you like being part of eternity?
PLEASE HELP! what does it mean to hear voices, see black shadows, and have bad dreams about demons?
Do you think that in real life aliens do want to visit earth or is it just a crash?
how to get a girlfriend ?
Who is the Leader/Controller of YOGA methodology ?
Why does danger attract some people more then other's?
Mormon brothers and sisters: What do you know about the Coalition of Glory? Would you like to know more?
Should you ask somebody how they are doing if you don't care?
Does anyone listen to classical music while watching porn?
Long distance relationship can't decide to either continue or end it?
How long does it take the average person to learn a foreign language?
How much Spanish should I know??
is the meaning of YOGA correctly understood ?
Why do his friends do this?
If i learn Italian will i understand sicilian?
The word \boobs\ has been filtered from the search because Google SafeSearch is active?
what ethnicity do i look like?
real quick question about Spanish?
Whats a really really scary story that i can tell my friends so theyll freak out?
Spiritually Speaking, Is Friday Frigga's day or Freya's day?
Black people and swimming?
Would you agree that Catholic's are more gay friendly than any other Christian branch?
When you ask a question, are you seeking the truth or just looking for confirmation for what you believe?
are you really ticklish ?_??
How can I dress a boy up like this for a opposite gender party?
Did you participate in No Pants Day?
What shade of brown are you suppose to be when you are a African American for red blush to appear very?
am I the only one who have a tickling fetish here ?
Anyone on here like the great seeker?
JW's, If someone believes in God, Accepts Jesus and reads the bible, why does he need the JW's org?
what does is mean when I look in to a mirror and im not dreaming I wish it was my eyes where black?
How well do you remember the corner drugstore that you could drop in for lunch?
Why does Jewish law forbid cremation if the dead body will rot away in the earth anyway whats the diffrence?
Am I bisexual (advice please)?
will I go to heaven or hell?
What do I get my Boyfriend On Valentines Day!!!!!!!!?
Aren't all men real men? What makes it so? Is there a formula for that?
Fluent Japanese native speakers fix my Japanese subtitles and English trans, please?
Could reading a sacrilegious text as a religious person be considered a test of faith?
Whats the best way to deal with my boss?
Anyone here collect the 'So Real' dolls? or do you know someone who does?
Could someone please offer a non-religious argument against gay marriage?
why Sunni muslims emerged as a deadliest cult in islam.. thousands of innocents being blowdup in iRaq etc.?
How do I tell a guy I like him?
Kanji for English word \be\?
German language help?
Why am I doing this to myself?
a question about Moses's death?
Why believe in a God?
French help? How do you say, \I am going to go skating tonight\?
Do Indian-Americans in 2014 still practice abstinence?
Why do people call me emo?
I hate valentines day!?
About senior discount?
am i sexually frustrated?
Christians: What is heaven and hell to you?
Should i give up or keep on trying?
What kind of job do you call a person who investigates condemned house is?
Are there any religions that require you to have piercings?
What do you think of these words, from the man himself, the Father of the Big Bang?
Is it ethically and morally wrong to make fun of people's beliefs?
can god himself have regrets? like say he sent someone to hell that didn't deserve to be there?
does tickling turn you on?
How should I celebrate Valentine's Day as a single person?
I ate 4 packages of hot rods (meat sticks), and now have heartburn?
Why do these new age Israelites believe that the Bible is just for the children of Israel?
Part 2: If Jesus existed but Adam was a myth, where in Luke 3:23-38 does the fact stop and the myth begin?
How is Disney Bad for kids ?
Help with greek mythology questions?
Information about Jewish art?
Why are most billionaires male?
Would you rather have the chance to live as an alien on a different planet or stay as a human?
Wasn't included in first round of invites...should I still go?
do shooting stars really have majically powers?
Is it a sin to draw attention to yourself?
Why does she hate me?
Spanish speakers help please :3?
How did the Native people respond to the imposed christianity by the conquistadors?
What should I get my FWB for valentines day?
Are you offended because you are afraid of learning?
Were Adam and Eve the worlds first atheists making atheism the blame for the existence of religion?
Questions about gay sex?
If Lord made God than who made the lord?
Please finish this question, Paris is the world capital of..?
How do I write a plane letter?
What does \sami\ mean in spanish?
Valentines gift for the hubby?
My girlfriend wants me to try anal on her?
How to win a capricorns heart?
How come people believe what people wrote in the Bible, but they don't believe what God says to me?
Is Doomsday Clock true?
Why are popular people so fake?
what is Xiaopan ,is a japanese word ?
Spiritually speaking how mad would muslim men be when they find out the 72 virgins are all men ?
How do I stop Astral Projecting? It's making me dizzy?
Muslims brothers and sisters help me out please ?
What would America have against a harmless opinion?
Questions about cultural identity?
i am losing my faith?
Do Islam people hate Jewish people?
Any Nigerians here? Any Igbo people?
a lot of people have been calling me pretty why?
Part 2: If Jesus existed but Adam was a myth, where in Luke 3:23-38 does the fact stop and the myth start?
Do Americans love to follow the sex lives of celebrities, because their personal lives do not include good sex?
Do you think I should apologize?
What verse in the bible does it say what's meant for you no one will take it away?
Does racism still exist?
Atheists, Christian Guy here and I have Cancer?
Why do Japanese people hate whales and dolphins?
Social security disability for kid?
Ramadan: Have you ever taken student loan?
Spiritually speaking, do you know the difference between ángelos & daimôn?
How can I become a professional angel?
Question for BELIEVERS: if spirits, ghosts, demons, angels are real?
Ramadan: Is Time itself the greatest blessings bestowed on mankind ?
Christians, if one has never had a personal revelation, isn't atheism a logical position for one to hold?
why do we give any welfare to people with more than five kids?
BENGALI?! What does \tumi asholeo bengali\ mean in English?
Who drinks red wine considering it to be Christ's blood: Christians or Satanists?
if most clinics are private property then why are prolifers allowed to protest on or near the clinics grounds?
BENGALI?! What does \tumi asholeo bengali\ mean in English?
During the Irish Potato Famine, why didn't they just fish for food along the coast of Ireland?
I need help with Spanish homework?
How do I deal with a officious co-worker?
Can a voice be both husky and effeminate?
Does saying “I’m humble” make you humble?
Why do old people get away with everything?
why do i hate facebook/Google+ shits, am i socially retarded or what?
Am I gay because I'm 19 and still a virgin?
Was Charles Darwin a Racist?
Boyfriends present for one year anniversary.?
In a scienctific way?
If the holy spirit enters me, can I legally classify that as rape?
What's the significance of the number 72, in the whole line about 72 virgins?
Question for Atheists?
Do you think Hilary Clinton will be president in 2016 ?
Need help in Latin for vocative case and imperative?
Are some people born to be antisocials or \forever alones\?
Native English speakers who are good at English, could you help me, please?
Should we question god's motives regarding sexuality?
Where did the idea come from among at least some Christians, that Jesus is the mediator between God and man?
I'm an agnostic deist I guess I believe that god is real but doesn't interfere with the earth.?
why athiest does call me \cupcake\ and \sweet stuff\?
How do I tell my parents I'm a lesbian?
Spiritually speaking are christians just jelly of muslims because muslims get 72 virgins and flying carpets ?
what do you hope happens to you when you die?
Ramadan: What do you think of this video?
Does atheists feels the same emotions as normal peoples (religious peoples)?
How do I ask my boyfriend of 2 years to turnabout?
title for my oedipus character analysis essay?
How is it that God not wanting perfect robots is not seen as evil by believers?
Praying the Cancer away instead of Chemotherapy?
TRUE or FALSE: A Man shouldn't cry over a woman ?
What do you think of that athiest Neil deGrasse Tyson?
What are the beliefs as to why Christmas is so special?
Xians why eternal punishment?
Has anyone else begun their Christmas planning / shopping for this upcoming Christmas?
Is my boyfriend's behavior at work suspicious?
Why do I worry over whether or not I had a good Christmas?
Spiritually speaking, how did my question get deleted, but no points were deducted?
Does it count as a Christmas celebration if a family gets together a few days before/after Christmas?
Can someone tell me whats happen in Utah with the gay marriage dilemma?
Celtic symbol of protection help?
How would you say this in Polish?
What would happen if we celebrated Earth Day on Christmas Day?
Can Somebody Please Help Me?
Why does Christmas only get celebrated for 1 day instead of 12 days?
Is being civil with an ex who dumped you and called you fat and immature a bad move, or should i block her?
Should people just Hang up and drive?
Why do tv shows stereotype depressed and distressed women as eating a lot in one sitting?
Has any Christian here read another Holy Book other than the bible and thought... that is a load of garbage?
why do pro abortion people talk about pro lifers not caring about kids when they think abortion is good?
What does Ich wunstche,\ ich konnte mit ihnen zu sie\ mean ?
Why do Africans have scars on their face? (Please read the description)?
Is it inappropriate/creepy to comment on female coworkers shoes that I like?
Hey everyone I'm looking for a way to ask my boyfriend of 2 years to turnabout?
If God can do anything why doesn't God just send everyones sins to Hell and not the sinner?
Do atheists only provide sarcasm and excuses?
Am i weird at all...?
How do I tell people I'm asexual?
How do I tell people I'm asexual?
What's in your view right now?
How does Eppie affect Silas Marners life?
Is he right in saying this?
what ethnicity does he look like?
Are you prepare for the END ?
How can Religion be Evil when Evil doesn't exist?
Ramadan: Is birth control permissible in Islam?
Is being called petite an insult or compliment?
Which position on the totem pole is actually considered the strongest totem?
I came out as Atheist and now I feel bad?
What was that quote by this one femal atheist?
How did Odysseus even become known as a hero? Who did he save other than himself?
do people think im a lesiban (I AM A GIRL)?
Do you think a wasted youth is better by far then a wise and productive old age?
Would God be against smoking cigarettes?
How can I determine what I am?
Did bob tell Steve to ask me these questions ?if so,then why?
If there was no Adam and Eve, then there is no original sin?
Germans or others: Can you help me to understand a video in a weird German accent?
What are some names to call fat people that r mean?
Why are people so ignorant about computers?
Atheists, is this a great idea to respond to abortion fundies?
How were disabled people treated in the past? (20-30ish years ago)?
Visiting Russia soon and I'm scared of Russia's Anti-Gay Propaganda law?
why do so much gay guys like me perhaps i look gay ? help?
Help me with the first sentence of this myth?
what do atheists get out of slandering Christians so much?
Why is racial identity so important to many Americans.?
Why do people reject Jesus Christ who is God, to follow other people who are not God?
What is the story for the bible qoute for \we are legion for we are many\?
What's so wrong with wanting verifiable evidence for your god?
If God was and is aware that He is the only one that is perfect wasn't creating Humans an act of evil?
Are Muslims the most liberal group of people in America?
what was dr kings mission?
Why do believers make excuses for God when God made no excuses for mankind?
What does \Ihre niedlichen\ mean in English?
What are some examples of people conforming to society and not thinking for themselves?
Languages..Need help?
What does \Sie Sind so hubsch\ in English?
Valentines day gift/card for boyfriend?
Why do people always have to have someone—or something—to blame?
Describe what you did to administer your survey?
How do koreans date? Help me!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I don't know what to do koreans help me?
Relevant Odyssey objects?
I Can Hear And See Dead People! What Do I Do?
I Can Hear And See Dead People! What Do I Do?
Can a twinkle from the apple of your eye, make your life a glimmer as the heart glows fonder?
Disabled. losing Medicaid Early Retirement?
Part 1: Did Adam exist? Did Jesus exist?
Where could I procure a La Santisima Muerte/ Holiest Death statue?
Translation Help From the Cay. Please help me?
If something was not done on purpose it had to be an accident?
How can i start a ministry that would help the homeless ?
Why are some of the most popular people not the nicest/high quality people?
How do I approch my boyfriend on why he didn't get me a Xmas gift?
Catholics, what is your opinion of N.T Wright..................?
Non Believers, do you know Christian's used to be the same as you, why did we change?
Is This A Crush, Love? Please, Need Help!?
Do you skype with people you meet online?
How do I be more girly?
Knocking on neighbors door?
Can someone translate this into arabic for me?
Religion & Lore: Before the formal concept of infinity was widespread, were large numbers a common stand in?
When someone calls the human body \inefficient\ & \unnecessarily complicated\?
Has one of God's sea creatures ever taken you for a moonlit swim at a seaside picnic?
What to do on my 19th birthday?
Why is my ex looking at lesbian porn?
Can one be saint if God doesnt exist? That is the only concrete problem I know of today?
have I blasphemed the holy spirit?
Would you define God's justice as social equality and God's will as His Love?
Did I commit the unforigvable sin? (Christians only)?
What are atheists even doing on R&S?
Why don't we change the mind instead of the body [transgender]?
Is being called cute by a girl a good thing?
Pastors and priests were some of the most respective members in society What happened?
Can you correct this letter please?
Do you like to wear pretty lingerie?
Valentines day gifts for him!?
My crush doesn't know I exist what do I do?
My brother who lives in a group home had game system stolen?
Is he gay or bi too? I need to know...?
how to convince my parents to let me go on a volunteer trip?
Would you beg people for money if you were a tourist and lost your wallet?
Help I don't understand my sexuality!?
Will I be accepted as a brony at school?
what is you're opinion on Muslims/ Islam?
In the year 2014, why are there still people living in poverty?
Negros these days uggggggggggggggggghhh?
What's the life expectancy of Americans by race?
Would you take it as an insult if someone told you, \Common sense would tell you...\?
How was the devil supposed to know that pride was a sin if sin didn't exist yet?
Is it strange being a male having a male massage thearpist ?
Does God want humility from His followers because God doesn't possess any humility Himself?
Who's stronger, Superman or Captain Marvel?
What better big butt or boobs?
Have you ever found existence giving you a reality check when you got too greedy, spiritually speaking?
Spiritual speaking is Movie 43 the worst movie ever made?
How do you seek God's justice and what is your definition of God's justice?
Is the Sabbath day really on Saturday or Sunday? Is Sabbath day only old Testament, or for today, as well?
Atheist: does 0+0=100?
Will athiests take the markof the beast?
Can you help me i like this one guy and i later find out he likes my best freind?
Isn't it haram and kufr to call angels as he when they have no genders?
Do my sentences make sense? I'm trying to improve my English.?
Where does the phrase \white trash\ come from?
Did early pagans really sacrifice children?
When will all non belivers understand that things will be gods way, And not their way.?
Im in love with another man!?
How do I figure out when my luck come with the information I receive?
Why do you think atheists are the group that give the least amount of charity...?
To the atheists who like Jesus, AS (because he taught peace)........?
Why are Westerners so promiscuous?
Risk of teen pregnancy drastically reduces after age 20?
What should I do for St.Patricks Day?
do you think charlie sheen is sober?
Is it ok for a Christian to watch Halloween and child's play?
What's non existence feels like?
Do you think the ghost sightings of Bonnie and Clyde are real? Opinions please?!?
Former Atheist: Atheists require evidence?
Guys: What do you like shopping for?
Which according to you is the most powerful zodiac sign and why?
French Speakers! Urgent... What is another way to say \Mille quatre cent trente et un\?
Where do you see yourself in 5 years time?
what does exposed mean?
Can you help me correct these mistakes?English speakers?
If you know that giving large amounts of candy to children is bad for them..?
How to be more dominant with my girlfriend?
You know how we know pro-life people aren't really pro-life but anti-choice?
Why do atheists make it seem as if the human life or even an ants life is nothing amazing to need a creator?
Why are mailmen generally so nice?
How do you figure out who you are?
What do you think of the paschal sermon of St. John Chrysostom?
Just because some has a car & drives, is that PROOF that they're mature?
Why am I targeted for Racism?
FTM Transition: Name change after start HRT?
Are bears ever bisexual?
Can reading/learning archaic English benefit ones general English skills?
Is Heaven within the realm of our physical universe?
What do guys think about make up?
Youtube partner needed?
FTM Transition: Name change after start HRT?
Why do people hate bronies so much?
Why is there something rather than nothing?
who has the best flag in the uk?
Russian bulleted text help needed?
Russian bulleted text help needed?
Really need help with Chem?
Many scientists believe that the serpent that tempted Eve was a Velociraptor and that this would explain the?
Guys Would You Date A Gentleman?
Why do people of a particular race think the opposite sex are obligated to date them naturally? and...?
Can an opinion be wrong?
Should I just give it time?
how can we deal with bad parents in society?
Have you been in Brazil's World Youth Day?
Why do Americans love guns so much?
Are most atheists immoral people?
Can someone explain what a poe is?
Why did the atheist dig his own hole?
Why does Jesus say in John 10:34 we are Gods if we are not always punishing ourselves subc. to become perfect?
I am going to be in Seville on my 23rd birthday what should I do?
To those who insist Christianity is essential for \nation building\,explain success of Japan, Taiwan?
does this sentence make sense english speakers?
Why did a Jew chew me out for citing scriptures about God being cruel and unmerciful in the Old Testament?
how rich is vatican's bank?
Dont you hate it when life has bad unexpecting things?
Spanish name for James?
When all creatures succumbed to temptation and became meat eaters did man have any natural predators?
How did I catch an American accent?
If I don't need god now, why would I need him after I die?
Is it possible for someone to have caught the Holy Spirit for three hours straight?
What are some animals that show God's design?
Why do i think too much?
?? ??=official document?
How has this situation worked out?
mohammed the prophet?
If less than 1/2 of American adults have college degrees, then what to what do most people do for a living?
How to say \break the rules! find your freedom! live your life!\ in italian? (?
does it make sense english speakers?
Why are people so rude to customer service agents?
how to use each as an adjective?
Is it possible for the universe to exist without a purpose?
Greek Goddess Aphrodite birth?
What would happen if I use a public restroom to poo and forget to lock the door or stall?
Ladies-what do you think of a guy owning guns?
Ladies-what do you think of a guy owning guns?
Do you find their is a lot of comfort showing atheists that there ways are misgided and their is another way,?
i have a question on prayer?
Atheists --> Morality is a man made concept. Nothing is good or bad outside of earth. Agree or disagree?
What does this Tagalog sentence mean: Gulat ka noh?
does anyone know any good valentines presents?
what does rabia symbol mean ?
Why might somebody think you should seek forgiveness from a human rather than God?
What? Ramadan..could all of you help me with this?
wescott and hort were they true christians?
what kind of guy is a bear?
What will happen about the dead sea and would this be a cause for peace and unity or divide and hate?
Does anyone know a real love spell that will work?
Are WHITE reverts treated better than non-white born Muslims?
Valentines day help!?(:?
If you are praying in public and don't know where the Qibla is, will your Salah still be accepted?
I just dropped Wellcare from SSDI, will I get new insurance?
Subjunctive in Spanish?
If someone doesn't know the Lord, where do they get their peace from when things are bad in their life.?
Why do so many Brazilians have English or English-sounding family names as their first/given name?
do all gays support and accept transgenders, and vice versa?
What? Ramadan..personally speaking?
Ramadan How can I tell when a guy is lying?
8 Months Old Christian: Have One Main Question Still In Doubt?
Why Did Allah Create Insects? Like Cockroaches And Spiders... D:?
Help on history project (Queen Victoria)?
what is Cote de Pablo doing now and why did she quit NCIS?
What will life be life after Jesus comes back?
Have you ever visitted Dildo in Newfoundland, Canada?
Please, somebody who talks arabic!?
how do you say \never forgetting\ in Latin?
Why do people put their hand on their mouths when something bad happens?
Is there a way I can hand out goods to, speak with or feed the hungry on LI NY?
How to say \break the rules, find your freedom, live your life\ in italian?
Is it bad if I see the Grim Reaper?
Christians how do you reconcile original sin with a 'not shoving it down your throat' stance?
Why are you not an agnostic?
a witch cursed my Godchild's baptism, how do I ask her to remove spell?
How long does the British royal family have to keep the gifts they receive?
Would you disown your kids if you found out that they were gay?
What are good books to read to improve archaic English?
We have a school field trip but I can't go because of my dads mental health?
Why are Muslims taught the Koran replaces The Scriptures?
If killing is a mortal sin, why did the Roman Kingdom/Republic/Empire existed for more than a millennium?
Experiences of god or hallucinations?
Are you aware that there are Ukrainian women still living in the ,,dead zone,\ near Chernobyl?
How does an employee react to an abusive customer?
Urgent? I need to sneak something?
If you disappoint your father does he punish you for it for eternity?
Do libraries, bars and grocery stores attract bad energy?
Can I say \As falls the dusk\?
paid porn websites in high definition?
What to do on a 44 (112 farenhite approx.) degree day?
What happened to the days when the strongest man used to get all the women?
What is a one-word synonym(s) for \to be indicative of\?
im a guy and i really like my straight guy friend?
The clock was winding down? Please help?
Where should i go for my birthday?
reasons for volunteering?
guys or girls give me ur honest opinion?
grain-drunk pigeons? Thank you very much?
Why do people need the prospects of an afterlife (reward) to place value on this one?
Do you need proof by others standards that you truly exist?
Is it okay to lie about your hair colour?
How did you pick your username?
can you correct my grammar, english speakers?
where can I get a oujia board?
Why do Americans have such racist jokes?
need help with dragon story?
Any good date ideas in Big Bear?
How Can I Lose Weight The Islamic Way...?
Dwarfed by his boat's prow of a nose? Thank you very much?
Why did Wendy and Lisa go gay?
Guys Would You Date A Gentleman?
What is an amazing perfect Valentines Present?? Please answer, 10 pts for best answer!?
How do you know your christian god is the real god?
Cost of German to English Translation?
I'm afraid of becoming a horrible person?
Have you ever given blankets to the homeless to keep warm against the winter nights?
how fst can the average person copy something by hand?
Christians do you know that this scripture is as valid for us today as the day Isaiah received it from God?
An English question, please help?
Aren't you afraid to \mock Jehovah God\ when scripture tells us what happens to those who do?
How dumb do the radical Muslims think people are?
Please explain to me what it is about religion that makes people stupid and so full of hate.?
what americans think british people say but they actually don't?
Why would my GF be so insensitive?
Please explain to me what it is about religion that makes people stupid and so full of hate?
Could Barack Obama be Nostradamus third anti-Christ?
Doesn't this just make you feel good about how God turns the bad into good with teens all over the USA?
Do you like to wear panties?
In what ways are we just like God?
What's the point of being at church on Sundays?
How can we thank God for our blessings?
If the Majority of Muslims Are Peaceloving People, Do We Really Have Anything to Worry About?
How do you talk to a girl that know you like them?
When does stefan from the vampire diaries stop being a ripper?
Is it racist to think people should speak English?
If god was all powerful, why wouldn't he make himself known?
should I ring her or knock on her door?
Moscow time is three hours ahead London times could you correct this sentence thanks?
How does the holy spirit show god intervening in the world?
How we name dates in English. thanks?
what to talk about with friends?
How does one differentiate between an animal and a monster?
I wanna go to study at London.can somebody tell me how to improve on my talk and written english please?
Brothers: would you consider marrying a girl who doesn't know how to cook?
Who is to blame? I need an honest opinion?
What dose the bible say about having anyother \form\ of sexuality exept for hetrosexual?
Do colleges inquire where you volunteer?
Why do people spit in the street when others are around?
Are there no true christians today?
How do you deal with a prejudice lecturer who keeps marking down your well researched work?
i want to learn french,how do i start?
If you found out that you have magical powers...?
Can somebody help tranlate the SM online audition instruction page?
How do I say this in german?
how do you say this in spanish?
what country is hosting this show?
Help! I love to wear women's underwear, but how do I accept that part of myself?
If a person dies a gruesome, is it really God's will?
i need astral travelers help please?
Why do Blacks call each other the \N-Word\, but get offended when others do?
I don't no what to do?
Why are Mexicans such bad drivers?
How sure do you have to be about something to accept it?
TRUE Christians... if Christ called 'God' ALLAH, and Moses knew HIM as ELAHIM.. then what?
Atheists...............?
Why are people like me (who are anti-gay) looked down upon?
When Jesus rose from the dead, the rest of the town had Zombies rise also. Where did they go?
Why do Atheists use the term \strawman\ so much?
How does Odysseus convince his son that he is his father ?helpppppppppppppp please?
why was life of brian given a R rating in the USA?
What are the best stores to buy Drag?
If someone today performed jesus' miracles, wouldn't you assume it was a magic trick?
Islamically what are you supposed to do when your fed up?
Could Jesus's teachings about \Heaven\ and \Hell\ be metaphors about evolution?
To all Christians claiming that homosexuality is unnatural and sinful?
What is the difference between a Bong, Pipe, Bowl?
How come the USA has no federal program for PAID maternity leave?
Does God want there to be different religions?
Does praying help you get a husband / wife?
To all Christians claiming that homosexuality is unnatural and sinful.?
How are Mormons supposed to get married?
how should i use the word culprit?
I am an gay man but I hate some gay men. Am I Homophobic?
How does the iCloud float when it's always syncing?
If God forgives your sins, then why can you still go to hell?
If people from the future don't go back in time to visit us a proof that there is an end time?
If people from the future don't go back in time to visit us a proof that there is an end time?
Was famous atheist Bertrand Russell correct when he said....?
Why do people think satan is so bad?
French speakers out there help meee?
Why am I not \girly\ around my girl mates?
Why is god cool with slavery?
Help lost a bet with gay friend?
Hi can you answer this please?
Who is the Great Arquitecture?
Should I stop acting this way?
where was the first dead man found?
Listening comprehension problems. Will you help?
I must tell you, I’m not a believer………….?
Are all types of Gelatin haram?
Am I lesbian, bisexual or straight?
Christians how did god?
A question about life attitudes in the United States?
Does the bible not condemn child molestation because they actually condone it?
What to get on 17th birthday?
second interview with same person, second thank you letter?
Did you know that there were people who feared to climb mount Olympus because Zeus might smite them ?
If, as the Bible tells us, EVERYTHING is determined by god, even if we believe in him or not?
Do you believe in fate?
If God is a Trinity and Jesus is part of that Trinity?
Is marshmallows halal?
When does our spirit enter our body?
Have you slaughtered and drained poultry or livestock before?
How did Mohammed contact his other wives in order to get permission from them to marry Safiyah ,,,?
Gay guys: Which guy would you go for? As many answers as possible please, I can't decide which guy to date?
Why do people say I CHOSE bad doctors? How in the h*** would I know there crappy?
How to say \ I do rock climbing\ in french?
Isn't it OBVIOUS? Cant you see?
[English grammar]\My family\ has or have?
Atheists, Christians which man is a thief?
How to make my female cousin more comfortable being nude in front of me?
What's so horrible about being a receptionist?
How to tell my Mother I don't want to be a Witch?
Why does everyone get along fine on here apart from the atheists/materialists?
Survey: who believes that Nine eleven attacks did not cause the 3 skyscrapers demolition?
Tell me please, how does God…………?
Christians, atheists which man is a thief?
How do i find out if hes secretly gay or not?
What are the biggest reasons why people reject JWs When they come to their door?
Why do some religions agree with first cousin marriages ?
LGBT: Why exactly is Philadelphia so awesome for trans people?
Do Jihadis get upset when Infidels use their Qu'ranic/Arabic words?
I'm kind of awkward?
what is chakra exactly.?
the Catholic Church, is the POPE God on Earth?
Should I be afraid of God?……..?
Yes or no: Do you think a person is ugly if you say nothing?
Why aren't Christian churches more clear about who really belongs to their denomination?
Rebecca black or justin bieber?
Girlfriend dresses like a guy?
Did Jesus escape Roman vengeance, and flee elsewhere?
Website for meeting new people when you just moved to a new city?
Is this FRENCH translation correct?
Why are most christians raised being told that all other religions worship the devil?
What is it called when someone believes in more than one religion?
What the heck is Non - Rabbinic Judaism?
Christians, when did the Earth stop being flat?
Why does God create sinners?
If god created only Adam and Eve, does that make us all descendants of incest?
Christians: How old is the universe?
The Russian Sleep Experiment Explanation?Is It True Or False?
can someone help me with latin?
Is it imperitive to use the masculin and feminin \the\s in German?
Can an atheists have sex just for Altruism?
How do I improve my faith with God?
If Adam and Eve were the first people, where did Cain go?
Spanish speakers, help me please?
Has anyone noticed that there are people who think that if we don't have writings older than 6000 years ?
Which language to use?
europeans are really brainwashed?
I love my parents, but will my transsexuality hurt my relationship with them?
I love God but I don't think he loves me?
If god is unchanging then why has he changed?
Guys Would You Date A Gentleman?
Spiritual speaking who is the best wrestler never to win a championship?
If god was all knowing..?
Muslims, when Mohammed split the moon, why weren't there cataclysmic events on Earth?
Trouble understanding british accents?
When should I receive my I.D in the mail?
Why would the christian god care about petty things such as...?
If you could invent a religion, what would the beliefs be?
Christians would you be scared of this during the daytime?
PLEASE! Could someone with knowledge of German language help me by translating these 2 lines?
Why is the christian god homophobic, racist and sexist?
Do atheists know that God always reveals himself to those who sincerely seek him?
What if a Christian kills in self-defense?
Atheists, why you dont let Parapsychologist to clean your Rectal Chakra, yet you let Paramedic´s Reanimation?
why dont I like movie hero(s)?
Are you aware of history of violence & corruption by Buddhists?
The Universe created by God?
Why do I feel less transexual (effeminate) due to this ? (plz help)?
Are the Irish considered tough in the US?
Atheists, when did I claim that God exists?
Need A advice about a costume...?
muslim men do u feel threatned of successful women?
Is it common for strangers to come to your house and ask if you would like certain services?
If God is not real then answer this.?
What is your opinion on agnostics?
Is any biblical prophecy coming true today?
Atheists: Dont you realize that the Big Bang is just as silly as a God with no beginning?
SPANISH SPEAKERS PLEASE HELP \do you like his bowtie?\ in Spanish?
You enjoy the magical traditions from around the world?
Is it haram to admire a man's beauty if you're male?
Grammar Help...Please ?
Did anyoe know jesus visited england ?
Athiests, if weight is = mass x gfs then why do boats float which such large masses?
What do you think about Nigeria making homosexuality illegal...it was in the papers today?
Do you think Christian martyrdom will come to America soon?
Buy Indian Republic Day 2014 Parade Tickets Online?
Why do people hate on people who are in shape?
Atheists if you were able to contribute a verse to a Rap Song, would you take on your foes with prose?
Athiests, we have a moon so we can see in the dark, you cant explain that?
Is it okay to pray to God for help with school work?
What scripture is go give me strength?
Why would my son go back to this? Long but Please read?
Why is it called the Eiffel Tower?
Would you say that you fear God?
How do Christians feel when an Atheist reads the entire bible and it only strengthens their atheism?
Are Christians required to invite the homeless into their homes, even if they are drug addicts?
When will the West copy India the East ( fully )?
Christians : I'm in love with someone at my church but ....?
What is my sexuality?
how do you make an emphasis in portuguese?
When you ask someone to come at your house for example, do you say \at me\?
How do I say, 'I do therefore I am' in Latin?
That means having the map of Israel on my penis?
Were catholic priest child molesters attracted to young boys before they became priests ?
Sister says she's bisexual?
Since I can autoclave bacteria does that mean man has dominion over bacteria?
Don't you love christians who accept evolution ?
Jehovah witnesses please answer two witnesses in revelation?
Can you correct these sentences please?
Have you ever felt it isn't a right time?
Why is it not ok to be racist to african americans?
Do you not care if you're not popular at all in high school?
Is it true that many people acquire different religion than hindu but not on paper?
slang: He rolled her. What does this mean?
Where can I find transsexuals M2F in England?
Do you ever see portals to the micro worlds?
Can we base all our knowledge on one book?
How can one say that the bible is proof of God's existence, when humans wrote it?
what race are people from spain?
Did the american indians smoke marijuana or tobacco in their piece pipes?
Clothes in medieval time...?
(10 points) What is \transgender\?
Being freed from the Self. Do these words ring true to you as a regenerated believer in Christ?
how can pakistanis listen to this guy????!!?
How do they keep the blood from rushing to their heads?
Girl say's omg when she sees you?
Do christian evolution deniers seek information about evolution from sources other than creationists websites?
Christians, have you ever downloaded music, movies or eBooks for free instead of paying for them?
What does it really mean to you as a Christian to be a member of the Body of Christ?
(10 pnts) From straight to gay?Can it happen?How?
Really need help some one please answer this? I'm bisexual and need help?
Question for Christians: Why do I feel stuck?
Okay, so if God made everything, who made God?
Why is it a violation of Yahoo Answers to ask a Question about Jesus Christ?
Why is Hajj compulsory?
What Is The Best Online Option To Learn Norwegian?
does Chinese use the characters that are also used in Japanese kanji?
Latin: which form (noun) follows \ut qui\?
Psychics, when will I have a baby?
Why was Elizabeth I of England such a barbaric murdering monarch?
I went to a Christian Hell House and now I'm traumatized. What should I do?
Is this still considered a Black Hispanic?
What kind of connection do you feel to other regenerated believers here on R&S?
Do you think most people are?
Can you name some spanish foods please i need this for omework?
Spiritually speaking, does calling something \truth\ make it truth?
What should I do this year for my 17th Birthday? I wanna do something fun and not the boring.?
How do you say these numbers in French? Words?
Volunteer with large animals abroad companies?
What proof do we have that God really exists?
why is Faith Freedom Intert. suspended?
Have I just experienced proof of God?
French exam help? One phrase?
Need a strong word (name) for our metel band?
Why do conservative Christians think gay casual sex is better than gay monogamy?
What do you think about prostitution?
Trying to learn Japanese. Is this method any good?
Which is more important in a discussion on religion, being right or being respectful?
Who is the closest living descendant of bonnie prince Charlie?
Fellow believers in the Lord Jesus, how do we \ keep \ this?
what to wear on valentines day in middle school?
Should I have tipped her? Nail stylist person?
\Atheist troubles.\ I need some help?
Is the way my family talk to me patronizing? Or is it another word? (10 points)?
People who have anger issues?
Have you ever personalized the word of God to yourself when reading it?
Are any Teens that are gay or bi 15-17?
Does God really love us when He chastens us?
What is similar to Ayahuasca? Can you make it yourself in the United States? I'm just wondering!?
If the \Holy Spirit\ lets Christians know what in the Bible is for \teaching\?
would a movie about a catroon taco that fights crime really sell?
If God doesn't exist, how are atheists able to have a moral compass or define good and evil?
does any religious organization have the right to tell another human who he can and cannot show love to?
Did the world really end in 2012 and we are just pretending it didnt?
HELP! Guys I'm confused, am I thinking right about myself? :-(?
What would you do If you went to school and the students kept competing with you?
where can i learn witchcraft?
What are the chances of Phil Robertson being the grand marshal of a gay pride march anytime soon?
How many Christian denominations in Bangladesh?
will anyone tell me how to learn spanish?
Who do we blame for the current state of affairs as it pertains to religion & spirituality .?
Most speakers...........?
Should a black person avoid accepting a promotion in a position that usually all white to avoid being labeled?
Have you been seeking God to be Filled with His Holy Spirit, the Baptism of fire, speaking in other tongues?
Women Of Royalty/ How to hear from God?
How exactly does gadar work?
Does God love people who practice witchcraft, casting spells on others, taking revenge on others ?
Where in the Islamic scriptures does it explicitly state that a muslim man needs to get permission from ...?
Do you think Charles and Camilla are happy?
early Hinduism strictly restricted endogamy. then why , d marriage of arjuna & subhadra s told in Mahabharata?
Are Traditional Marriages and Gay marriages equal under American Laws?
Catholics, what do you think of Father Barron on youtube?
If \thug\ is a racist code word, is \token\ also a racist code word?
Is the Old Testament a laundry list of Yahweh's hissy fits?
how to use fateful in a sentance?
Why do people think the world is ending?
How popular is the Hazel Tree in USA?
what should i do ? ):?
Europeans, what is your opinion of America?
Should I blog in roman English or in broken English?
LGBT rights in Myanmar?
Christians: Why in Isaiah 12:2...?
Christians, Buddhists, Atheists, what do you think of THIS weirdness?
How true is this saying?
Why is Christianity declining rapidly in advanced, educated & secular societies of the Western countries?
Do muslims believe that a male muslim can have as many wives as he wants .......?
Mixed signals from this guy I'm dating, help?
Is it possible to color your semen?
is there any religion that teaches you how to defend yourself against god?
Does it always happen like this?
Am I cradle robbing these kids?
What is my sexual orientation?
translate this into Hindi please?
Why would an \all-knowing\ god drown all living things KNOWING?
Valentine's day gift ideas!?
Is There Any Evidence of Jesus outside of the Christian Faith?
Atheists: What they should do with your bodies after your death?
Any native German speakers?
Best books on Protestantism/Catholicism?
Why do you believe Islam is a respectable religion?
I like a guy, but he called me his sister? Should I still tell him, I love him?
Why do I have to lose the best boyfriend ever just because his friend is so dumb?
How important is it for you to stay looking younger?
Christians: would you accept a gay union with every single right of a straight marriage...?
is allah the most efficent?
i would like to know if a woman who wears a niqab can show her face to her close female friends?
how to impress my girl friend ?
Do you love life and how amazing it is?
Ramadanians, how did the annual \No pants subway day\ go in Islamic countries?
What kinds of things bring out the beast in you?
Do you agree with this verse from the Katha Upanishad?
what are the main pillars of Christian belief?
Why dont some see that just because Islam is one way in another country doesnt mean the US will be like that?
Never been able to masterbate plz help?
what is good jewey for a male to felmale cross dresser?
The sexy meaning of bhabhi in Hindi?
How to keep from going on a school trip?
Without changing the story of Adam and Eve, I can make the serpent the hero?
ramadan.. What are good deeds in the eyes of allah?
If evolution is true, where the monkey-men at?
Christians: Is your God male?
Is There A Dua (Supplication) To Help Ease Pain?
Christians: If you were born in Afghanistan do you think you would worship Allah?
Are you tattoed and peirced?
What is a good gift to my brother on his birthday?
Do you see God in the giant red sun sinking down the horizon beyond the calm blue sea?
Do these senteces make sense? someone correct this pls!?
do people have more respect for murderers than suicide victims?
How can you discredit the whole evolution theory because some evidence has been shown to be fraudulent ?
Is it haram in islam to go to a christian school?
Spanish question? Easy?
how should i say that in English?
Spiritual speaking is the Lone Ranger worth renting?
Advice for an atheist in a debate against a spiritualist?
What is the stereotypical british accent that americans think all brits have?
Is it true that multilingual people are easier to persuade when you speak to them in their native language?
Really nice names for a new muslim male convert?
please please answer my question... xx?
Is Gender equality a MYTH?
Which religion and its followers get the 'cry baby award' when you point out its absurd rituals?
Muslims: If a person develops a mental illness as a teenager, does that mean that Allah is punishing them?
Easy spanish question?
As you say Allah forgave Adam & Eve of their disobedience?
Explain why Christianity become so successful religion in terms of population?
How did God decide which part of the Jews should be cut off?
Have nephlim bones really been discovered?
Christians, if Adam and Eve is \allegorical\--then why do you bother?
How does Jesus like his chicken?
ideas for what to do for my Birthday xx?
Why am I different from other boys?
What if the Muslim claims about the hell and other things came true?
what iz meant by holy smoke ?
My nan came to visit me?
religion. Do you believe?
Why doesn't it hurt my eyes when I look at a picture of the sun?
How do I use weil GCSE German?
What is your religion?
Christians can you tell me why you do not make fun of Gods face and him being the only one good and holy?
Will religion finally become extinct?if yes then when?
If doctors can someday uncover the secrets of curing leprosy, should we worship them like we do Jesus?
To SECULARS: Why do you think there's NO GOD?
Ramadan:How do you feel when a Muslim pronounces Arabic worngly?
Boyfriend stopped texting me during a conversation and masturbated?
Why are smokers inconsiderate and smoke around pregnant women?
how do you say \because im shadow\ in LATIN? thx<3?
Hi I think I'm gay but I can erections from women i?
i REALLY want to go to heaven can i be drowned while being baptized?
Does the Moon have its own light?
I think black in America should be call Black American or African American. what your point of view?
Atheists: If God showed up at your doorstep tomorrow and planted a tree in your yard..?
Can anyone tell me what these Chinese characters mean in English?
I Want To Be Anything But Gay Help?
If evolution is true.......?
Did dragons once exist? What are your views/thoughts?
How do you say \god is my guide\ in latin?
Relationship problem! Can you please give me your honest opinion?
Why Are Sweden's Borders Open To Muslims ^_^?
Atheists and Christians how do you achieve your inner chi?
How was the universe created?
Guys Are Disablities A Put Off?
Does God punish people when they do naughty things so they learn from their mistakes?
you shall not make for yourself a carved image, or any likeness of ANYTHING in heaven?
Which bible verse speaks about the poor man who gives to others money he does not have is more valuable than?
[Japanese] Why is Rosetta Stone always using the -Te Form?
Does girl of my dreams like me or is it a one sided crush?
What do people who rebel against God usually like to eat?
when i was at thomas downey high school when i first went there i felt nervous around other teens?
What religion is this: Light Candles for the Dead every Friday...?
I dreamed about the devil?
Is corporal punishment wrong?
Must science go beyond science?
If a catholic priest that is a child molester hears your confession can he still give you absolution ?
Can u guys do a survey for me please?
Do Christians really believe that someone was eaten by a whale and survived?
Without God, does a person lose a sense of direction?
Does prayer make you more likely to survive something tragic?
Are ghosts real?.......?
Should I change the Siri language or the System language Into Chinese (Mandarin)?
What do you think about this catholic priest?
Who creates the caste system ? Which comes first, hinduism or caste system ?
Is Jesus Christ promised that if you follow him you will be persecuted true?
do you think i should go to a invite only party?
ramadan.. What rights do fathers have in islam?
How on earth there is too much advance science in Hinduism?
psychic medium tell baby's sex?
'This pic is very beautiful' Please say this line in high end english?
hate those people who can do their stuff but still seek help of others all the time.. am i rude?
Are Humans really seen as equal in Christianity?
If you were God and you were planting trees for humans not to eat from, what abilities would they grant?
Do Christians honestly believe Hitler was an atheist?
my daughter was hit by an elderly couple there fault her insurnace had just canceled the week before?
How do i say my French Colors in french?
Why do most people believe in God but don't go Church?
what is \where\ in \Where are you going?\ in grammar.?
German: About 'wollen' and 'gewollt'?
I got a problem when writing in Arabic...?
Is This A Crush, Love? Please, Need Help!?
Is this a real myth or just something my mom told me?
What should I do about her?
Is a Non Trinitarian Christian an oxymoron?
Where can I find out where someone is buried at?
Which atheist would you elect King of the Universe if you had to pick one?
My sleep paralysis story?
Two the same persons.?
Dealing with Homophobia?
I rush through everything.?
Ramadan-Is there a surah I can say to help me concentrate on my Education?
Who do christians pray to when atheist hoodlums run amuk with iron chariots in their neighbourhoods?
Creative Ideas For Wrapping...?
Numbers four summary?
Can a person believe that the universe was created without believing in a god?
Do you believe we will grow out of religion?
Im not sure if im bi or not?
Non-Christians!! What do YOU believe?
how many men find themself looking at womens toes? do you find this a turn on?
Gays:- Is it harmful to finger your partner's anus without a barrier?
I don't know if I'm straight, bi or even lesbian?
What is up with this \New Age\ Christianity that claims \hell isn't real\?
What would you do if people on yahoo answers posted a link to your twit pic?
Do you agree with the Bible that there are laws that govern the heavens?
Atheists, Muslims, Christians, Jews, Hindus..... What are the similarities?
Hi, i'm trying to learn english by myself, could you please give me any advise?
How many people do you consider to be a long line up?
What are organizations that go to hospitals and dress up?
can christians just ignore some of the ten commandments and nothing happens?
What is the greater crime?
can christians just ignore some of the ten commandments and nothing happens?
Which is the best valentine gift for my drummer bf?
Did you know how easy is to disprove evolution ?
What positive message is conveyed at Isaiah 1:16, 17?
is this a succubus or a girl?
Hey, would any of you Spanish talkers help me to translate the following from English?
when did the census of Quirinius take place?
Why do Muslims say science proves the Quran is true?
What does \Denjin\ means in Japanese?
What do you think of Italy and Italians?
How is prayer different for those living under the new covenant than it was for these living under the old cov?
I need to know some things?
What is \Christian Science\ it sounds like an oxymoron?
What do you do when a guy gives you flowers?
Why was it a bad thing when the crusaders kicked the Muslim invaders out of Israel?
Has the title \Christian\ been given lightly?
These types of questions must be seriously examined, Is the Bible truly God's Word?
how do apologize to someone without saying sorry or stating any regret?
Do theists study biology, chemistry and physics?
Do you religious people believe in evolution,Because that is how the world works?
Would you rather have Facts or Faith?
I want to become fluent in english ?!?!?!?
Is this a good excuse to not give someone a ride?
I think my brother is gay.?
Where can I find German speeches audio to improve my German ?
Does DNA prove common ancestry or common creation?
How can I tell my girlfriend is cheating on me?
Am I a strange female... since I'm not like the typical female?
how can i join a free volunteer organization in europa?
***Oral sex, first date, I feel used.. did he use me?***?
When r de writn jamb?
Spiritually speaking, how common is it to possess a Lilim as a guardian spirit?
Is this grammatically correct? Please let me know the right version of the following note.?
Check over my German Final please?
Which phrase is more accurate according to scripture?
Girls what would you do if you get swept off your feet by a strange guy in public?
Do you think science and religion can be merged?
The FBI has us under surveillance here. Who is the spy?
Russian language! Help!?
What's current day evidence of good and evil in the same body?
Does shaving imasculate men? Would clean shaven masculine men become God if the grew a beard?
What are the names of the angels mentioned in the book of Enoch?
Is it time to resurrect the Coalition of Glory?
Catholics, why St Luke didn't mention that St Peter went to Rome ?
Should we say E=mc^2 doesn't work because it led to the atomic bomb ... ?
Why was Homer s father so against his son s exploration of rocketry?
Christian, Does God still have a plan for Israel and if so what is that plan?
Are there angels who walk among us?
How many Seniors can stop at one potato chip?
ENGLISH SPEAKERS:\The Hell With It\ or \To Hell With It\?read more?
Have any sayings, when taken lierally in the English language, that really doesn't make any sense at all?
How is it that atheists/atheism is a major portion here.?
Greek Mythology quote meaning?
when is it the right time to come out when your family is religious?
What happened to your work clothes after you retired?
Who do Christians worship?
I believe that peace is in the hands of the beholder. are you willing to sacrifice for truth and space forever?
Do you believe in God promises in the bible?
Why the Pope Francisco irritates the traditionalist wing of the Vatican?
Name me one animal that man does not have dominion over?
Which is the sexy religion?
What does the dejarse mean?
How do I deal with this behaviour in church institutions and is it something that is motivated by jealousy?
The best advice you can give to anyone on this journey of life?
Cold lunch vs hot lunch at schools?
Is it better to visit bruges on a Monday or a Sunday?
Are you fighting back in the War Against Woden's Day?
evolution of the church as institution?
Can someone please yell me if these are spirts?
Can someone please yell me if these are spirts?
native english speakers plz answer?
Are atheists dishonest?
sex in Islam? serious answers only ;)?
How to enable translation of letters from English to Russian?
Why do Christians use the excuse \but Paul said.....\, instead of listening to Jesus?
All Religion Are Fake Or Real?
A few questions on UK Royal Marines during mid 1900s?
Should I turn away from my Christian faith?
\How is the patient today?\- What are the adverbs in this sentence?
reocuuring dreams about jesus?
Why won't black women accept that they love the white man?
How do I return to Christianity?
I'm not sure about Mtf?
Atheists: From what origins did the human race come?
Questions on 3 sentences (English)?
what is the most romantic way to say this in Spanish ? ( from a man to a woman) ?
Questions on 3 sentences (English)?
Is it a Christian teaching to use corporal punishment on children?
Can faith healers heal the sick and raise the dead?
Do you have to spank your kids because its in the bible?
What is the law of attraction?
Do they make anything like a daily bible devotional that isn't about the bible?
If Jesus had kids, would he spank them or use corporal punishment?
Do other Christians get stronger in their faith?
is it risky? or just go for it?
What can I do about a man with women problems that invole me?
You must pray, then, this way: Our Father in the heavens, let your name be sanctified?
Do you find it interesting how?
Which language should i learn?
Xians does blood moons in the Bible mean WAR?
Atheists, how many eggs do you eat at once, and how do you like them prepared?
Christians, and JWs. Do you see the correlation between YA, and the movie, Silence of the Lambs?
Is God real or not...?
What is an authentic Islamic country?
Why doesn't the Queen abdicate in favour of Charles?
Should people that are spirit mistakes kill themselves.?
Writing a myth about cows. Any good ideas?
atheists: how should i deal with my stupidity?
Could it be that the global awakening that is happening today and?
Is Jesus the son of Allah?
so If the moon turned blood red it's a sign that the rapture already took place?
How would you debunk this god miracle pusher/liar?
Why does Richard Dawkins only provide arguments?
Catholic Church violating basic human rights, Why authorities don't take any action against them?
What was the First \LIE\ ever told and do You still \believe it\ ??
What's the meaning of \yonde kuremashita\?
am i gay need an answer?
Few Questions about China?
Why catholic nuns need to cover their all bodies even in warm countries? Why do they need this discomfort?
Could someone translate this from Saudian Arabic to English? (Given below)?
Which girls of these countries are more likely to fall in love and marry foreigners( for instance non EU)?
Is the way my family talk to me patronizing? Or is it another word? (10 points)?
Does hell exist.........?
Is there ANYTHING I can post on Y!A that does NOT get reported?
tell your bad gift story.?
Why do demons spread belief in triads of gods?
I'm a 20yr old girl am I a LESBIAN??? PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE HELP need many opinions?
Christians, would you dump a friend if they are an atheist?
Do christians ever win arguments?
Is god now extra careful not to reveal he exists by not doing miracles like in the bible anymore?
Why do homophobic males have the highest level of involuntary homosexual impulses of all men?
3 questions on English?
Why aren't there more moderate muslims?
I need some advice on women problems.?
Does God want people to depend on government for food, clothing, shelter, and medical care?
The Evil Trinity Lie.....Why do people still believe ( As paul says demon inspired expressions) ?
What are you known for..?
Do you accept the gods of Religion are really alien scientists?
Would it help the fight against racism if we put a black man on the moon?
Do fundamentalist christians think they've lost the culture war in the US?
Is God actually an extraterrestrial!?
Why do some people psychologically regress as they get older?
Who can I be for Sadie Hawkins?
Was God eternal and timeless when He was invented 4000 years ago?
Does anyone know how to translate english to latin?
Japanese - Correct Kanji for ??? (????)?
Can a jinn rape a girl out of islamic religion ?
Is it ok to watch porn together and is it ok if you want to start Mastubrating?
can someone please help me with latin translations?
Ramadan: Why girls don't like maulana type of guys?
Will this be the biggest myth about the United States 2008-2016?
Hi are morgwr and Loch Ness related?
Can you please translate this Japanese sentence?
Being grateful for life means being grateful to the source of your existence...not..?
The new Pope Francis?
Wedding ring cutting middle part of finger in music video (ritual/symbolism?) Billy Idol - White Wedding 1:35?
What does she say at 0:05?
Will the majority of mankind go to Hell?
Christians! \Peter 2:18\? Hmm..? Well?? Agree or Disagree?
Are Islam and Christianity completely at odds with each other without hope of common ground?
Native English speakers who are very good at grammar, help please. :)?
What do you know about brahmins?
Are some people completely incapable of accepting the fact that just because someone has a different opinion..?
Christians: How do you feel about your god deliberately planning on other cultures going directly to hell?
Is Satan in hell right now?
Christians! \Jeremiah 19:9\ Agree or Disagree?
Isn't it true the first god was a shooting star that scared the bejeezus out of a cave man?
What is a good gift idea for my boyfriend?
Chinese speakers, what does this say?
Chinese speakers, what does this say?
My friend wants to know if pretending to have powers is against the Bible?
Christians who is your Favourite Muslim?
Christians! \Timothy 2:12\ Agree or Disagree?
What are your thoughts about Jehovah being God's name and JW's ?
Christians! Name one passage (or quote it) in the bible that you find the most disagreeable/morally repugnant?
Judaism the more legit religion?
Why is it that I feel like I'm both female and male mixed?
Should I volunteer in Africa?
Do you feel sorry for a gay person forced to live a lie by religion?
Is there anything legally, preventing Prince Charles from handing over the Duchy of Cornwall before he dies?
An atheist claimed he was grateful for the chance at life, I asked who he was grateful to?
Would a disabled person file for SSI or welfare? or both?
Guys (or anyone, really) Do you prefer me with long hair or short? (male, pics)?
Christians! What percentage of the bible do you actually believe?
Do the children of disabled person get a check as well?
Do you agree, we should work with nature not against it?
am I still enitiled to DLA if i live at home with my parents?
How long does it take to get SSI for a disabled person?
Are JW's Jews who have dropped an \e\?
who are the people jealous from your hard work ? some friends or siblings ? people near or far from you ?
l have had a letter ask me about mt bttalk phone?
Do you think people are basically bad or basically good?
Are witches real? Can they cast spells give powers ect?
Japanese translation help!?
Guess his ethnicity/ethnic background?
If vampires are real then what powers do they have? What kind of stuff do they deal with that humans don't?
Do you belive that Satan exists? (Devi,Evil,whatever..)?
How does \THE GOD equate to the Supreme God?
Would you be friends with a gay person?
What do Christians think the overall attitude here on R & S is towards Christianity?
Are real vampires the same from the tv show vampire diaries?like powers and ect?
Santinst help please!! or medium?
Santinst help please!! or medium?
Some questions on sentences (English)?
is only my Faith Freedom URL suspended?
Roommate problem! Roommate takes my food?
Are you at the mercy of nature? Or do you fight nature at every opportunity?
Do you ever have coworkers that seem evasive when you try to ask how their weekend is?
Do you believe you deserve an afterlife?
What's \Theism\? Is it some kind of seasoning?
Ramadan: Is it normal to think of dying so often?
what are the reasons why customers steal food from golden corral?
Lgbt: why do I get so mad when bigots mad dog me?
Why do questions critical of islam or Mohammed get taken down so quickly?
Why are Christians so humorless about their religion?
Do you think the German, Japanese, Russian and American psyche will change this century?
why my mother and sister always tries to distract me from my studies by verbally hurting me or by jealous ?
Should rapists get capital punishment with just a medical proof?
Some questions on sentences (English)?
Really need help please......?
Who are Wahabies? help ?
What would people do in heaven all day?
LGBT!!! Does the girl in this song die?
english translation of mang-aapi?
Why do people act weird or say weird things to get someone to start a conversation with them?
What does it mean : \ i pick don't sleep\?
Why did Mohammad ban art and music ?
How to be confident and fearless when speaking english? details below.?
I'm gay but in love with my best friend (girl)?
Christians If the sign of Jonah was in truth a prophecy about Emmanuel, what truth does it reveal?
What is the purpose of homosexuality in evolution?
LGBT: What do you think about this Article?
You are ugly if everyone goes quiet at the mention of it, correct?
why am I so socially awkward?
Does occult power exist ?
are most crossdressers bisexual?
Does occult power exist?
Why was the Southern Baptist convention created.?
A healing spell or ritual?
\ I will tell the God everything!\ Now I am asking YOU to think on ?
Can you help me with English please?
If a person with no belief in god(s) were to suddenly start to believe that God doesn't exist?
Can growing up be considered as a lifestyle change?
The Purge and there official Gov Website? o.0?
Dear friends , I was very interested to read bhagavad getha but i was heard some news about it in a different?
Why are them so rude?
Arabic to english translation please?
Hello!! Can anyone tell me what is the meaning of MA in group chats, Facebook, etc?? Pls help.. Thanks...?
If humans are either gay, bisexual and straight?
Am I straight or not? what is my sexual identity?
when the hell will girls be safe in this country?
Those who have read/heard of Prophet Muhammad actions and adventures, what do they think of his characters?
Need to run a base at Scouts- any ideas?
have/ have got? when do you use have and have got i'm a bit confused?
How many of Mohammed's marriages required divine sanctioning through 'revelation' ?
Do doctors record sexual orientation on medical records?
Are the Russians banning Jehovah's Witnesses?
What is the greatest thing the Native Americans contributed to the culture of the USA ?
how is yoga cultural?
Is it okay to be selfish?
Which language is easier to learn Finnish or Nynorsk or Bokmål?
I hate my ex so much, he makes me angry, what's the best way to handle it?
Atheists, is it hypocritical of you to support gays when they contradict Evolution?
Is it sin to be a belieber?
What does \looking for a CM\ mean in a CL ad?
Why do people think this way about Islam ?
Why are muslims so against gay people, but at the same time also have a gay sex trade?
\ I will tell the God everything!\ Now I am asking YOU to think on ?
Do neo vaginas self lubricate? (MTF Trans)?
Why do I only get jealous from the opposite gender ,but never from the same gender?
Why are muslim religion country's backward ?
Really fuc(kin hate Christians any advice?
What do I do about my relationship?
Is Britain a secular country?
Kissing my boyfriend?
How do you get morality from a god?
Whats my purpose of life? Why am I here?
Hindus, Who is the supreme Hindu god ( in your opinion) ?
my faith and my career?
Why does \God\ turn the other cheek and does nothing while churches cover up child molestation?
Banging noise coming from upstairs?!?
Jesus knew that the road he took would lead to his death. Did he commit suicide?
Can I call Jesus Christ?
Is it okay for Christians to be angry?
Would it be creepy or cute too send a girl flowers you barely know?
Is russia starting to scapegoat gays?
Should tipping be expected of the customers?
Lord of the rings obsessed?
Question for Muslims?
Did anyone do a true love in life ?
Is Prince William studying to become a farmer ?
My co worker confuses me?
Coming out and being wrong?
Christians, what is the meaning of Jesus' parable about the Talents in Matthew 25:14-30?
Atheists, what do you mean when you say nature and evolution does this or that?
Are you sexuality attracted to Mestizos/Mexicans?
How should I sit in a skirt/dress as I am very tomboyish?
Arabic text translation?
Did unicorns exist in the past?
why when they call people some put there phone on speaker why do they do that when theres people around them?
If Hindus were originally people who settles at the banks of river Indus, them why are Dravids Hindus?
A ques. to Pessimists, Existentialists or Nihilists?
what is the difference between amazing and excellent?
atheists, what is the guiding force behind the complexity and design we see in nature and universe?
Can somebody explain to me the holy laughter?
Trying to learn some basic Japanese, please help?
Why are there so many stereotypes?
Why krishna only possess universal form?
what is relationship?
Is it creepy or cute to send a girl flowers who you barely know?
Does the government do anything about religious fanaticism?
What can an aborted fetus do in heaven for all eternity ?
What do I mean to my beloved friends?
If you called into question Allah's Sovereignty?
Can an enlightened heart focus the minds energy for positive results beyond expectation?
Should my husband quit drinking and choose me?
I hate the Ghetto culture?
A suitable get well gift?
im tired of leaving in the ghetto?
Light a cigarette with no lighter?
If the NT is the word of god and important why didn't he give ppl tablets or have them write it down?
Do you think someone who prays to a God?
Why do 99% of Christians deny christ's 3 days and 3 nights in the grave?
Simple English question?
Is it possible that when we die we just stay in our bodies and we are just stuck forever?
Muslims: Why are you all against education if Muslims were at the top of Scientific advancement?
Why do some (not all, of course) religious people do bad actions in the name of their deity?
What unchained melody sings within Your heart?
Muslims: Why are you all against education if Muslims were at the top of Scientific advancement years ago?
Desperate Christians?
Not one person that ever existed on the face of this planet has ever come close to dis-proving God.?
If it weren't for Christianity don't you think humans would already be colonizing the solar system?
How can I rephrase this?
How can you tell if your being played?
Why Muslims are not replying if i asked why they tolerate a Rapist in Islam based on my experience?
What is it called when you have sex with a person and THEN kill the person?
Essay on religion and gay marriage?
Have you found God?????????
HELP ME..! what would have you done in this situation precisely?
Would you say the 'dead' are among us?
If Prince William isn't being marked on his studies?
Which is the better condition, to be in doubt, or to be in certainty?
Did God say don't throw eggs at people?
INTERESTING!!!! Do we have soul inside us or we are the soul inside body?
No Errors In The BIBLE?
What are your thoughts on Richard Melville Hall's documentary on the atheist dance movement?
Chrsitans, can you show where in the Bible Jesus himself instructs you take him as God or worship him?
What do I do about a coworker I've been having problems with?
LGBT: Remember when being a Nerd or Geek wasn't a label you wanted?
Can extremely loud and abrupt noises, like an ambulance siren, be a bad omen, like a warning?
Is it ok to masterbate after going on a chatolic youth retreat?
why do Jehovah's witnesses like to quote from the KJV?
I don't know anything about god and am about to start at a new Catholic school?
i just got this tablet for christmas it is a cruz and my app store app is always no conection?
In Christianity if the original sin tainted the world was the world created with the capacity to be tainted?
Why dont any dating sites put metrosexual as an option?
English speakers: Did not vs. has not mattered?
Can anyone identify this symbol and what it means?
What type of flowers should I buy her for valentines day?
Agreed that India and Pak are enemies, but shouldn't they support each other if a bigger war breaks?
English grammar question. Why are the objects that are compared in this sentence different? Is it correct?
Which is growing faster in the world, Christianity or atheism?
they may say that Jesus is fcitional but his message of peace, love anf frogiveness is the best of any god?
How to gain knowledge in Islam?
How can we prevent Justin Bieber going to prison?
Why is there still people that don't believe in science?
I want to get a sex change, but don't know how to come across it to my parents?
Can someone translate these hindi quotes?
can science find age of earth?
can science find age of earth?
What does it feel like to have an orgasm , and how can you tell its one ?
LGBT: What does Daltronn's Internet Fame say about Society?
Does the “existence” of a deity depend on its perceived activity?
what does the holy bible say that will happen on judgement day?
Why do I have such bad luck?
Is it bad that I made out with my whole friend circle?
How the soul is created by an act of God. It suffers in the world because of the original Sin. ?
Alot of celebrities go to the church of scientology?
Could fluent English speakers help me?
How can many christians find an explanation for every nonsense in the bible to fit with science ?
ENGLISH SPEAKERS:What Does \THE HELL WITH IT\Mean?Can U Give Me Examples About How It Is Used?
ENGLISH SPEAKERS:What Does \THE HELL WITH IT\Mean?Can U Give Me Examples About How It Is Used?
Should i go for this girl?
Should I bring anything?
For those who believe in evolution what are humans going to look like 70 million years from now?
Muslims and Christians if God is beyond of our ability to imagine then how we can worship?
What is a good job for a 17 yr. old?
why cant we all be happy and respect each others beliefs?
Jesus wasn't white with blonde hair and blue eyes why do people think this?
Need a native English speaker to chat with me?
Why do atheist complain about parents raising there children with reilgion?
someone make me christian?
Why does the Koran say that Adam was 90 feet tall ?
Most similar language to Sumerian is Turkish?
How much sensible/reasonable it is to believe in God despite knowing little/nothing about him?
Hi,which place born buddha?
Do you allow God to speak to you throughout your day or do you just ignore what He says too you mostly?
Why Apostasy is a crime in Islam?
When do you go to your Bible to read it?
How the World was Created?
Are there any tour companies or businesses that offer a one day fossil/geology tour from Agadir?
is that weird to say \ i like challenges\?(i like trying things that I've never tried)?
Advice? So embarrassed... Should I confront my teacher?
India !! What is the meaning for Salman Khan's support to Narendra Modi .... ?
What nations have religious law implemented?
What should I get 300 teens for valentines day?
What should I get 300 teens for valentines day?
Is theory Zuni language is related to the Japanese language crack pot?
Is god actually something natural, but not a god?
Am I being a jerk, or am I just voicing my opinion?
sexual attraction towards elder women?
Atheists, how do you respond to this?
Atheists..........Worried?
If you speak a more than two foreign languages?
Metalheads VS Emos whats the beef bros?
Who brought original sin?
But for now we are young, let us lay in the sun and count every beautiful thing we can see.?
Spiritually speaking, has listening to NeverShoutNever turned you gay?
Is the label \atheism\ a job? like: teacher, mother, retired university lectrurer etc?
GIRLS …What should we do for valentines day?
I believe in angles,to a point,degree,because when i was young (95)i'm sure i saw a triangle?
where did this youll burn for all eternity if you dont worship god stuff come from?
What excites you most in life?
What is this girls intention for me????????????
What are the side effects of bath salt and acetaminophen?
Are Americans generally not very mind-full of people in foreign countries?
English speakers, could you help me?
What if there was no religion in the world?
Can I keep my Disabled Adult Child benefits and Helpless Child benefits if I publish childrens books?
Am I being unreasonable toward my roommate?
What is, if any, the difference between the Abrahamic religions and occult?
The problem with asking \why?\ is that you should be asking \why not?\?
So why doesn't God tell people?
Why might a Spirit wear a necklace?
Do ghost followers on Instagram make you mad?
what religion do you practice?
If I am growing dreadlocks natural can I still get job corps?
Who would send a Royal hoax card?
atheists, would you be willing to face eternity in hell-fire for your intentional disbelief and rebellion?
Getting someone to God.?
Is it racist to think people should speak English?
When did Islam become a religion?
How do you know when it is time for you to get into a relationship?
When reality sucks why shouldn't we filter it through a prayer and a book and a priest?
Can u help me please?
translate the last part of this sentence?
How do I say these in Japanese?
Are the men in porn really good in sex?
Friends I am Jay K Dunn, new here, please help me.?
The Arabic Quran went unnoticed and unchallenged by the Jews and Christians for centuries. Masterstroke?
Is Tina and Aom (from YES OR NO) really dating?
What is the best way to hang up my flag?
Can a gay man become a good father?
I'm reaching for an abstraction but I can't quite make sense of it.?
Personality question.. Who am I?
didn't Mohamad say in the Ghadir day that Ali should be after him, then why did abo baker take his place?
Question about Christianity...................?
wat does this spanish sentence means? \Les huele la cola!\?
Marceline the Vampire Queen cosplay makeup?
Please convert it in english ''Deivanamam mahathwapedumarakate\?
just wanyed to sayyyyyy?
What were Japanese people doing in Mexico in the thirteenth century?
How would you satire a God that is perfect in every way?
Why are atheists angry at God for cursing them with original sin?
How is trinitarianism anything but polytheism?
number of workers who speaks both malay and mandarin?
A dry house? Please help me?
what exactly is a Methodist christian?
By their claim that Jesus is an angel, are jehovah's Witnesses also claiming an angel created everything?
Snoring up a storm? Thank you very much?
what would make you hate mankind as a whole?
People hermaphrodites or semi hermaphrodites can choose sex in the paradise of God?
Is the United States of the World a good idea?
I was watching a George Carlin Show and he claimed that 3 of 4 Americans believe in angels, can that be true?
Is it weird to personally hate violence of any type but love military tech, military history and strategy?
Walking grid patterns, please help?
Christians:Is God Warning Me or is My Just conscience?
Why do some masquerades as female here?
do you know this symbol's meaning?
portuguese help, \to leave\ \to go\?
Noah in hebrew? written and pronounced?
Christians can have friends in the world and at the same time not be totally friends?
I sexted…. what do I do?
The Holy Bible. Trying to find a verse that I read many years ago.?
Why when you have a girlfriend MORE girls want to talk to you all of a sudden?
Different translations of the bible?
Can I convert to Hinduism?
should i make my older brother as my youtube partner?
How to feel nostalgic?
How come when I sing Jesus Loves you to my Nephew he stops crying?
If all babies are made in sin, then, why its considered evil if a mother decides to exorcise her body of them?
I'm bi and so is a friend and I love her but she is taken should I tell her my feelings?
Should I be offended at catching my boyfriend masterbating to porn?
Norse mythology help. Which gods are Aesir and which gods are Vanir?
How does Islam view Atheism?
Would you say all babies are born 'demons'?
What are useful and daily words you should learn in japanese?
Please correct my grammar in english and convert in to advanced or better level?
Atheists, how can you live without the feeling of pertaining to your former death cult anymore?
Am I easy, or do I lead people on?
Is what nationality is considered white more opinion then fact?
What is the fastest and/or easiest way to learn Spanish and become bilingual?
Atheists: why do you need to see god to believe him?
how to motivate my boyfriend to be more loveydovey?
please...can anyone translate this for me ?? \ a ty por aguantarme carino t amo\?
How careful should one be when opening up a ' time capsule '?
Can't believe how strange it is to be anything at all.?
Will this love spell work?
If I read smut for money, will God understand?
How exactly does the sacrifice of Jesus Christ give salvation?
CORRECT GRAMMAR AND MISTAKES??
Why a minority out there considers wrong my practise of my Frotteurism religion inside public transportation?
ptvgirl i am a girl. so??
Is the ancient Celtic religion still practiced?
What prophecy did Mohamed prophesies or fulfill by bedding countless females?
What is the illuminati?
Parents having loud sex?
Have you already survived hell yet?
What should I do if I'm bi but want to keep it a secret from everyone??
How important is prayer to you ?
Im 22 years old, can any one give me a lover?
How do you tell the difference between a real homeless beggar and a fake one?
What prayer do you say at night to God ?
Can someone please correct my english and convert in to advanced level?
Should Canada, The US, and Mexico all be one country?
Do you wonder why we all uses expressions from comics and funny shows throughout our conversations?
I'm 13 and bi. Is this a good look for me?
Do you like Indian bhajans?
Why do people think they need to date/marry?
Is 'kinda' a word or not?
as a christian, is it okay to listen to artists who are illuminati?
When your thoughts turn to old memories that bring you down what do you do to cheer yourself up?
How do I prevent my son from getting circumcised?
How do I not look innocent?
Why we become bored of doing a thing no matter how interesting it seems?
When will atheists learn that this country was founded on Christian values?
what does (si tu eres mi papi) mean in englis?
Jews and atheist point of veiw.?
Christians can you explain this?
are there really 613 commandments in the old testament?
Jews Muslims and other monotheists do you consider Christianity monotheism?
? Setting up community organizations (CBOs) to extend decentralized and sustainable development benefits.?
IS THIS WEIRD????? SOMEONE PLEASE TELL ME!!!?
What is the underlying philosophy of taoism and buddhism?
Is this a legitimate enough reason for a school to issue a detention?
In Castilian...when does the d, c, and z make a [þ/ð] sound?
How do atheists find the strength to go on without thinking about Jesus getting crucified?
What is lumps in tagalog?
Is God really punishing America?
Why do you spend time here on R/S?
Do I look older than I am?
Kids calling my son gay, did I handle it wrong?
how you say in albanian \i can't wait to hold me in your arms?\?
Does it seem like Athiests are much more easily offended here than Christians? I ask because?
Do you like to send surprise gifts to delight them?
Dear Americans, if India and China go to war, which country will US support? India or China? And why?
Im 13 and bi. Is this a good look for me?
Pls translate into english_swapnathekal manoharaman jeevitham?
which religion is closer to Judaism? islam or christianity?
have you ever seen someone who makes religious beliefs look weird?
Problems on a few sentences (English)?
Spiritually how do you ask Jesus to protect your account being being reported by athiests?
can you correct my grammar english speakers?
Is Paul the main influence in Christianity?
Why are Christians against the morning after pill?
why are questions by Muslims usually immediately deleted here in R&S?
a few grammar problems?
Where do I start with religion?
Atheists, have you noticed that devout Orthodox and Catholic Christians adopted their religion from family ...?
Christians: what is daily life like for you?
Am i gay????? Just a year ago i knew i was straight now i dont know!!!?
Does a Muslim sin if he turns a possible believer away from Allah because of the way he insults the unbeliever?
Muslims, what would you rather do than leave your religion?
What are all the different ways of saying \Tell me what happened\ in German?
Have you ever converted someone or convinced them that god didn't exist? How hard was it?
what does it mean to dream about holding a baby?
Christians : If jesus came down from heavan and was not a christian...?
Is the \Good News\ that Jesus Christ preached & taught for more then Salvation and Heaven?
Can I safely assume this guy is gay?
What kind of life were you living before you got saved?
how do i relate to my husband?
Hyposexual, Asexual or Something Else?
Spiritually disappointed, I haven't seen Pascal's Wager for a while...?
When studying the Aleph-Bet should my letters be perfect?
Light women are unnatractive?
Was God surprised when people just learned each other's languages after the Tower of Babel?
Language arts help!(7th grade)?
What's with God making a tree of knowledge? Does he need to eat from it to be smart?
What does this verse refer to? Quran 38:88?
Why does eating Jell-O wake me up?
is it bad to get your cards read?
am i alone in hoping cloning becomes legal and some how they all are monsters and we have a world wide battle?
I truly thank God there is no God! Do you?
who translates this to me Spanish?
Seniors and bankruptcy?
Creationists, help me understand what kinds are please?
Did God act ethically in allowing Satan to ruin Job's life over what was essentially a bar bet?
Is this sentence saying what I intend it to say in Japanese?
Have Republicans taken over Christianity, or have Christians taken over the Republican party?
Why yahoo answers is bombarded by indian pimps?
How can I be a better Christian?
How do you live being an atheist in a Christian family?
why does life suck so much?
what should I do to get rid of multiple evil spirits?
Is Britney Spears an illegal immigrant?
What does this symbol mean?
I find girls more comforting?
Do Straight Guys Watch Gay Porn......?
I think I may be gay?
What can I tell my family members who say \I don't believe in the flu shot\?
Is there any humor in the bible? Or is it all very serious moralizing and deep meaningful allegory etc?
Is it hypocritical to say that all other Gods are idols and only Jehovah is the true God?
Question about the last supper?
If jesus existed in modern society how would he fit in? lol?
Why are children shooting up schools these days?
Why did god give me such a massive...?
What does irukkirathu means in tamil?
Christians, tell me how a woman being raped has free will?
Christian(s): Why is the word \homophobic\ such a stupid word? Ugh!?
What would this be called?
Boyfriends birthday.!!!?
After what God did and said in the Old Testament, how can anyone worship such an immoral, ruthless God?
Wht we say if any one say enna pandra?
lf christians have no ways to prove their god existance, then, how can they prove that lm not their god?
Who translated the New Testament from original Greek into Latin?
help me Christians!!!?
As unpopular as this idea is, aren't the Westbourough Baptist church just following the bible?
Anybody has experience with laser hair removal?
Muhammad a \prophet\ of God, how?
Christian(s): What do you make of an open air-preacher?
Seven Sleepers story in Quran? Same as The Seven Sleepers of Ephesus?
Question for Christians who believe they have a sense of humor?
After the God created heaven & earth whatever possessed him to have that idiot Moses write the story?
The Children of Israel wanted water while in the deserts of Sin & Zin, God told them to do 2 separate things?
Atheists, would you prefer to live under pure free market capitalism, or pure unmitigated communism?
Why do we need two lives?
Who do you think is the most responsible for preventing bullying and why?
Have you ever been reading a Bible when suddenly it occurred to you that God is a hypocrite?
Why do Christians confuse a stroke with feeling God's presence?
How to remember a loved one who has passed away on your graduation day?
How was the canon of the Bible selected, when and by whom?
How To Pronounce This Help!?
Does the FLDS Still Exist in 2014?
do this make a insane lost girl ?
Doyou believe that there is no creator?
Should I learn Esperanto?
Are you bemused or baffled by bible bashing bigots boasting bogus biblical bull? + BQ?
Does this make sense? It's in French, it's short?
Feelings For This Girl???
Atheists,since you think that sending you to an imaginary fiery incandescent place is an inappropriate way to?
Roses for valentines day?
do this make me a dirty looser girl ??
Russian writing issues?
Corrected a spelling mistake in our CEO's linkedin profile, will I get in trouble?
What could I do to make extra cash?
Should I tell my crush how I feel about her on valentines day?
Spiritually speaking are christians jealous of muslims because the muslims wont share their magic carpets ?
Why doesn't English have a term equivalent to \Bon Appetit\?
Will this be a good idea for Valentine's day?
Where do u think u go when u die?
Did the god have any other options in the way he designed human race?
Why, when I am telling a funny story, does my bf and his guy friends start talking over the top of me?
Spiritually speaking, is it sinful to be angry ?
Do You belive in God?
Nelson Mandela, Saved ?
How can the Bible say there was a first evening & morning when the earth is a ball not a flat circle?
Should you explain to BF you have slept with a woman before?
Why so many Biblical films this year?
Why should I not smoke?
Christians:Is God Warning Me or is My Just Conscious?
What is a good job for an antisocial person?
Can someone explain to me why you're not allowed to call something gay?
R&S: Around who do you feel secure enough to drop your tough guy/girl facade ?
What does this mean? German?
Why do Christian fundamentalists believe in a 6 day creation but not a flat Earth?
Are Jehovah's Witnesses in fear of disobeying an \Organizational\ rulership?
Christians, how can the Son be \begotten\ and still be God?
Chinese football has lost! What do you have in mind?
I'm a dude and this guy keeps looking at MY legs?! Help Guy/ Gay Guys?
Ramadan: How did you feel on the day of Milad?
Do Mormons have the capability of seeing their religion from an objective point of view?
I am going to be writing a thank you letter but I have a few questions?
Did God create Satan? Couldn't God prevent Satan from influencing mankind? Is it a conspiracy?
Are street gangs as much of a problem for other countries as for the US?
Should Bull chasing,ancient Tamil tradition&a symbol of masculinity,be banned or run with safety measures?
what is God's grace?
Why is it that people like to pick on me?
Earth and Paradise in the Quran. Do you agree or disagree that the Quran mentions earthly paradise?
Christians, how can God the Son be both begotten of the Father AND eternal?
What are some issues going in the world today?
Grammar Check! thank you!?
Christian(s) Explain, \...you are Peter and upon this rock I will build my church.\?
Spiritually: Can anybody guess what I'm thinking right now?
If you came across someone that was hit by a car?
In the European sense, what is rindfleicsh?
Is R&S a perfect example of the Culture Wars in the US?
What are there so many angry people and so much voilence in the world today?
christianity vs catholicism vs protestantism…?
How do north koreans make money?
Why are a lot of people suddenly skinny-shaming?
What should I call black people in writing?
Ramadan: Why knowledgeable Muslims fail to defend Islam and Muslims?
Is taking my bible to school a good or bad idea?
What wisdom is found by wearing your heart on your sleeve?
Are all dogs schizophrenic ? is that why they bark for no reason , or when nobody's there?
Spiritually in the zone: Is there really fate? Or is there just being?
My mom is really trashy? how can i explain to people why they can't come over?
Atheists, do you think your credibility when debating if there is a God goes out the window when you ...?
I have a complicated question regarding Adam and eve?
get incarcerated for plagiarized coverletter?
If the Jesus in me loves the Jesus in you?
I like a guy, but he's Indian? What do I do?
Native English speakers who are good at English, could you help me, please?
Worldly thoughts during salah?
Ever notice when a guy opens a door for you that he rolls his eyes sometimes?
What does the word mean means here. Could you explain in detail. Thanks?
Didn't Neruda write gay poetry?
California State Disability?
Christians: What did you feel while you were being saved and after?
Romans 1:18-32 accurately predicts evolution atheists?
Hispanic , Mexican , Or what?
muslims how did your devil come to be?
How can the God of the OT be the same as the NT?
Christians: What do you make of the teachings of Peter?
Does anyone see a good point in living?
Are children obese because of genetics or environment?
do tops not mind how it gets messy sometimes?
when god created the devil as angel in heaven did god know he was going to turn bad?
Was King David in a homosexual relationship?
Is there an institution more evil than the Catholic Church?
How to Come out to your parents?
How would you react if your mom shot your dad, then put on men's clothing and a fake mustache?
how do I tell my mom I'm bisexual?
According to one doctrine, 144,000 people are going to Heaven. Do the rest go to New Jersey?
Im confused why did he say this?
Can we all try Keep love in our heart. A life without it is like a sunless garden when the flowers are dead.?
so my boyfriend says im \something else\?
How do i move past consensual incest?
Spiritually digital: Is Yahoo Doomsday coming?
Is there any proof of any afterlife?
Why are hipsters so annoying?
Do Hispanic guys like Filipino girls?
Are christians really concerned about non christians salvation, or are they just being a$$h0les?
Someone help!!! These people are taking advantage of my grandparents! What should i do?
Why do so many people on here post a statement instead of a question?
Why are we Pakistanis and Indians from India considered White and not Brown?
Not everyone good goes to Heaven but instead the New Earth?
what should i do for my birthday?!? 13!!?
If God is all knowing then why did he create Lucifer?
Has the Athiest cult found the missing link yet?
What is the will play for food foundation?
I never had my first communion and I'm 17?
Where do I take my boyfriend's family and mine to dinner?
could i possibly be bi?
Do you know of any neat cults?
Does anybody know where to find a fem suit either in nz or Aus for my fiancée?
Help Queen Elizabeth?
You think my friend might be gay?
What is the liking of straight women, men, and transexuals considered?
Why do some ghosts ask for a life in exchange for treasure?
How do you define a \Christian\?
how to write yesenia in korean and why do they put a circle in the beginning?
Why do most ghosts ask for lives in exchange for treasure?
Is there any istance in the Bible of God doing something good and it backfires?
Why is Jesus given credit for being God's son when Mithra did it first?
I'm losing hope in ever being happy with myself?
Isn't religion a lot like explaining \Where do babies come from\ to adults?
what the hell i should do?
whats the best birthday gift for a girlfriend?
whats the best birthday gift for a girlfriend?
Please help. Where are the verses in the Quran about Ishmael's mother, Hagar?
What is the Mark of the Beast?
What is the difference between the second coming of Jesus Christ and his rise from the dead?
How do you know your religion is not mythology and so what?
God is first in my life...?
Why do some Christians say that Jehovah's Witnesses and Mormons are not Christians?
Spiritually: Is anybody else feeling froggy? I say let's jump?
Could someone translate this for me?
Spanish Grammar check?
vacation for two weeks in California?
Why did I have to be born in this shithole of a generation. Why couldn't I be born in the 1950s or 60s?
So, Christians, you just accept the justification of Paul's writings simply because?
Does hosting an exchange student count as volunteer work?
Writing a tactful letter to a deadbeat parent?
Jews, how difficult is it to learn Hebrew?
What are \anti-establishment views\?
Have you ever seen a gay marriage discussion in which someone compares it to pedophilia and bestiality?
How do I convince my mom that I'm not gay?
What is your pledge for the day of birth of blessed prophet?
Who is our spiritual mother, as mentioned in the Gospel of the Essene?
would you date someone who had a different religion than you?
Gift ideas for valentines day, any help?
Can people move to the wilderness and live off the land for free?
Do people realize that \believing\ something isn't the same as \knowing\ something?
How can I impress the kids I used to go to school with at the valentines dance??
How can I impress the kids I used to go to school with at the valentines dance??
how do i change my religion?
Is it insanity, spiritually speaking, by saying there is no such thing as sin?
I don't know how to tell my mom and dad I'm ftm transgender?
BOOK SMARTS or STREETS SMARTS???
Should my friend change his religion or not?
Spiritaully speaking, aren't the Nacirema the most backward people you'd ever heard of?
Stereotype names for girls with all guy friends?
What do Seniors think of the following ad slogan currently running on local TV?
Did people who followed brutal medieval Christianity go to hell, even though they thought they were right?
When it is God's will does that make abortion ok?
Is this not the weirdest church or what?
What does the saying \ Know Thyself\ mean to you?
Do you pay for your sins with cash or eternal suffering?
Why do people say that God allows you to go through stuff, so that you can rely on Him?
Do I have Brown eyes or Black?
Were religious figures Jesus, Muhammad, and Buddha real people?
Muslims - is this political Islam in a nutshell?
Muslims - is this political Islam in a nutshell?
Please use your psychic powers to tell me my future?
What was Emily Dickinson saying in \Safe in their Alabaster Chambers\?
Does one need a brain to join the LSD church?
what are the practices, rituals, milestones and sacred writings for Yoruba religion?
Did Christians design their concept of “sin” to be things they knew people would inevitably do?
Did you know Morgan Freeman is gay?
I have a big nose, and I'm always picked on about it?
can you please explain the difference between using particle ow and wa in japanese?
I dreamed that me and the kid chasing a black wolf, locked ourselves in the cabin and I looked in the keyhole.?
Beside Comming a lot more the next time you ejaculate, what are the benefits of abstinence in Males?
How come Adam and Noah's children could marry their siblings, but Moses' children couldn't?
I think i have a block?
How much do you tip a pizza delivery guy?
How do you rededicate your life to Jesus?
wh do i feel hungry when its fullmoon its like i crave only on fullmoon?
Why do all Mormons sound the same?
Isn't the fact that conspiracies are on the Internet and easy to find proof that they're not real?
Would it be a bad idea to learn Italian while I'm taking German classes?
How to deal with creepy guys?
what if neither god or the big bang isn't real?
Have Christian fundamentalists ever protested at Red Lobster for serving shellfish?
Is abstinence just as bad for the human psyche as promiscuity?
who is the Alpha and Omega?
Why has the darkness come?
What does it mean to be a 'mature Christian?'?
If god is real why do i suffer from anxiety every day of my life?
Do former R&S contributors who now interact together on facebook use their real names?
Christian parents, how do you keep your children brainwashed when they go to a university?
What Christianity is all about? How Do you convert to Christianity?
Have you ever seen a really good hot guy and then punished yourself for lusting after him?
Difference between Muslims and Christians reasons for believing?
im trying to raise money by selling a 2002 rare lego yoda?
Would you consider sleeping with a couple?
Arabic and Persian girls, how can i marry you?
How will the Westboro Baptist Church react if gay marriage becomes legal in Kansas?
Is Birdy (Jasmine van den Bogaerde) a Christian?
How do you say \rice and beans\ in Spanish?
Believers and non believers: What is the definition of anti-Christ?
do you say the sun glared at the village, or the sun glared on the village?
what does make a verb irregular?
Spiritually speaking, have you ever felt as if you were aloft in a sky chariot?
is there is a difference between a latino and hispanic?
Why do Christians try to pray reality away?
i like a guy but is he gay?
Whats easier to learn to ride, wester or english?
Has the atheism and theism debate evolved into a culture war?
I have a group job interview on Friday, what should I expect?
Christians do you agree that Richard Cheney is the one soul that Satan will come up to personally collect?
What can I do to P*** God off so I can get His attention seeing nothing else works?
Is this a sign of being gay?
why no one speak English in Canada?
Which pose you would like to see satan doing for his statue?
Are atheists/antitheists really all about logic?
How to tell someone I don't want a boyfriend?
Did Jesus teach us to pray to him or Him -- God?
How does ? work like ??/??/?? in sentences?
Was Hitler Inferior to Himself?
Will an alien land on earth Friday noon?
Muslims - Why do you believe God cannot have a son?
What do you think about kids getting homework done on this site ?
Is it true God can speak to you throw dreams?
My great grandma was russian does that mean I have some russian in me as well?
I'm in love with a TV character?
Is He Interested In Me (Gay)?
do you thinks this good idea for my a secret crush for valentine day. ?10 point?
How to tell my friend I'm not interested?
Is it a general consensus here that all prayers must go through Jesus and not directly to God?
why did gollum bite frodo's index finger off?
Is there something wrong with me? Why do I LOVE watching Christians make fools of themselves?
I am about to buy a car that is stick shift tomorrow...how am I going to drive it out of the dealership?
Muslims: Do you believe we are all Allah's children?
A question to all Jews on here?
What's your thoughts on bar church?
Poll :: Best streetwear hoodie to buy?
Does Jesus of Nazareth & his followers ever remind you of David Koresh & the branch Davidians?
Spiritually, do we tick clockwise or counter-clockwise?
How to have nature of Jesus and live like him on the earth?
does jesus really need to perform tricks to get people onboard?
Crossing boundaries for LDS Visiting Teaching?
Crowley vs Gurdjieff, who wins?!?
Why do god do bad stuff and get angry with bad man?
Christians, could you share with me how accurate you found this comment?
If I'm heterosexual, is it a sin for me to support equal rights for gays in the State of Utah?
So many of you ridicule Jehovahs Witnesses. Is that not one of the identifying marks of true Christians?
Am i being too crazy and jelous?
characteristics slavic people ?
atheists: what do you think of muslims that blame their rape victims?
Atheists,is this kind of secsular innovation you will use to confront the traditional magikal underwear?
Did God speak to me in a dream?
Could a fundamentalist Christian, a fundamentalist Jew and a fundamentalist Muslim be true friends?
what does crow means in a dream?
To Bronies: Please Help Me?
Was slain Texan singer \Selena Quintanilla Perez\ a Jehovah's Witness?
Native English speakers who are good at English, could you help me, please?
What would happen, (and does it happen?) if God left Jesus in charge?
A local church put up a statue of a man being tortured in public, where kids can see it. Is this appropriate?
Native English speakers who are good at English, could you help me, please?
Did you guys ever feel Numb? Like no feelings at all? No sadness, No happiness, No fear etc just Numb?
There is no evidence for evolution?
How proficient are the majority of Icelanders in English? (Calling all Icelanders)?
Christians, what are some of the newer churches arising that preach a different gospel than the bible?
What harm do people think gay marriage will do?
question to all religion and non religious people?
Muslims: Is it haram to dream about having a boyfriend?
Is there proof of an afterlife?
Do any of these bands have a member born in a spanish country?
Why do I look so different than when i was a baby?
Was slain Texan singer \Selena Quintanilla Perez\ a Jehovah's Witness?
Are there any theists on here that are majoring in science?
Why westerns people are like robots?
My friend said this should be proof for Jesus, what do you think?
Christians, why is it important to know what is happening in R & S re: changes there?
What are rebellious teenagers?
Is there any your religion refferencr?
What do you call this?
How do I keep a mentally challenged tween kid from my neighborhood from continually knocking on my door and as?
Spanish Help: \Anoche\ is at the beginning or the end of a sentence?
When people ask \If evolution is real, why does this human flaw exist?\?
What race am I actually?
Seniors; Have you had any problems/success researching on ancestry websites?
How can I get the most out of my bible study?
I Am a Major Christian?
Am i too jelous in the situation?
Why do Jehovah's Witnesses supposedly object to blood transfusions?
where can I make goth/emo/scene friends online, because all the sites I know are for dating?
Old Testament or New?
Are you for or against Gay Marriage?
Do true Christians live a stressful and boring life?
Where are all these evil, murderous atheists people keep talking about?
Paul or Jesus - who was right?
a question about gay marriage?
What do I wear to a memorial luncheon?
Easy Spanish translations?
Men in skirts? Why is this?
WHAT are you WAITING for?
how do I become catholic?
Does using profanity invoke Pagan deities, and make the Holy Spirit back up 7 meters?
In Spanish there are words in which you must trill your tongue. Are they any similar Heblew words?
why are jews more secular and progressive then protestant christians?
So I'm going through the darkest time in my life right now.....?
Is God really alive and infinite?
Can you explain this sentence to me in a way I understand?
When my boy friend said this to me, what did he mean?
Christians, does God have any moral obligations?
18 year old female and still a virgin:/?
Was testosterone the reason I did this?
If someone calls you a \Chaos Bunny\ ---- what does it mean?
What are those \personal experiences with God\ Christians claim to have?
How to live in Israel and become a jew in that specific and problematic situation?
is it considered prostitution if you get a handjob during a massage? what if the massage is free?
Christians: If gluttony is a sin, does it mean that all obese people are going to hell?
what are several advantages of a knowledge of the differing religious viewpoints of the world?
can you please write a vampire story?
What is the difference between God's will and fate?
Athiests, what do you think of Metallica's song Creeping Death?
Why does the Wordless Book have words?
pronunciation and if it is important to have British or American accent ?
Why does the LORD feel it necessary to spell his name in all-caps?
What IF Jehovah's Witnesses really were the true religion?
If God hates Marijuana then why did he create Cannabis plants?
Best lesbian porn sites?
Is there a German-English dialect in the english language?
do you ever feel like a guy sometimes?
Would Christians let me put up fliers in their church for secular counseling?
Spiritually speaking, Atheist how did your parents reacted when they found out about your apostasy?
How do you say 'This is how it happened\ in French?
What's the most embarrassing thing you have ever seen at church?
HELP SOS is this true?
How do you transelate \happyness\ in korean?
Atheists, how harsh/oppresive was the environment you growed up, that you acquired this defensive mechanism?
There's nothing wrong with loving a person who has done bad things right?
Is it common for people to disown their uncles after their mothers' die?
Potential names for FTM transgender person?
Does she like me or am i friendzoned?
Is God a man-made concept?
Did you know you make me feel like a natural woman?
What State of the United States folklore has the most legendary caractures and name them?
When did the Santa Clause tradition begin in the USA?
3 situations that prove Odysseus is a hero ASAP!!?
What countries in the world don't observe Christmas as a day off?
Do Christians smack their children when they refuse to believe in the Christian god concept?
Is the true gospel of Jesus Christ really taught in full by the church of Jesus Christ of LDS?
Who chose the date for Christmas?
A question for American blacks?
all my sexual/romantic dreams are about women i'm a woman too am i gay?
Why are some theists always asking questions about us atheists?
Do I have the right to end his friendship?
Why does my life suck??
Would you love to take a trip to Dubai, UAE, knowing premarital sex and homosexuality is illegal over there?
Atheists: Which religion is the best religion?
What is the punishment in Islam for hitting one's wife?
Could you please translate this sentence in French ?
Is He Interested In Me?
How long should my Christmas cards be to people?
How do I celebrate Christmas in a mature way?
What makes profane words such?
What requirements need to be met before something can be called God?
When did Christmas first get celebrated as the holiday we know and love in today's world?
What would this religion be?
LGBT: Think I'm Bisexual?
What does \La2 la2 enty masly el a3la\ mean. It's Egyptian Arabic?
There is this lady who i see sometimes at the store, I dont know her or anything about her?
I don't associate with gangs or anything but an ex of mine got me into gangster music, is this bad?
are there differences between cussing and cursing and blasphemy?
What is the highest number known to mankind?
Why do the wicked try to impose their wrong way to speak, their dialect and accent?
I need help with a teen birthday party?
What are some ways to fit in visits to everyone at Christmas?
What is the Jehovah’s Witnesses position on autologous blood transfusions?
I need help to see if my brother is gay?
When in history did Christmas Carols first get sung?
What are some of people's favorite and leaste favorite things about Christmas?
Where do you get coupons in america?
What kind of things are you looking forward to about next Christmas?
Aspergers and OCD: God' plan?
Are you a little Christian, short and stout?
A definition of the term pronoun?
I feel like the worst thing to ever happen to my parents?
Bible verse question about Roman invasion of Jerusalem?
What should I do for a fake religion?
Spanish question and response help using Uds.?
When do you need to stay consistent with verb tenses? ENGLISH HELP?
Pentagram Necklace (Wicca Crystals)?
How did the reproductive organs evolve to complement each other?
Interested in royalty, heraldry and baby names?
How to say \Blood Thirsty\, \Little Warrior,\ and \War Time\ in French?
Does anyone out there have late Christmas gifts still to deliver?
What do you think it's better?
Why is Christmas and Thanksgiving so close in time of year?
Why do so many here today not know the difference between 'than' and 'then'?
How to tell your Family and Friends that your Gay?
How often do any of you wrestlers pop a boner during a match?
Calling on all answerers?
Is it a sin to watch the sex tapes my deceased wife and I made together?
Do any of you guys know good charities?
Is this what a muslim wedding should be like?
Jesus said \...YOUR WORD is truth\.?
Why do YOU think did Paul Burrell take Diana's stuff?
Jehovah witnesses: has the mark of the wild beast happened yet?
What is something worse than death?
Spiritually speaking, are people who claim animals are more intelligent than humans...?
I'm Christian but have same-sex attractions towards other women?
christians, what is your opinion on transgenders and how they are?
Where is the best place for an 20 year old to go on holiday?
Why do kids copy off of me a lot?
Satanists are atheists who only believe in Satan during Satanic Rituals?
Gay guys, have you found that when you are really falling for a guy,?
A Question For People That Speak Spanish?
French Homework help - how to say 'i hate getting wet'?
poll what is the last thing you pondered?
Does typing a question in all caps and misspelling every other word make your point any more valid?
Is this correct German?
How can I translate this accurately?
If they fought for real who would win Hogan or Andre the Giant?
Will God have mercy on a person even if they end up in Hell?
Do my boyfriend and I have a future?
i just hate my life so much it's really going nowhere i need help!?
God-gene , how do evolutionists explain it not being in primates ?
Why do churchie people lie through their teeth and insist that there are no contradictions in the Bible?
first cosplay want to go as someone i look like please help?
who am i i need to know?
Help with Russian Please??
I wish I was an atheist cat in a loony bin?
has anyone got any scary signs after doing the wigi/ouija board?
How can I convince my gay friend to have sex with me?
What is the meaning of life?
Atheists, on what do you base the existence of your morality?
My girlfriend is going through Gender Dysphoria... HELP!?
Spiritually speaking, why are there pretty stones?
why are MOST christians not following their religion??!!?
Am I A Waste Of A Womb?
Will Jesus Christ find faith on earth when he returns?
What should a \christian\ person do when they discover what their religion teaches is NOT scriptural?
Spiritually speaking; Reserve belief for that which has evidence: Agree or disagree?
How would you convince a 'flat-earther' otherwise when reason and evidence are met with their denial?
I hope I'm not disturbing you while you're watching BBC dramas. I'd never forgive myself. Or you?
what is your definition of true religion?
According to Christians, If a homosexual has desires but remains chaste all his life...?
Don't people realize that people are attracted to sex not gender?
Catholics, what if Jehovah's Witnesses opened a hospital and refused to give blood transfusions?
Paragraph about how you feel about your siblings in french?
Help, I have no idea what to do?
Help, I have no idea what to do?
Help, I have no idea what to do?
How to say \Let's hope they make it out alive\ in French?
Found this weird thing in my drawer that i never bought.. anyone know what it is or means?
Is this sentence correct (Spanish)?
i want to learn english?
Why am I still getting messages from what's app?
Is this blasphemy???
How will 2014 be different than 2013?
is the love of Money Idolatry?
LDS how would you all understand Num 23v19 with modern revelation about who and what God is?
rules for respecting the french flag?
Blacks, how many of you bought beyonce's new album?
what is the most charming country for you and why?
Are there Christian traditions that teach us anything about Joses?
Why doesn't BET play African videos if its for African Americans?
what does 'ek do teen' mean?
why is Numbers 23:19 always commented on, out of context.?
If you take up your cross and follow Christ, where will y'all be going?
Would you say that mixed Hispanics are a race?
she says I nag, is she being flirty?
Are You Willing In Relationships?
What are the 6 Buddhist tenets?
What percentage of Professed christians do you think can prove their beliefs using the Bible?
How is Jessica Alba is 87% white?
What's my chances with this girl?
What would you do if you were in my situation?
Please translate One Direction to Spanish?
Why didn't Siddhartha teach about evil?
Would you say salmon is similar to sardines in any way?
What do you think of Brazil?
i really dont want to write a cover letter, for jobs can anyone inspire me?
When was the universe created and when was the old testament written?
What percentage of black girls would date white men if given the chance?
Did god create the spiritual realm itself? If so, where was he before he created it?
I find it hard to believe that there are religious doctors?
Why does this mormon girl i work with wear?
Will I become sexually attracted to animals? :(:(:(:(?
Do all Christians believe Jesus literally walked on the water?
If i was the last day on earth what would you be doing?
Why does Yahoo have a Religion & Spirituality section when it already has a Mythology & Folklore section?
Is hispanic a mixed race?
What would happen if church leaders admitted there are hundreds of contradictions in the Bible?
What are some marriage prayers!?
what percentage of atheists have read the bible but never come to the full knowledge of truth?
Does the Bible say the earth is flat?
Rule on handing out change?
If I wear Niqab, can I shape my eyebrows?
Stolzenfels Castle Ownership?
Is it unprofessional for a Doctor to give her patient her number?
Girlfriend just came out of the closet and now wants me to meet her family/friends?
What percentage of Christians world-wide would you guess have actually read the Bible?
why does my mom criticize my every move?
Why does Yahoo have a category for STDs but not for Atheism?
I am homeless in California I have questions?
How can I be sure I'm not God?
How come I dont get asked to be anyones valentine?
Feel like ending it all, i don't know what to do anymore, my life is over :,,,( why live?
What floor covering did prophet muhammad have? Animal skin floor coverings are haram?
If he hunt Devil Bear, he don’t come back. That bear is Kushtaka – the devil!?
how long would it take to write the bible out by hand on index cards?
Atheists, How has Christiandom oppressed your throat today?
what happens to ginger people when they die? where do their souls go?
mrs. williams psychic in houston tx?
Are women supposed to feel as sexually turned on by men as men are by women's bodies?
should I message him? please help :)?
What can be done to stop the horrendous oppression of Christians in America?
How do gay guys stay waif-like?
Christians; \Unless you eat of the flesh of the son of man...\ How do you feel about this?
If Jesus Christ returns in your lifetime on earth, how will you personally know that this is really Him?
HELP ME ...... TRAVELLERS.... FACEBOOKERS! PLease help!?
I wana go to coledge?
\At least I think I do\ Is this word something girls use?
How do i tell my parent i dont want to wear a hijab (head scarf) anymore?
God is a liar: *in the day that you eat from it you shall surely die* He told Adam. But Adam didn't die?
I need ideas for last minute and affordable dates for Valentines Day?
I don't like Islam but Isn't 9/11 a lame reason to be upset?
Atheists, what's it like doing whatever you want (that's legal) with no fear of God's judgments?
Is it normal to call someone \my life\ in Israel?
why do i have a huge fetish on girls crossing there legs?
I thought that this was unreasonable, what's your opinion?
What is the last thing you remember?
why do people look up to killers?
why do i keep having thoughts?
Does the Quran really teach people to oppress women?
What do you hope to get out of this experience?
My parents are treating me differently because I'm LGBT.?
How to say the following Titles in French?
Will the muslim ever reach to the sophistication level of using Radio Controlled Car bombs?
do you think we will be able to chang our natures in timeto save the world?
What is the difference between Catholism Protestantism ans Orthodoxy ?
I think im turning lesbian?
am i bisexual or not?
My classmates doing drugs and drinking?
Is this reliable? im worried LINK IS BELOW?
Why do kids like listening to songs about rappers having everything?
Therapist for transgender issues in Markham, Ontario?
How long does it take for a transsexual to realize something's wrong?
do you think it is appropriate for celebrities to keep a low profile in the long run before they publicly come?
Christians: If Abraham lived today and almost killed his son today, would you have supported him?
Is the phrase \you just have to have faith\ the most dangerous words in the English language?
Is it possible to quantify pleasure?
Does lesbian sex have less possible repercussions than straight sex?
help! i just emailed my bullies.. stood up for myself in written way. no replies so far! and i quit my job?
How to improve my english?
i am 70 yrsold my upstairs neighbor harasses me what can i do she follows me from room to room .a?
what is ironic about a way that telemachus reacts to swineherd in odysseus presence?
How do i talk to some one. i feel like they hate me and i just want to be friends. Any help? (Sequel Question)?
Is spontaneous human combustin (Mal.3& Eze.28) avoidable if I obey all of Jesus' sayings?
When having sex is it ok to be gentle?
Christians: are we supposed to question the Bible?
what is ironic about a way that telemachus reacts to swineherd in odysseus presence?
What's the name of this Sheikh? \How Do You Spell Allah\?
Valentines day is soon , what to give my boyfriend?
How many verses in the Quran has been abrogated?
Sites to learn about kaballah?
I have no one to sit with at lunch?
Why do Christians accept only science that does not conflict with their faith?
Was this racist/prejudice of my teacher?
Straight, bi, or curious...??
Why do some people get extremely offended about their names?
Do the sons bear the sins of the fathers or not?
Why does God give pregnancies to women who will just abort them?
Why do we call straights 'straight'?
What are the requirements to be baptized as a Jehovahs Witness?
Do white people know racism? Have they had 1st hand experience? Hope this doesn't come across as racist.?
writing a creation myth need some ideas?
If you are a Christian, have you consider that the same situation might come to you, in disguise?
The Gospels are not the word of God ?
what is a good topic for valentines?
Are these spanish sentences done correctly?
R&S: How does the atheist discount modern miracles as evidence of God?
English question, knife-slashes for eyes?
If a guy sends you a game invite for Valentine 2014 in FB is that a hint I'm his Valentine?
What comes to mind when you think of Malta?
Do liberals realize that most of the world's scientific and technological production comes from the US?
How to get over the pain of being cut out of someones life?
how does survival of the fittest fit in with the gospel of jesus christ.?
How to say \Cheers\ in French?
What is a good Spanish language bible...?
Christians - Is tithing for today?
What were the then plagues of Egypt that God sent?
What effect has your family life had on your views of or tendencies toward religion?
Why is it when the UK has \National Science Week\, my country (the US) decides its time to...?
Between Love, Service, and Stewardship, what are similarities and differences?
Why do most christians make a bigger deal with gay marriage than they do with rape?
How did our common morals develop without a creator?
How to say \Let's meet our families once more\ in French?
What is your favourite atheist/materialist quote?
If you discovered ANYTHING?
Why do people think it's fun to play with tarot cards and fortune tellers?
Tarot deck that my character could use?
Is quantum physics the opposite of spirituality?
I feel nothing about a loss?
At / on / in The British Isles?
how do i read peoples minds?
What do you think,are these words telling people the difference bwt a christian in the light and a religious 1?
According to science, were did the universe(s) come from?
Can anybody explain the concept of GOD = LOVE?
Why is revenge allowed in Islam?
How do I have sex? (FTM)?
When God made new languages after Tower of Babel, did he include curse words?
Is It True That There Is A Cure For Every Illness Except For Death? Hadith..?
What language should I learn for Zimbabwe and Zambia?
Christians, if you have the mou