Why do people feel same job same pay?
Why do people think everything is biological?
Why are girls made so emotional, kind and sensitive ?
why do women here have a problem with men generalizing them when they generalize men?
why do women justify their hatred of all men with just a handful of men that hurt them?
why do women think they are not selfish just because some raise their kids by themselves?
Did you ever realize how dark children's movies were back in the 90's and further?
why do women think that men base their mates based on look only?
why is a man only a man until he has a wife?
Labyrinth, The Dark Crystal, Legend or Never Ending Story?
Why are all MGTOWs arriving at the same conclusion?
Aside from these people fitting the negative description I gave, what could be the reason for thumbs down here?
Why is there so little help for people with anxiety in schools?
Is there a way I could have someone give me a psychological evaluation?
what does it mean wheb you dream about snakes?
Psychology-What were Wechsler and Murray trying to explain?
Why do some people seem to blame the opposite gender for long-standing societal norms?
I keep having a dream of the same twins, what does it mean?
What would you do for a klondike bar?
Gentlemen when ladies start uploading their snaps is it time for scientific research?
Why are men more likely to marry down, more than women are?
Scientific research question?
Interpret my dream please?
Do you think the divorce system is fair and why is there so many of them?
Is this is just a stereotype or real \Most Indian girls are romantic\?
About what percentage of Feminists do you believe are actually sexist against men?
What is your opinion on certain countries/cultures using tradition as an excuse for sexism?
How much do you believe in biological sexism?
I Want to Kill Myself?
What is the equilibrium price?
Should I commit suicide?
did men invent crucifixion?
did men invent- thumb screws, whips, the iron maiden and also draw and quartering?
I dream of visions that comes true?
are rape and child support the same issue - ?
Why exactly do women deserve equal rights?
What does this dream mean?
Is an evil smile a bad thing?
What does this question mean?
I feel like different people at different moments?
What are some of the pros and cons of being single for life?
Is it logical and mature to be rude to everyone you don't like?
horrible nightmare please answer?
What is \verbal intimacy\?
Men and women equality. Whats your opinions?
What would a guy think of the term \family life\?
has evolution in humans been proven?
What is difference between \live to eat\ and \eat to live\?
Should we start LOLING basic questions, where the answers are obvious, or is GS like this for a reason...?
How can feminists express outrage to a question?
How do i get over this feeling of humility?
How to cope with being ugly?
How to spy people without looking suspicious?
I need HELP! NOW! Please.?
Can a younger man be attracted to an older woman if she were attractive enough?
What is your \MBTI Personality Type?\?
Ladies, how strong are your legs?
why is sexism against males ignored?
do you know of any other feminist parodies of the western women theme - similar to this?
How do you deal with suicidal thoughts and stress?
Am i seriously that dumb?
would you do a disabled person out of sympathy?
Gender Studies - What motivates these questions?
Why aren't there many matriarchal societies left in the world today?
why is it \guilty until prove innocent\ when it comes to judging males?
when it comes to rape why doesn't anybody think that a woman could be lying?
I HAD A LUCID NIGHTMARE THAT I NEED DETAILED INTERPRETATION ASAP! 10 points for 5 good answers about the dream?
Why do we hear so many rape cases today?
Does anyone know whats wrong with me?
How long would the jail term have been if it was a male who committed this crime?
What are some good social websites for French people?
Gender Studies - Why are 25% of women abused for the first time during pregnancy?
Why would someone be desperate to be my partner?
Does anyone else feel the same way about being a woman?
How are you supposed to deal with a person that has no logic, reason, or memory of what they've said?
What would you class as a 'proper family'?
Different parenting styles in fathers (and a faux pax)?
Why do I have to pretend that I'm inferior to get along with some people?
I'm i mad for doing this?
In the circular-flow diagram, firms produce Question options: goods and services using factors of production?
why do women think men shouldn't have equal rights to women just because we can't give birth?
Anyone VERY good at the science of facial expressions?
Did women gain these rights in the last 100 years (in Canada)?
How is a list of studies without any quotes or explanations, real evidence?
why do a lot of women think that women are incapable of hurting men?
What does my dream mean (10 points)?
Why do men keep insisting that they suffer as much from DV as women?
Gender Studies - Is it pointless to give evidence to some questions here?
why do people get threatned when you start to have higher self worth?
How were fathers like in the 70s^/early 80s?
Difference between \live to eat\ and \eat to live\?
What do you think of this saying?
Can i have a nvq qualification? 10 point?
Would you date a man with less money and ambition ?
Why do women have to sacrifice more than men when it comes to marriage?
Feminists: What gender-neutral human right would you grant to women but not men?
Beneficts in uk? 10 points?
What is the history of how women's domestic abuse shelters were first established?
Beneficts in uk? 10 points?
Do feminists believe men have any good qualities? Do they believe their bad qualities outweigh the good?
Another university shooting today. Isn't it great it is so easy to get guns in America?
I'm soon ugly but I can't afford plastic surgery?
GCSE: Business Studies or Economics?
Why is criticizing a man for walking away from his child seen as women blaming men for their problems?
Men, do you instinctively know how to fight?
Crazy guy? Trapped me?
what mesoamerican civilization invented the panpipes?
Is it weird that I, as a woman, enjoy fart jokes?
Have you met people who are always on the attack, offense, say offensive comments, what causes that?
You understand your strengths as well your weaknesses?
When ever you are true to yourself?
What does it mean when you have dreams of someone close to you shooting you?
What is stopping men from building and supporting male domestic abuse shelters?
Are women worse off financially if?
what is wrong with me?
Do women and men need each other anymore?
I got beat up at school. What do I do?
The BBC asked \Are we born good or evil?\ But is this the correct way of approaching the subject?
Why am I so sexist on my views?
Is there a realtion between genitals and rights or duties?
Gender Studies - What is wrong with this question?
why do women always defend other women whatever they do?
If intelligence is a construct..?
why do feminists think only men do wrong?
is there a way to describe fear of gay men vs fear of gay women (lesbians)?
What is the difference between \she asked for it \ and \he is a man so he must be the one\?
Can you categorize my personality?
Does even a world war have the remotest chance of interrupting the love game between men and women?
How selfless are you when it comes to the bedroom?
Do you believe in gender roles?
Why are the ancient \Egypitans\ the most argued over people?
Who do you think would be more likely to survive this type of dystopian future...?
Why should abortion be illegal?
Men and women, are you happy with how your gender is treated?
If we were switched what would kind of life would i have?
Why am i always so lazy?
Who is exploited more here? the prostitute or the person using the prostitute?
Is sex for love and not power?
Negativity and fixing this?
Would you rather your partner stay at home or work as well?
Guys: do you feel more powerful than women when you have sex?
What does it tell you about a person if they withhold sex as a means of behavioral 'training'?
How long before women and feminists vanquish men?
How important is sex in a relationship?
How many feminists have ever ran a trot line or killed a buck?
What do people think about the disabled/unworking having heaps of kids, or any?
What are stereotypical personality traits about men and women, and...?
Is there at least ONE guy here that takes Feminists seriously...?
what percent of man/woman fighting is healthy in relashunship?
How would you describe the ticklish feeling?
I'm so afriad of dead people!?
help, why am I self concious about how long I stay in the bathroom for?
What does it mean to dream about a dead friend?
Am i having psychological prob?
If the Titanic was sinking in 2014, do you think men would yield their lifeboats to women?
How many times in your life did you feel like committing suicide?
Help advice what's your opinion?
can some one pls help me with this question - appreciated it?
What does it mean when you try to start up a dialogue with someone, but all they do is keep repeating what you?
How do you build up self-confidence?
Why can't americans women spend their whole life with single man?
Lack of confidence in myself. Help!?
What does this amazing dream mean?
What would be some better ways to overcome bad mood ?
Can I get into neuroscience with a bachelor of psychological science degree?
too slow for life to unfold ?
Why can't guys admit when there is something wrong in a relationship even when the girl points it out?
how horrible of a person am I?
Why is being a virgin considered a negative thing?
Why do men believe they have the right?
women ,do you break up with your husband/bf?
How do people focus on their careers and only their careers? I need to & don't know how...?
hey uh when is this net neutrality thing suppose to happen?
Guys : What is your preference?
How do i overcome shyness?
What does it mean when you dream about cuddling with a someone? 10 points?
Nightmares about a little girl?
I Really hate that i was born a guy and wished that i was born a girlPleaseREad?
My mom is saying I turned on her?
Which sex/gender... ... uses more words when they communicate? ... talks more about feelings and emotions? ...?
How much does media liberal bias influence your gender politics?
How is it possible that I have dreams and then they happen sometimes?
Scared of doing the spelling bee!?
My parents don't understand my social problems?
do you feel afraid of the \self\?
My parents don't understand my social problems?
Why do most women need a relationship to have sex with a man?
feeling threatened in my neighborhood (descriptive)?
I don't get this thing called atheism?
Where is the menshealth.gov website?
Are women naturally more coward & more ticklish than men?
I wish I could be alone, but I get lonely?
see a doctor about my anger?
I need a good \suicide\?
I had a dream about a boy, help me find out the meaning, could you?
My mom and my suicidal thoughts?
I'm so alone and depressed?
Is it possible to erase memory?
Do people with schizophrenia does their hallucinations and voices get worse at night or when their all alone?
Why are people so uncomfortable talking about death?
Men: Do you prefer strong, independent women over delicate, domicile women?
I had a really weird dream?
How to be a independent person?
How many years were dinosaurs alive on this very earth for?
Kesesesese~ Are American women really that bad?
women want men with masculine qualities, but men could careless about women's feminine qualities, why ?
Why are so many people either very insecure or extremely full of themselves?
If a man becomes physically violent towards his partner while drinking should he quit drinking?
How do I become a better person?
Is needing to be in a relationship the cause of bad relationships?
I had a really terrifying dream where ominous figures kept appearing all over, how do I prevent this?
Do guys think it's unattractive or attractive when girls paint their nails?
Major Depressive Disorder Help.... Advice?
Would you be happy if you stayed unmarried/without a parter for the rest of your life?
Why do women love the mailman?
How do we raise awareness about the importance of paternity testing?
Does this happen to anyone else?
Do you regret over the fact that you could have done well in something?
How do I stop being jealous of this girl!?!?!?
Are wide hips on women equivalent to wide shoulders on a man?
Dream with my teeth falling out, should I be concerned? (Please read)?
What would YOU do?!?!?
I murdered someone in my dream ....?
If your boss told you to do something you knew was legally wrong?
A question for feminists?
Should men be muscular, and women be skinny?
Should you take advice from poor people?
If you could go back in time and have an hour long?
Has the word feminist changed its meaning?
All those in favour of legalizing prostitution?
How can I stop myself getting angry and snapping at people close to me?
why am i feeling like this?
If a man pressures a woman to do something, is she then not responsible for her actions?
how to accept something terrible?
What crazy things have you done when you were bored?
How can you know what currency is more valuable?
It is easier to behave your way into a new way of thinking?
Do girl like strong guys?
Do I have an anxious personality?
So what exactly is infatuation?
Do men care how much a woman weighs?
How can young men be set on the path of right instead of wrong?
Is a man without a woman in his life the walking dead?
Is this Social Anxiety?
What do you think this dream meant?
Is it possible for a guy to be pro feminist?
Dream of piece of hair in glass of water?
Another weird dream!?!?!?
Why are most clothing stores sizist (rarely carry xxs or xs)?
I feel like I have nothing to look forward to?
What would the world be like without feminism and social feminization?
Am i mentally ill or a psychopath?
Were any anti-feminists at one time pro feminism?
Why did feminism happen in the first place?
At Christmas time what is the best way to get in the Christmas spirit?
Hypnotherapy, does it really work?
Is it wrong that I can't forgive her?
geminis seem to want their stuff separate from everyone elses?
Why are anti-feminists, anti-feminists?
How do I become a Jerk?
Would anti-feminists prefer that feminism never happened at all?
How do I \get even\ with these people?
what is the phobia for fear of spiders called?
Am i sick or depraved?
Do women subconsciously want power and control of men?
Why do I feel like i lost somebody?
how would you describe the ticklish feeling?
How to get out of my head and face my fears.?
Is it like this? Please, honest answers.?
At what point specifically does a fetus go from being a \parasite\ or \mass of cells\?
What does this dream mean?
Are feminists concerned that most abortions in the world are of females?
How is the conservative traditional way oppressive to women?
Why do I feel unmotivated to do anything when I'm not alone?
Should abortions be funded by the government/free?
Should anti abortion advocates be required to adopt all unwanted children?
If you feel sometimes sex is out of your character does this mean?
why should all men pay just because of a few bad ones?
why should women be allowed to enter in men's leagues when they can't do the same excerise?
Whenever we are not loosing, are we winning?
Is it scary to have my personality?
Should abortion advocates be required to watch an abortion procedure video?
(economics question)which of the following does not meet the definition of investment as defined by economists?
Let America be the dream that dreamers dreamed\ is an example of a metaphor.?
should women be able to do the same exercises and training as men if they will play in men's leagues?
what kind of endearing terms do women like being called ?
Which of the following is considered an Indo-European people?
I saved someone's life because I saw them die, should I have let it happen?
What does this dream mean? Here are your enemies?
why do people think that talking about sexism against men is whining?
Why do feminists expect anti-feminists to overlook the radicals?
Is narcissism and high self image unattractive qualities?
I was not invited to a coworker's house but everyone else was? How should I take that?
How do I gain more motivation?
Why women are treated inferior always? 10 points?
PLEASE explain to me why all the psychiatrists I have met LIE about the drugs they prescribe?
GS: Your opinion on this sign?
How to prove that women are foolish?
why do people think that misandry is funny?
what are women's opinions in regards to \drunk sex\?
My dog passed away. How does one go through such tragedy?
Should there be a problem between the highly educated and those who aren't as highly educated?
why are girls get embarrassed when boys...?
What do you think about someone who?
how to use totem for reality check in lucid dreaming?
Why do women call each other sluts? Is it because some of them are hotter than they are?
At what website can you contact brain scientists?
Do you believe that women are \more emotional than men\?
why some people hate others for color?
Is it true the US is still paying off its debt from the Civil War?
How can i be more like my sister?
For Women only, do you find your palms to be ugly?
How does this make sense: \Arrogant men, bad boys, will always harass because they do not?
dreaming about being kidnapped and rats giving birth to insects?
Would you end your relationship if your lover...?
Dreamed of writing in the night sky?
Could this be a real positive for smart men in a feminist society?
If your lover hurt you then...?
Why would a guy who was raised properly think it was perfectly okay to steal things here and there?
Why is it important for men to understand submission by a woman is a matter of personal choice for her ?
Any tips on how to get over something that does not exist?
if science / The Law / told you to jump off a cliff would you do it?
Meaning of my lesbian dream?
Dreaming about other men besides my boyfriend?
If a certain truth hurts someones feelings, does that make it propaganda?
Possible sexual assault?
Why does the western media like to use anti-India propaganda?
Do people need a point in life to figure themselves out?
Who would have a more difficult time surviving without the other, men or women?
Can someone answer this dream? If not then you can just read, it's a crazy dream!?
Does being married have an influence on your career?
what country would you guys say has the best looking women?
When the feminists take over, who will fix their cars when needed?
I keep having vivid nightmares , is something after me?
Being quiet can be weird? What do you think?
why do some people think that women don't hit men unless they are hit first?
What does this dream mean?
i choked myself last night?
Should I conclude that a lot of men do need to improve their communication and critical thinking skills?
Why do some people think divorce is worst than death?
If you step on cat's tail once too often is she liable to scratch you?
I saw some black chicks in dream?
Is it normal to feel like dying (committing suicide )?
Are we ever going to have equality in this world where everyone can get the basic necessities ?
Dream about a dark hooded man, could see his face?
Can a person fight sleep paralysis while still asleep and go back to peaceful sleep without waking up ?
What would you think of someone who said something like this about your gender?
How can make everything better? I'm ruining my life?
why girls always singing this song?
I had a dream, can someone tell what it could mean?
Temporary motivation?
Are you distrustful towards women because of your personal experience?
Did any of you grow up in a family or culture where it was considered \disrespectful \ for...?
Am I a sociopath or what?
How do you describe those who attack another's character yet still wish to interact & befriend them?
For those people who want kids, would you give up the chance at parenthood if you fell in love with...?
i become so depressed need help?
Is this guy saying I'm undesirable or is this some kind of game, how would you describe a person like this?
Why So many Doctors are male in case of female private parts also?
im so angry what do i do this anger controls me and makes me wanna kill somone or hurt them really badly?
Feminist,if you are a doctor how do you treat male patients?
why do some people prefer to read magazines back to front?
Can someone help me figure out my dream?
What does someone really mean when they say that thinking about something hurts their brain?
Why am I so calm?? I dont get it?
in which european country women is most sexy ?
For what the poor people struggle ?
..Am I a feminist? What are your opinions?
For women: Why am I such an jerk?
Why am i in love with an imaginary woman more than a real woman?
why do some rich kids suffer with depression?
I have had a reoccurring dream that I'm sleeping & when I try to wake up I can't open my eyes..?
How would you describe our relationship?
what to do in this situation ?
I had a dream that my mum died?
are colours healing.......?
i had a dream that my mum died?
Should I see someone about this And please don't ask if I'm lying now, that's really stupid.?
How are electronic cigarettes effecting the tobacco industry?
Why some guys have double standards ?
Dream meaning about eggs, babies, and hats?
College Psychology questions Please HELP?
What happened to the racist/misandric ***** \The Myth Of The Absent Black Father\?
Does she want me to have a social life?
How do i stop being a social disaster?
AM I loosing a friend ?
Am I going crazy or am I paranoid?
I can never remember my dreams?
Do you feel despair when you're trapped in the same room as someone you're attracted to and a cat?
Do academic qualifications guarantee success and happiness in life?
Idk what I'm feeling I no I'm depressed so what am I plz help?
Which most likely occurred Evolution or Creationism and why?
What kind of people make you kind of uncomfortable?
How do those who want to help male DV victims by taking the shelter places from women?
Best ways to stay awake, motivated and focused for Homework?
PLEASE HELP??? how to make a love potion?
Poll: When a person you barely know, or a stranger ask you where do you work? Do you think they are (a)?
Why was he afraid of telling me his dream?
I don't know what what I'm feeling I wanna say depressed I jus need help knowing why I feel like this?
Will a guy like me more if I have s3x with him?
What is so complex that almost the same numbers of men are abused as women?
Why do so many preach things that they don't even practice themselves?
How do I stop procrastinating?
What did he mean by this and what should I do?
In need of serious advice about life?
Women: Do you have sex in the daylight totally naked?
Does anyone else get brain-freeze when they try to do math?
Can a hockey stick and a lacrosse stick be used as weapons?
Would you believe women only perpetrate 5% of domestic violence?
I can't go to sleep because I am nervous of 1.5 minute speech tomorrow what should i do?
who is the best male british vocalist?
Boyfriend has been acting controlling lately. What to do?
How do human subraces and evolution work?
How come fantasies can't come true?
Am I a psychopath? Why do I enjoy being one?
How to be comfortable as a woman cleaning men's bathrooms with men in them?
Why do people put insecurities on others?
How can I keep myself from being paranoid?
WIll I sound like a \daddy's girl\?
Help Im a HUGE procrastinator!?
Ways to deal with stress?
How do I stop worrying about stupid stuff?
How do you enhance the quality of your intelligence?
What is the water type liquid that is between the bones to give movability to bones?
How much does it cost to own a black man?
Why do some people want answers that gear to there opinion?
Why is there an age when people are expected to end their childhood?
Why is there an age when people are expected to end their childhood?
Is the wife stupid for staying married to a man that has beat her?
How can I keep myself from having bad dreams?
Does being able to think for yourself make you less likeable?
My boyfriend didn't buy me a present for my birthday.?
What is the difference between a female domestic abuse victim and a male one?
Victim of alcoholic parent?
Does the media only care about suicide when the victim is popular and pretty?
2 part question: 1. Does allowing men access to hospitals, steal resources from women?
Why does the media make us think that women should be Victoria's secret thin to be hot?
Hiding sadness and grief after death?
How do you know somebody close to you is doing drugs ?
If we lived in a post apocalyptic world?
Broken ego. Made a complete fool of myself. How do I get over rejections?
Would women get angry if they saw boys talkin with each others about penises?
How do you motivate yourself to be a better person?
Do you think there is too much pressure on women to be curvy?
why do women have such hard time understanding that men are also DV victims and need a female free enviroment?
Why do I snap at someone so easily..?
What does it mean if you die in your sleep? (dream interpretation)?
Why do men seem to have such difficulty?
Does Life Have Meaning For You?
was it a mistake to open up about my insecurity to my bf?
opinions greatly appreciated?
Nothing is helping my anxiety disorder?
How to be more talkative?
Does anyone else feel this?
Gaining my confidence back?
Why are women trying to be so skinny?
Where do you go and what do yo do when you're completely lost ?
do women ever contemplate if they'll become an \old maid\?
Is hypnosis covered by medical insurance?
Can you really forgive someone who has hurt you ?
Are these considered/counted as girlfights?
Can someone tell me how to get control of an ego?
How can I stop myself from crying?
Relationship issues, lack of confidence and fear of women?
why do women think that they have to be cruel and mean to tell men they are not interested?
May you help interprit a dream?
My new year resolution was to stop masturbating?
How do MRA S propose to...?
Why do people believe 'Asperger's Syndrome' exists?
Women: do you want a man who is happy, muscular, or educated?
What would my lifestyle be considered like?
My ex and I dreamt of each other last night?
Do you think we should be able to see who thumbed us up and or down?
Can the disproportionate victimization of women be made fully visible without invisibilizing male victims?
Interesting essay on origin of fur and color for humans.?
Gender Studies: Will you live a long and happy life?
why do i feel this way? I know i shouldn't?
Men will you use reversible male birth control when it becomes available in 2015-2016?
I No longer see the point of Life?
Social Media Maketing help please?
How do you tell the difference upon first sight of a person who is alone due to shyness v choice v snobbiness?
why did john wood develop Room to read, and what was his background?
Reasons for extreme aggression in young children?
I want there to be something wrong with me!!?
My dreams predict the future?
Why are there so many SAHM/Housewifes that expect their partners to help with the cleaning & cooking?
I have no reason to be depressed?
When you are hurt and upset why can't you look directly at them?
How does one get depressed?
Sociology vs. Psychology?
What lessons can current feminists learn from the first wave of feminism?
Which has a greater cultural Impact: The invention of the Television or the Internet?
Will increasing premiums for young men to subsidize benefits for women under Obamacare work?
Who has made more significant contributions as a Men's Rights Activist : Paul Elam or Tom Leykis, and why?
Are many men not good at verbal reasoning/debating/arguments?
What is the red pill?
Is there any scientific research that shows video games causes violence?
What are social issues?! I need an example!?
What should I do with him?
If you have a bad embarrassing memory, how to overcome it so you can feel your full positive potential vibes?
Why are some people dumb and some people are smart?
Why ai I so vain and arrogant? I was not raised to have either of those attributes, yet they are my strongest.?
Is environmental health a good major?
Would aliens think that different human races are different species?
how do you stop missing someone?
How do you reason honor killings?
Why do I keep having to get hurt of hurt others in my dream?
Why do some find it normal to approach like they’re entitled to your number and you, the medium, are getting?
What should I do with him?
are some people more good looking than others ?
womens definition of a \real man\?
i need some questions for a survey?
Is it normal to feel this way?
I am needy and lonely, can someone make me feel warm and fuzzy inside please?
What do u do when someone is suicidal?
why is everyone afraid of being a loner?
I'm terriefied to go to school now, please will you help me?
When a woman watches a movie alone, who answers all of their questions?
What does it mean when a guy rubs the tips of your fingers?
Which gender smokes more, men or women?
Do I have mental health issues or a personality disorder, is this normal?
what does it mean when you cant stop thinking of someone?
Dreams about a deceased person I never met?
what does dreaming of someone i like means?
Being chased in a dream?
Men: Would you date a girl who's preserving her virginity for marriage?
why has socialism succeeded more in ''scandinavian countries'' ?
Lol why do people always have to be so technical with everything ? Referring to spelling,race, etc.?
Why are femme fatales so popular in movies, books, and video games?
Anyone else feel this way about homeless people?
Would anybody like to help me with some psychology questions?:)?
I HATE MY LIFE!!!!!!?
If you and your partner became the opposite sex for a day - what would you do?
How can I overcome...the hesitation that comes during a suicide attempt?
How to know if the person you date (who has an insane schedule) really likes you?
Fine lines on face at 26?
Why do most tall girls HATE being tall?
Men, is it true that you enjoy the chase?
Why do I get very angry when other men use women?
Do Iranian men disrespect Iranian women in Canada?
Where have all the real men gone?
How can I forget the death of someone close?
What does my dream mean?
Do I have a tickling fetish?
mental health at work?
Which is harder: Being approached?
Anyone else have the same feelings about being female?
If most women have sex with attractive men, will they marry and settle with \lesser\ men?
How to understand people perfectly and relate to them?
What would have to happen for you to commit suicide?
which subjects are important for Psychology?
What are the chances that my boyfriend and her are really just friends?
My body language and expressions change with what i watch & listen in media. Is it normal?
Why is there not much racial diversity within the MRM?
Where do feminist get their data in their surveys and researches?
I don't have interest in anything anymore?
I feel like I am becoming dumber. Can I do something about it?
Why are boys usually better than girls in arts?
Is the YA! email picture sexist and racist?
I feel like I am not good enough... :(?What to do? I am Haemophiliac .?
Do you believe in artificial means when you're dying or clinically dead?
I hate being alone??
How can I stop talking so much?
Am a guy and I feel realllllllly horny... What's the best way to deal with it?
why am i having mind fantasies and delusions?
How to stop my toxic family from ruining my life?
Why does my mother keep calling me at work?
Is Every man a female before?
Is it possible to get over trust issues?
Aspect of Nature vs Nuture in Prostitution?
I like immature girls. Is there anything wrong in me?
Why do average and ugly men still try to get women?
How can I become healthy again mentally?
Is the Today's Show deliberately collecting cross eyed girls in some sort of attempt at branding?
How can men and women be equal?
why are some guys always tell \men are disposable gender\on GS?
What does this dream mean?
Is dream a tool for fear relief for our mind?
why women judge men based on things determined by genetics?
Do you believe that one gender is physically stronger than the other?
what kind of social anxiety do I have?
Why is that women complain the most about body issues, even though they place men under higher standards?
How should I convenience my friend to femdom?
Would you break up with your girlfriend if she got fat?
Will it be fair if the husband have to split his inherited and inheritable property with his divorced wife?
Men, are you more attracted to wide hips?
Nobody wants me, I’m boring?
Meyers-Briggs? WHICH ONE AM I??
do people not realize if u deeply love somone u cant forget?
Men do you prefer slim or curvy women?
Should i be able to trust my own thoughts?
Why do I suddenly hate myself?
how control things about women in mind?
Would someone interpet this dream, please?
how come women pretend so much from men?
my exes are friends and playing mind games with me !!!?
Just out of curiosity , from where do lose women come?
How are we more fortunate than 90s kids?
I have my first economics question?
How can you stop yourself getting disheartened when training to be a teacher?
Why don't men become \strip.pers\ and women become leaders of business and industries?
Why do people get jealous so easily?
Which are the developed cities of India?
What exactly is logical and emotional argument?
What causes dreams and where do they come from?
i feel very hesitation in communicate with people i feel very shy please help me how can i open my voice?
How do I stop these voices inside my head?
Which racial group is thought to look most like the first Homo Sapiens?
What do you think of this situation?
Why are women always right?
Do you think anti-racism is misleading and wrong?
Are mental disorders OVERDIAGNOSED and medications OVERUSED?
Women: Say you are walking alone at night and some guys in car?
Anyone know the name of this? Is there even a name for this?
In testing times whom would you trust more. your father/mother or your life partner, if given a choice?
I can't sleep, waiting to bring in my father's newspaper, driveway is icy and I need a smoke break?
When will jonah hill drop dead I hate the way he acts I hate everything about him and hope he drops dead soon?
Entering a Lucid Dream state question?
How do I forgive myself for this?
What are the keys to surviving a Zombie Apocalypse?
What is the easiest way to boost my self esteem and have more confidence in myself?
Why can't humans and certain animals have Brindle hair?
If Women had evolved to be as \Physically Strong\ as Men, how different would Life be?
how do you talk to people?
Why do some males support abortion but not reversible birth control for men?
name of book that explains why which nations became more advanced faster than others?
please help am I mentally ill???
Having problems in sharing thoughts?
I want to hug, but i'm scared.?
Are there any credible sources about the minor/juvenile victims of rape and their gender?
has this ever happend to you?
Do you have a feeling of lonelyness?
How many people care and would agree?
Help with life problem?
Does the party life taper off after college?
How to draw a line between victim blaming and asking people to be cautious to prevent crime?
I tried a win-win solution to solve my problem with this very envious \friend\?
Child abuse mental effects?
What do people want to have?
I dont feel happy, what should I do?
Why do people blame the victim in certain crimes but not in others? Is this fair?
Why are Americans insecure?
How high do you the percentage of female sex offenders really is?
Is an amicable \divorce\ possible for a former friendship?
Please do not take this as rude but help answer this?
can u make people dream about u?
Would any of you tell your parents that you had a mental disorder, if you knew you had one?
NOT JOKING! The house that I am staying in may be haunted! Need Advice?
Why are indian teenagers getting influenced by western countries?
Are women attracted to men with high voices?
Is this kind of behavior love?
Dreams from God about the future?
Do you agree with me?
how do you look after your mates when they get drunk?
Lost my earphones feeling depressed?
If women are equal, why do men still have to ask and pay?
why would someone be ashamed of the person they are?
My gf is toxic?????????
How Do I move past this pain and fear in my life ?
Social anxiety ruining my school life!!!?
Someone please amswer this? Im terrified.?
when do guys get mature?
How uncommon is it for a guy not to like football?
Are people of different races turned on more by different things?
Why does my dreams feel like days or even years, when I am sleeping for a few hours?
Dealing with POCD for the last 2 months. How do I conquer it?
Can anyone help assess my short essay assignment on Nature vs. Nurture?
How do you plan to acheive the goals set for yourself?
When all truths do not agree?
What is the meaning of life?
what to do if scared of people?
Why have Governments seen fit to only benefit a woman's interests, and...........?
Do I have ELECTRA COMPLEX?
What does this dream mean?
I'm pretty depressed and lonely, and could use some sound advice?
How can I have dreams or nightmares?
How to stop being embarrassed about being athletic?
How did Ancient Greece Discover The Big Bang Theory?
help this is a question we used protection?
Men, would you date a bigger girl?
Why do so many young woman think Harry Styles is attractive?
What would you call this feeling?
Why do so many child stars end up abusing drugs and/or alcohol at some point in their life?
I've been having the same reoccurring dream for a while now.......?
Why do I hold back my abilities?
How much should a 6 ft woman weigh?
Why people don't care of people?
I am reposting not sure if this went thru - and this is a legit question so dont delete it?
Why do girls always hook up with jerks?
Would you date a 6 ft 200 lb woman?
Are you sick of technology yet?
Should bigger women be allowed to wear sports bras in public?
I need some advice/help here. I'll describe more of the dreams in the details, but what do they mean?
What is the nicest thing you have done for the opposite sex?
Why do men often (not always) show less emotion then women?
Where can I find a wizard to turn my invisible?
lucid dreams? lucid dreams?
How many here are tired of being thumb down when giving an honest answer to a question?
Having really strange dreams which involve the girl i have a deep crush on hurting me?
I just jumped off a building and died, what do I do?
Men: Have you ever felt you were used for sex by a woman?
Generally how should men and women in their 20's behave?
Why do i have dreams of things closing in on me?
Why is there such a social stigma on going barefoot?
Don't you hate it when a game tells you to come back later to finish playing?
Which kind of weather inspires you mostly an erotic atmosphere?
Recurring dreams my boyfriend is cheating on me?
What does the term emotionally disturbed mean?
Could my OCD and Anxiety Disorders be linked ot my hyperactivity as a kid?
Why is free trade good?
What should I do with my life?
Is it possible to lucid dream, if so how would I go about doing such thing?
What advantages in trade has globalization caused?
can you control your dreams? are u even conscious in your dreams?
Why would a man want to be in a relationship with a woman who is btchy and closes herself off purposely?
what did my dream mean?
what can i do to make my anxiety go away?
Is remaining reserved & quiet equivalent in rudeness as imposing in another's face regularly?
why do feminist try to shame girls into covering up?
why is it way more common for women to like men with long hair than men -> girls with short hair?
Methods to increase my mental and physical strength and ability?
Am I doing anything wrong?
Pathological disorder?
How does War Effect a Country's Economy?
Weird noise im really scared! Help please?
How can I feel better, emotinally?
Computers and feeling overwhelmed ?
Why do women change their mind so quickly?
Keep having sexual dreams about a singer who's music I like?
Agree or Disagree? Dr's with a bad bedside manner can be harmful for certain patients that can only?
What do you think of the terms \reverse discrimination\ and \positive discrimination\?
How do I change my present while outside of home, while being around strangers?
Why are people so abusive once they are given some kind of power or authority over others?
Why do people abuse children?
Would you sleep with a woman who has hairy legs and armpits?
I Hate My Sexual Desires?
I'm scared to go to walmart because the people there scare me?
What are the benefits of learning another language?
If someone has thoughts of suicide, is it best to speak to someone about it?
Why do people judge you so quickly?
Why do I want sympathy?
Why are most women unwilling to date bisexual men?
Poll - do you have a preference for odd or even numbers?
if You Visit 3 Psychiatrists and 4 Psychologists and they DON'T all agree on the same diagnosis?
How do I not be so scared of starting a long term relationship?
I have had this recurring nightmare all my life. Please help?
How can i calm down and relax .?
Why have i been having really werid dreams lately..?
Should i go first, second, somewhere in the middle, or last during my speech presentation?
Do men like women with big thighs?
Will more taboo sexual practices become the norm after homosexuality?
Is Stiles Stilinski Claustrophobic?
Are there laws in nature ?
Gentlemen why do men donate sperm to sperm banks for a fistful of dollars?
Could my OCD and Anxiety Disorders be linked ot my hyperactivity as a kid?
Why does rejecting women work so well?
What is wrong with me?
How can i hypnotize ppl?
Men, what measurements do you prefer?
Will men's rights be addressed only when most/all men become MGTOW?
How do I survive poverty and social anxiety?
How to deal with passive aggression?
How to know if I'm depressed or just sad?
Will MGTOW make women realize that they don't need men at all?
What makes people do these things?
If women are good at connecting emotionally with other females, do they really need men to love them?
Help with sociology (Durkheim)???? 10 points for best answers!!?
Why do some people having boundaries & comfort zones bother some so much?
You have realized the experiences you tried to avoid?
Strange Dream about Sister?
What motivates a man to say, \I'd hit it\ ?
Do men like girly or feminine women because they look more motherly?
Why do men use women for sex?
How do some people go their entire life with the same favorite color?
How can psychologists/psychiatrists TELL THE DIFFERENCE b/w Depression and Negative Symptoms of Psychosis?
Is it good if I have an obsession for Money?
Is something wrong with a woman that cannot have an orgasm?
How do I develope more interests in life?
What do you like to do when you are feeling down?
Some days are hopscotch kind of days?
Men, do you think a woman is fat if she is 5'11 and 170 lbs?
How long does it take for a professional-former client relationship to no longer be a conflict of interest?
Did mayans and aztecs smoke weed?
I had a dream about gliding through the air with a sibling, could you interpret it?
Why do most mothers want their daughters to be girly girls?
Why are sperm banks flourishing ?
need a dream interpreter!?
How do you remove your body hair?
what r the ways in which we can induce discipline in life ?
GS: What do you think of the \Make Your Move\ advertisements?
My girlfriend used to be a hypnotherapist and I let her hypnotize me? Has anyone on here been hypnotizd?
What should I do about my phobia/fear?
i need major help please don't judge me?
GS: How would you react if a random person picked you up and swept you off your feet?
I feel angry most of the time but still weak to get it out. what should i do?
What body shape has this girl got? Opinions?
Feels like I have accomplished nothing and feel blocked at 23, what to do?
i need to ask a question of geniuses or people with photographic memory.?
Why don't women need men as partners for fincancial support or for reproduction anymore ?
What would it take the MGTOW movement to become more mainstream, like feminism?
I feel so worthless and pathetic?
Is prevention better than cure or vice versa?
How is it possible to grow and expand while losing money?
Is it normal to have this much leg hair as a female?
why so much TD on yahoo answers for good answers?
What sort of diet should a man take if he becomes a MGTOW?
Is it possible for me to overcome anxiety without any treatment?
How to get yourself interested in Things which you are not & Also be a pro in it?
A man called me a \perv\ and then smirked at me weirdly for no reason?--why would someone do that?
Is there such a thing as WGTOW?
whay does it feel like to have a spiritual connetion with someone?
Just have a look at my personality?
How many of you Indian face problem speaking R like in Aryan , Progress?
Since MGTOW is growing, will it eventually put an end to feminism?
Which of these is a better clothing option for a MGTOW?
Which species did we evolve our circadian rhythm from?
Would you support a true equal rights amendment?
What are the reasons for the declining male voter turn out in USA?
I don't know what am I doing and what to do for my future!?
What happens to other wages if minimum goes up?
Do you like assassins creed,who's your favourite protagonist?
What makes people stay in abusive relationships?
When men get cheated on by western women are they at fault themselves?
Why is my dad obsessing over something totally stupid?!?
Why do people think that MGTOWs are all misogynists and lonely people?
How to get over bully?
What is this I am feeling?
Do you think the U.S. should have a council for boys and men?
Why did my wife storm in the room and turn the TV off when she saw me watching documentary about women bras?
why do guys do this to me?
Do women always naturally have very little and thin hair (vellus hair) on their legs?
production and cost function?
Do men like big breasts and big hips?
Why are men expected to remain faithful to their girlfriends/wives?
how do you kill tthe shadow demons?
Gender Studies: How can a woman ask a cute girl for a date?
The story of my life?
What does this dream mean?
Girlfriend wants break after 1 year and 8 months can space work ???
What is wrong with me ? Am I going crazy ??
Is there a term used to describe when someone pretends to hate someone else when they actually like them?
Shy adults: negative or endearing?
I had a dream about someone that's barely in my thoughts/mind?
A man called me a \perv\ and then smirked at me weirdly for no reason?--why would someone do that?
If egalitarians and/or equalists are really for gender equity, why don't they ever show up at protests?
What does this dream mean?
Does this explain Deja Vu?
Why are anti-feminists trying to take away equal opportunities for women in university?
How are women represented in Stanley Kubrick's films?
Women, would you be less upset if another woman touched you inappropriately (see details)?
Is the way my family talk to me patronizing? Or is it another word? (10 points)?
What problems women face while selecting a life partner?
GDP Problem - Economic?
If I pay for my own dates, can I also believe?
what do you find most attractive in a woman?
Can you say what personality do I have?
chased by a red peacock dream?
Why do my questions get deleted?
Is it better to have loved and lost, or not to have loved at all?
Have you ever felt like this about your life?
Laughter & Cure: Is this true?
Would a man that asks you out openly declare?
Any tips to get over shyness?
My heart misses a beat every time the phone rings?
Is this an odd reaction to yelling?
I lost control of my body! Please help!?
Why doesn't the human race know for a fact where they originated from?
I lost control of my body! Help!?
I am 30 year old unmarried and not able to control myself. feel like have female in life?
Why she is so careless about her dress?
What is a feminized opinion?
spiritually/mentally?
how do people balance ego and ability?
what is the difference between impulse control and anger management and how do they relate to each other?
Why don't I like when someone makes me happy?
Social experiment: Why am I more interested in the comments on a viral facebook photo than the actual photo?
Nervous for my speech on Monday i can't stop thinking about it i will mess up and fail what should i do?
Is Rastafarian a counterculture group or a variant group?
,why do i get weird empty feelings ever since i was very young?
how does self loathing manifest in humans?
Should I be embarrassed about this, please help?
how does anger manifest in humans?
Is Fifty Shades of Grey going to be this generation's Basic Instinct?
what methods do people use to control their tempers and what are the consequences of poor impulse control?
Why is life so unfair for women?
what is the difference between pressure groups and movements?
what methods do people use to control their tempers and what are the consequences of poor impulse control?
What would you do if you were in my shoes?
If u had to chose between death and life imprisonment, what would u chose?
Patriots are another name for Patriarchs?
Can you tell pretty easily when a guy is interested in you?
I am reading Fifty Shades of Grey and going, \Oh Women, you don't know how to write us at all.\?
Is feminism more ambitious now than ever before?
Why lesbians like short girls but \heterosexual\ women don't like short guys?
I AM SO ANGERY AT THE WORLD?
Ladies, at what stage do you go, \Got him!\?
does this article make a lot of sense about why so many men really seem to hate or have strange ideas about us?
how to prevent inferiority complex and feeling inadequate and dumb when looking for a job?
Is Christian Grey this generation's Rhett Butler and is Anastasia Steele this generation's...?
Had dream i was being chased by evil monster?
Why this person never talks?
Do you believe in solipsism?
Are women going to rule the world some day?
how do people control their tempers?
How to let go of anger?
why are women uninterested short guys?
If someone says you're photogenic does that mean you are ugly?
how do i get back at a hussy who just ruined your life?
How long is too long to “wait”...?
Would you date a guy/girl that was way more “traditional” than you?
Why does Anita Sarkeesian hate damsel in distress tropes in video games...?
What does this dream mean?
GS: Does anybody else dislike the movie Hard Candy as much as I do?
PLEASE READ, How do I handle this pain?
Does this sound like social anxiety to you?
Attitudes towards male sexuality...?
Should all clothes be unisex?
Do you honestly think kids are worse nowadays?
There's the guy code, but why don't girls have one?
I miss my childhood so much I can't function properly?
Whats that feeling called when you *facepalm*?
Would you view this as more negative or endearing?
Am i depressed or just lazy ?
Do you love yourself?
Why can't I be happy?
Should I feel guilty?
Do you agree with this de?nition of success? Why or why not?
Child abuse mental effects?
do some women really live by briffords law or whatever it's called?
Do women lust after the male body?
Can someone describe to me a good lsd trip please?
What does it mean when you dream of someone that passed away?
Explain my weird dream?
What do feminists want?
Have you ever been attracted to someone much older than you?
I'm feeling really stressed!!! Please Help!!!?
Do you agree with my hypothesis on pretty girls?
What to do if you want to be a hardware engineer?
What does this dream mean?
Gee, I wonder which ideologues abuse free speech the most here at Yahoo! Answers?...?
Men & women: How much do you workout? Are you pleased with the result of your hardwork ?
Men/Women: Do you feel that working out make you more confident and attractive?
Any men here that knows the answer?
Any men here that knows the answer?
Why do girls still live in fantasy world where all guys propose to girls?
Why do a lot of men base their self-worth on how much attention they get from women?
A list of disorders with short definition?
Wouldn't this be possible to switch your gender?
Is your red the same as my red?
need help with my dreams.?
Why do I go red and embarrassed when I don't care?
Masters in Social Work vs. Counseling Psychology (MFT)?
is it possible that ghost can steal my money?
What changes in his lifestyle would a young man have to make, when he becomes a MGTOW?
Are we humans more polygamous than monogamous?
Could someone interpret this strange dream that I had?
What can I do in my situation to make my life less boring?
Why are chubby cats attractive?
What makes a good person?
social psychology essay?
What do you say of using mind sports techniques to excel at learning and workplace?
I changed myself for a guy and now I am so lost?
Does a woman have to be slim to wear belly shirts?
What would you do if you found out you lived next to a child sex offender?
What is the meaning of finding a gold necklace in a dream?
Do rapists deserve any ounce of empathy or sympathy?
Do women lust after mens bodies?
My dreams are actually happening in real life... Please help!!?
Would you support your child if they wanted to be a prostitute or a drug lord?
How important is it to be the person who cares the least in a relationship?
How did I likely get addicted to Christmas?
Men do you find it annoying when women leave the toilet seat up?
Is there a support group for people who feel anxious at Christmas Time?
If you had children would you feel happy about them growing up to be racist and intolerant of diversity?
I am stupid and cant converse at all?
Why are Ladies toilets much better than Gents toilets?
Why does Christmas always come and go so fast?
How can I get my mind off of Christmas planning?
My dreams are coming true?
Can obession be an equal thing?
Men: Would you be willing to conform just to get a girlfriend?
How do you cope when someone you love committed suicide?
Do you think sexists make good parents?
why do i always feel down?
Do you think racist parents make good parents?
If you were an alcoholic would you work in a bar?
Why do I have such DRASTIC mood swings?
Economics question about intermediate and final goods?
I don't have a social life anymore?
Are these normal thoughts?
why do people excuse when women murder people?
Dream of being a police officer that gets shot?
I keep having this very gay dream about my friend?
Do you lock yourself in the bathroom 2-3 times a day to cry?
Is using sex as a behaviour modification tool a form of prostitution?
Why do women get free annual check ups under Obamacare, but not men?
What can you do if you were sexually abused as a child?
I kept on having the same bad dream?
what do dreams mean?
Can shy adults be looked upon in a cute and endearing way, or is it more negative?
Did I stop time!?! Please only people who understand help!?
Why are women suppose to be skinny, but not men?
Why do young children trust so easily?
Suppose the own price elasticity of demand for good X is -4, its income elasticity is 3,?
Quick question for WOMEN only ( aka you clowns shut y er traps )?
My enemy at school..Please help this is driving me crazy!?
Supply and Demand Help?
how to be a lucid dreamer?
Why can't fat women just admit that they're fat?
Is this gender discrimination?
A dominant way to respond?
Why do some women allow themselves to be treated badly by one man and then blame the whole male population for?
Shouldn't women have to sign the draft to run for public office like men do?
Am I a paranoid schizophrenic?
Are these healthy thoughts?
Would a women have a harder time with the presidency because of the menstrual cycle?
Are men or women more likely to be sexist?
How can I stop having the same nightmare?
is the youth size of 3 equivalent to a women's 6?
My mum is harassing me, I'm very stressed out?
Good tips on how to stay calm?
Two states find denying men access to DM shelters to be illegal. Good or bad?
Why are women so sensitive?
Is your questions truly offensive if...?
Could I possibly have anxiety?
When or how will America collapse?
Gs: Do you think multiculturalism makes people more or less racist?
how to control my dizziness when i face my panic attack?
can you help me explain my dream?
If women could knock men up, would women be against abortion?
How much weight should a petite female lift in the gym?
Does this sound like Asperger's Syndrome?
Is it time to repeal mandatory and pro-arrest policies?
ECONOMICS Phd PLS HELP ME?
What can we learn from r'ape among the Great Apes?
My mother refuses to take me to a psychiatrist, why?
GS: Why are kids told that George Washington had wooden teeth when they were the teeth of his slaves?
Ladies: Would you have sex outside of a serious relationship?
Is she going to dump me?
does he still like me?if not why?
Doubt about colours, which should I use?
why was he acting like this?
Did Obama cheat on his wife?
Why do you think she is on her guard?
How many billions fewer brain cells do women have compared to men?
Do you view pimps as slave owners?
GS: Could subway perverts learn a thing or two from this advertisement and is it controversial?
Do smaller women eat less than bigger women?
Should colleges be required to limit access to certain courses based on gender?
why are some people ugly?
Please tell me what a day in the life of a venture capitalist is like?
Who owns the United States of America?
does she like you a lot if she tries to have you make her ex jealous?
Are men jealous of women?
men are expected to be providers, protectors and leaders.. how about women? my other question was deleted?
Why are human beings so quick to blame the unfortunate?
Why are there commercials of the poor ppl suffering for donations from us, and the commercials cost so much?.?
Do women feel almost as silly & weak as men do when they put on things like lacy and silky lingerie ?
How to be equal to normal people?
What would you call a man that is always talking and never let's anyone get a word in?
Why do some people lie all the time?
Should governments advantage a business based on the gender of who owns that business?
Why do younger guys like older women?
What does my dream mean?
Is there a drug a man can take to make his sperm unhealthy?
Genders! What is your opinion of Kangaroo Courts?
how do you live in a world filled with alpha males?
Why do I feel better playing video games?
Do you laugh at, feel neutral or feel sorry for someone with mental disorder?
i ate granite by accident and i feel. great?
Relationship with a ADHD patient?
How do you feel about colleges lowering the standards by which they find males guility of sexual assault?
Gender Studies - Do you feel you are empowered yourself?
What is your defintion of an empowered human being ?
Why do some people stay with abusive partners?
What could this dream mean?
Can I still be totally gay if this happens?
Debate: Should women be belittled and made to be homemakers?
How do you feel about the K-12 education reforms favoring girls in education?
Who could tell me where I can download the answer book of the textbook Economics (19th Edition)?
Why did I have a dream about my ex-boyfriend? (10 Points)?
What should a man do when?
Im a bad person (i want to change my life)?
Who is the victim/ bully who is the one playing mind games?
How many times do you have to practice Lucid dreamimg for it to work?
How do I stop laughing (in street or in stage)?
Do you care that people judge you?
I have a problem getting on with people?
Do men care if a woman is big, if he is big himself?
If you weren't so pretty, and you are....?
Why my dreams worst in night and happen every thing good in day time ? that means down become up in real life?
Is it wrong to fantasize about other 'people' when you are in a relationship?
Best ways to get my brain functioning better?
Do you think I have anxiety?
Is this a question for the ladies, ladies will you please read the details and answer?
Should these posters be illegal?
why do people treat like that?!?
Why have I dreamt the same dream more than once?
Should Feminists 'practice' what they 'preach'?
How does a patriarchal society differ from a androcentric society?
My supervisor blushed when I paid him a compliment>>>does this mean he likes me?
Who did MRAs blame for all the bad in society before?
What's it like living on minimum wage?
If i met 100 women and i owned a nice expensive car how many of those women would go out with me?
How to become shows toper?
Do you think that male characters on TV are better than female characters?
Why is it my fault I blame others for my mistakes?
If a women rewards a man with a certain amount of sex?
What's your opinion on feminism?
Hate being a male , women are sexier,could i be transgendered?
Is this a good way to make your boyfriend behave?
why Feminist don't like the word \mankind\?
Sudden outbursts of anger, frustration and crying at the smallest things?
Women: Do you have girlfriends?
How many personality traits a person could have?
Why is it that some people maintain that?
Wondering if I'm a misogynist?
Do you like celebs of reality shows?
is this guy is a s.e.x.s.i.s.t or not (read )?
Why am I scared of what other people think of me?
Weird dream please help.?
Does single motherhood cause poverty and crime, or?
When is the right time to lose your viginity? (Ladies only please!!)?
What is bad about single motherhood?
Lordess Durga dream , Sleep paralysis after that .?
Should there be a mandatory waiting period for abortion?
Is marijuana the feeling of being mentally ill during an endorphin rush?
did she screw my job interview?
why most western women say they don't want men?
Why do I hate people who have had normal families?
Why do some people think that when you ask a question about a topic, that you're lifestyle IS that topic?
I had a vivid dream last night something huge crashed into the moon?
when is the worst times in your life?
Do you think Cameron knows?
Why do I attract UNDESIRABLE men since I was 8?
I seriously need some advice?
Is society evenually going to turn into a place where men and women don't date, don't have sex, or...?
Did the fracturing of the second wave feminism movement in the 70s benefit women?
Race is a social construct. How so?
Are ad hominem attacks indicative of a high level of intelligece?
i feel like im a boring lame person how can i become a better person? :(?
Can't stop feeling embarrassed?
Does anyone have an opinion about this?
I have a negitivity problem.?
Father/Brother/Relative Double Standards?
Why do you think she's on her guard?
Why do some people...?
Is race a make believe concept created by the white man to isolate the black man and the asian man?
what is the psychological motivation of people who link explicit restricted material in open forums?
Is raising the minimum wage economically feasible?
Why do I feel that people become jealous of me?
How would you feel about a man who says: \I want a woman who will put me first\?
How is it most of us men find long hair on women attractive?
is it a terms of service violation to link p o r nographic material on yahoo answers?
What Happens When You Have The Same Dream Twice And It Has Continuation?
what are the rules about posting explicit links on yahoo answers and what happens if you keep doing it?
How to be happy again?
Do you ever consider that sexism is more than just against the opposite sex?
How can I stop thinking about my blinking whenever there's something sexual happening?
Why do i feel a intense connection with a stranger?
Am I wrong,or is the world becoming more unpleasant,ugly,violent,etc. Or has it always been that way ?
What's the equivalent \manhood comparison\ for women?
Best cities in brazil for high end prostitution?
Why do I still dream about my ex girlfriend?
Why do some men only get upset about perjury if it 's a woman doing it?
When a girl tackles another girl to the ground, it is counted as a girlfight?
What does it mean when you wake up in a dream?
Should I have stood up for myself?
GS: Do you think professors care about their students?
Would you consider this rape?
GS: What would be your response if the fashion for guys and girls changed drastically?
How late is 3:30 am and how early is it?
Should there be more female police to deal with rape cases?
Why most of Hollywood movies promote violence against men?
When tender feelings fade, who's to blame?
I don't know my talent?
Everytime i think life will get better, it gets worse?
What does this dream mean, please answer 4 POINTS?
Am i gay or bisexual or something else and why am I changing?
Have you, or are you suffering from verbal abuse?
Why do people call Native Americans \Indians\? It makes no sense!?
Do women naturally have more head hair than men?
Did you ever personally heard of a rape victim getting help?
Why does this happen in my dreams?
Why do so few women report it when they get r@ped?
Should I obey my mom or follow my dreams?
Is law studies on flvs hard?
why will girls do this??
I cry when I get really angry and stressed out, please help?
Can we pick up on things subconsciously without knowing how we came to that conclusion?
How do I get over my need to have a girlfriend?
Why do men barbeque more than women?
Patriarchy, is it bs?
I see visions of the future in my dreams. Is that normal?
Why do I have to be married to be accepted in society?
My male teacher calls himself a feminist?
Are there any jobs/careers that women have 'taken over\ from men?
Why is it that so many more men will automatically think the woman lied when she accused a man or r@pe?
Feminists POV is dumb, kind of?
Why is she keeping a wall and her guard up?
Is it normal to feel ashamed by a suicide attempt?
Please answer, what is going on with me?
I don't handle explanations well?
What exactly does this mean?
If a black hole was discovering heading to Earth, how would it effect people?
GS: Does it surprise you that men are 82,000 times more likely to be raped than to be falsely accused of it?
23year old no drive to do anything? help!?
Has Anyone Calculated the Cost of Canadian Bilingualism?
Please PEOPLE I need help, I'm gonna cry now?
Why is he so mean to me?
How to stop asking for the opinions of others ?
Men: do you honestly think women with shorter hair are more attractive than women with longer hair?
Is dreaming making me tired?
Have gender roles reversed in relationships?
Is the Mr Men sexist?
I had a weird dream last night?
Need help with supply and demand?
why does it seem that the male species develops a stuttering problem more than the female species?
If you were a 34 year old awkward virgin ... how would you want a girl to approach you?
How can we raise awareness amongst men about the dangers of marriage and child support?
Do you think I have anxiety?
How do I get a boyfriend for the first as a 17 year old girl ?
How do I blow off steam when I'm angry? (please read, I need mental help)?
are people with anger issues dangerous?
What to do when you feel down?
could i have bipolar disorder?
Can someone become addicted to planning and thinking about Christmas?
How do I move past this feelings of fear, of letting individuals close to me?
How can you tell that someone has asperger's syndrome? will you know as soon as you start talking to them?
Are you a bad person if you don't like fat people?
Girls of GS: Are there nationalities and races that attract you the most?
Men, what do you think about bigger women?
I fell in disgusting water?
Why do you think this happened to me?
Has feminism and its influence upon women,........?
I can't seem to maintain friendships?
Are men turned off by a few extra pounds?
If your job told you you only have two weeks left?
Is there a widely accepted theory based on evolution for deja vu?
Dreams of a door closing on me?
The zombie appocalypse is going to happen! Right?
why am i bad person?
Gender question: Do more men or women get angry when their cat barks at them?
whenever i hear someone died or is in the hospital i laugh and smile uncontrollably even if i feel terrible is?
What percent of people actually believe feminism promotes the equal treatment of men and women?
Stressed out over nothing?
My father and I were very close. I could talk to him about anything and he never?
How does 70% single motherhood help the black community?
I want to become a psychologist ?
Allowing fathers to get custody more often would cut down on single mothers?
Is it normal for a child with fighting/bickering parents to want his parents to divorce?
I killed someone and i feel so bad?
why aren't more fathers taking on the single parent role?
Deja vu or previous life?
When will woody black be able to afford a proper therapist and not have to use Y!A as a poor substitute?
Talking to an ugly girl with a nice body..guys help?
Why are women more compassionate towards other women?
Would forcing unhappy couples to stay together to counter single motherhood be healthy for the children?
Is music and knowledge easier when you actually don't have to figure out the notes or answer?
Hillary Duff's marriage ended because \the spark has gone out of it\?
How come more wealthy people are married - and the poor tend to be all singlemother,government dependent lives?
how do you acknowledge that your parents may have been abusive and move on?
im tired of my life i dont know what to do?
Am I ever going to feel bad about being molested?
Although, I'd never vote for her (Hillary Clinton), does this pic portray the power of women today?
why do i cut when im happy?
I'm always ALWAYS worried about something , why is that?
Girls: What are some annoying things about guys/men that you do not like?
Why do many workplaces and educational institutions require only men to keep short hair?
How do you know if you are thinking too much?
I'm worried about my schizoid disorder?
Are there any youtubers or anything where they are so on your wave length?
Do you find the older you get the more reserved, introspective and introverted you've become - why, if so?
If women stayed out of the workforce, would the economy improve?
Au pair at belfast? 10 points?
Between the husband or wife, who do YOU blame more in this situation?
Do men have to 'earn' most things & are things handed to them less easily in life, compared to women?
How would the government react if it felt its stability and sense of control was in danger?
Why am I feeling sad today?
People on this board are frequently racist, homophobic and sexist - are we leaving out the disabled people?
Why when you get stalked at work you feel so depressed?
Dreaming about a girl that's in love with me?
what are the elements/qualities of masculinity and femininity that are s e x specific?
would you respect someone like this?
How to stop yourself from crying when laughing?
How does it make you feel when you're sad and people talk about Africans starving?
Au pair at belfast? 10 points?
Do ghosts have thoughts?
Why are people so anti social?
Why are the MRAs considered to be a \hate group\ by some people?
What was this dream telling me?
Do ghosts have thoughts?
How would the popular television serial \eastenders\ be different if it was remade ...?
what does it mean when someone says this?!?
How would things have turned out differently if the Captain of the Titanic was a feminist?
this is serious getting shit out of me..?
Are misogynist racists often very likely to be homophobic as well?
What really makes women wet?
Which country is more tolerant to LGBTs, Britain or France?
I had a werid dream about a tall guy..? interpret!?
Are misogynists often very likely to be racist as well?
How might the movie \Fist of the North Star\ be different if remade from a FEMINIST point of view?
i know how people think?
How fo i fix my brain? What do you do when you realize you are dumb and your brain doesn't work right.?
introvert vs extrovert, fake; niece claimed introversion, convince me its not just an excuse.?
why does female laughter sound better than a guys?
Am I a b!tch or is it just me?
How to deal with stress?
Tell a woman she is pretty, all is good, is it really that simple?
I had hypnosis for confidence and i don't care what people think now, it has worked?
What activities do feminists do to improve themselves?
why do women cry so much ?
10 points!! I either need to change my brain or my body?
do males react diffrently to childhood sexual abuse ?
what do you guys think i should do?
Why do women become famous from showing their bodies?
Why do people who want to kill themselves NOT kill themselves?
Is there a shortage of female directors in hollywood?
Hard struggle with life and self. I need to relax and i want to feel!!!?
Anxiety/Panic Attack or Something Else?
Are Men Mentally Abusive By Nature?
If men could control the genders of their babies, would there be a higher proportion of boys or girls? Equal?
Do people in general not like each other?
Certain area of specialization......??
unhappy with my life and unsure where to start and what to do?
Why does my body get werid feeling when i see pain on another and my teeth tingle when i see love to another?
10 points!! I need to change either my brain or my body?
According to Freud and the neo-Freudians, who are you really?
Do you believe this man to be brave and loyal or something else?
how to cure phantom schizophrenia with psychology? and stop noticing subliminal messages?
Polygyny, Yay or Nay?
why do I tear up when I smile?
I'm only happy when I'm eating Mcdonalds (or fast food in general)?
I dreamed of a demon?
I'm tired of my life and need a change?
Which dream are you most annoyed about forgetting?
I have a sleeping phobia?
How would cavemen react to modern print?
I can't calm down, I don't know what to do!?
Would killing rapist, abusive parents, murderers, and etc be so bad?
How Do I Make This Stop?
Does Draupadi deserve respect? women opinion? 10 points?
Is Is Valentine's day a misandric holiday?
need honest opions from strangers?
Women's Thoughts on crossdressing?
Political theory + SOciology: in what way can rearing children be an act of cruelty or violation of liberty?
how can i become less sensitive to the bullsht? and actually be happy?
At what point in your life do you become an adult?
pls help me help my boyfriend not comit suicide?
When we commit acts of selfishness and the like isn't it because we are programmed to act that way?
What do you think about this person?
I feel like a mad genius?
why is he acting like this?
guy told he need feminism because ...?
Why is he acting like this?confused?
how should i improve concentration?
How would you respond to this rude remark?
I keep dreaming about shootings and it's scaring me.?
What is more important in love?
Astral Projection or just a dream?
I saw an unknown girl last night in my dreams, she was my gf...how is it possible?
Is it okay to be obsessed with something or is it unhealthy?
How might the movie \The Wizard of Oz\ be different if it were remade from a FEMINIST point of view?
Do private psychiatrists get the intervention team involved?
I would rather die then commit suicide.what would you do?
What is the difference between fascism and capitalism?
how can i become less sensitive to the bullish...and actually be happy?
Need help identifying something?
how can i overcome a fear of a certain person?
Undiagnosed criminals?
Why do so many men on here seem to think women are responsible for choosing bad partners but men aren't?
men: questions about women, jealousy, drama?
what is the effect of natural selection on variations in organisms help or your lame?
Why is it more acceptable for women to pose sexy and take selfies?
how can you change this into different words?
Why do people (men in general) stand looking at someone with his arms crossed in front of him; with a grudge?
tips on molding myself into the person i want to be?
Describe your room and how it reflects your personality?
Why does it seem like the best way to handle those who provoke is not to ignore or be emotive, but be neutral?
Does life get any better when your older?
So sad it makes me! help please? I really don't understand her.?
Feeling so lonely and depressed what to do.?
How to overcome feels about your idol?
Crying in my sleep, what does it mean?
How can i get a good personality?
Does anyone else become randomly introverted at times?
Does my boyfriend see himself as my child or something? Is this something we can fix somehow?
Help with an economy question...?
What is the rationale behind judging a human individual by their gender?
Dreaming A game that was continuing all of time!!?
when i confessed my sin to god I was stressed and full of fear and i was shaking is this wrong?
Feminism? Don't you think it's absurd judging by the way women demand it?
I want to be awesome and confident and find love and lust?
What does it mean to know someone?
Has all the porn and selfies out there made guys somewhat blaise about women's bodies nowdays?
I had a snake bite dream?
How much dose of Bromazepam (Lexotanil) is necessary to attempt suicide?
Weird ocd types Obsessions. HELP?
What does my dream mean?
GS: Do you consider yourself to be a healthy person?
Why was my girlfriend upset when she asked what I wanted to be \satisifed\?
Which gender hates deliberate improper grammar more?
Is it weird that I prefer having nightmares?
men: do you think this true for yourself and the majority of other males also?
Is knowledge of psychology necessary for economics?
how to become a researcher?
I dreamt that my coworkers were stealing my properties, e.g. laptops, etc.?
men: how old were you when you figured out?
Why if there is some bad guy you get to hate all other guys?
Do adveritising firms lead to higher profits for a firm?
How to avoid negative thoughts?
i have had the same dream ever night for the last past months?
If you could describe only one main different between male and female cultures, what would it be?
Why do I cry when I think of my ex boyfriend, yet feel nothing?
Manscaping, Will it harm my masculinity?
I want to know how to overcome from the fear of giving speech on stage.?
Why do i feel like I'm not myself?
I absolutely loath being called sir and I'm not even that old. I cringe! I hate it! Is this normal?
Why is rape so prevalent in India?
How to lucid dream for beginners?
I need help please tell me what you think?
Do I have dyslexia on a miniscule scale?
psychological aspects of criminal behavior?
Is it possible for someone to loose their skill? Explanation below.?
Can people survive as canibals?
Why can't I shake this pit of anxiety in me?
Is this just normal 'boys will be boys' behavior?
Why do people fall in life?
does anyonw know how cope with the fact you have wasted a few years of your life?
Can someone with crippling insecurities be sexy?
In what ways I could improve my life style of being over-sheltered?
So, if I am given a little more preference and treated a bit more differently because of my looks?
I'm having this strange outer body dream?
Find the long run and short run cost functions for a ?firm with a production function f (K; L) = KL?
What are the three dimensions of both economic and political aspects of globalization?
What does this scary dream mean? please answer ASAP?
Psychologically, what is that makes us do silly things?
Should welfare payments be cut?
what kind of industries will achieve the largest fall in sales if an economy moves into a recession?
Do women decide what men give them in return for s/'..e///..sx?
How long has it been since you bathed. Would you stop bathing if they paid you?
A question for the guys. More than three decades ago I changed my dating habits and attitude, because I?
how can you increase your self confident?
dreaming about trains?
What does it mean if a girl asks me this?
Definition of mindfullness in psychology?
What does my dream mean?
Is this person trying to outsmart me or am I paranoid?
please i need help in choosing a master degree?
what do you do when you feel suicidal? i just want to be gone from this worl filled witb cruel people.?
Am I being disrespected by my professor?
Have you ever handed \the wrong assignment\ in to your teacher?
Is it normal to feel this way?
Why are 'black' people called \black\ even though their skins are actually brown?
How to get back your self confidence and snap out of low morale?
What should I do? Please help.?
Feeling guilty for telling a lie? please help?
Does this sound okay (short version)?
I'm jealous of my aunt's university grades. plz help?
If you were drop dead gorgeous, would you want people to treat you different based on your looks?
help me! how to overcome the discrimination against the childfree?
I feel numb, I hate this town?
Do you think this is a possibility ?
Does this sound okay?
Isnt it funny how women treat you different based on looks?
Will I get a nightmare?
Do you think most older or adult women can pull off...?
Is it true when you go to LA (and your a woman) your insecurities increase because there are many gorgeous ppl?
Feeling guilty for a \lie\?
Do you think that women would make good bandits?
I think my bf can do better than me??
Do you think this is a good idea?
Will he find me cold and boring after this?
What is the true about women not getting paid as much as men?
What does this scary dream mean?
What do you think this dream might mean?
How to be more confident and brave?
can humand and other primates produce a mixed offspring?
Why do people bully? Don't they know it's a bad thing to do?
i really need some advice :( thank you for reading?
Women, could you outrun a man?
I'm against casual sex and don't know why?
Had a weird dream dont know what it means but I just want to share it?
Can anyone explain, what tools RBI uses to make Rupee stable against Dollar ? And how it works ?
Why do women always expect men to express interest first(generally)?
Do dreams tell the future?
what does this dream mean?
Why can't I stay in relationships?
How should i remember something i saw in a dream?
Sleep deprivation causing odd sleep walking type things?
Usage of US dollars instead of other currency, Why?
What maintains the US currency rate?
suicidal thoughts and killing myself?
People of Gs:How tall are you?
Really weird dreams??
Is it more accepted to say that women are superior at something, than to say that men are?
she dreamed having sex with ex?
Whats the worst thing you can do to get back at someone you hate?
What does it mean when you hate people feeling pitty for you?
why are men more smart than?
Random fear and paranoia.?
how do I stop being so angry?
Marginal profit equals to:?
An increase in the cost of material needed to produce cement blocks causes the following change in the cement?
Can no social life hurt your school life?
Is there an online/play store party planner?
What do you do if your mother can't accept that you are an adult?
Why do I get made fun of for having dreams and goals, and trying to pursue them?
what is there about human evolution that cant be explained?
Why am I having weird dreams?
dream about horse and someone I used to date.?
Can i do wadu 2 times in order to avoid ghusul as I wasn't able to do it? And then do gusul when get time?
Can women be considered sexist?
What does it mean when you dream about your own death, but parents are the one who set up your death?
Why are people so stupid these days?
Ego death in my dream?
Why do people think what they're brought up in is \the right way\?
What is the full detail of FDI?
Theres this man thats just found out about his life is a television show...?
How do I interpret this dream?
Which would you choose to go on a date with?
Do men get grossed out by the sight of period blood?
Why are some addictions more socially acceptable than others?
What do you think this dream means?
How has the number of creationist increased in the US?
Why do so many people not know the definition and value of \teamwork\?
why chivalry should be eliminated?
Strangest nightmare ever need help kind of losing sanity over here a bit?
How should I act after getting over a confrontation with someone?
Is this type of psychological sub-play commonplace?
How give self-moral support (if it exists)?
Why did I have a black and white dream?
How Should I Go About Coming Out Of My Shell And Being More Talkative and Social?
Why are people so mean on social net?
what does this dream mean?
what does this dream mean?
Im 24 and I still feel insecure over my looks, is this normal?
How would a person with autism react to a loud noise like a train horn at about 50 feet?
Sudden panic and fear?
Asperger's syndrome physical traits?
What do I do to change this situation?
16yr old random out burst of anger does take medicine to focus?
why cant anyone tell me what this song means?
I'm depressed I think and it's starting to affect my school work. I need help??
Which part of a female's body is the most useful...?
which type of feminism is most appealing to young women and men today?
How can I stop crying about a particular subject? It's really, really distressing me?
Is it possible that your myers briggs personality could change?
Does anyone know the average number of sunspots per year for the 19th Century?
dream interpretation please help!?
How to not be depressed?
Is it okay to feel sad ?
Can I tell you somthing?
We don't really know ourselves until we've been put under pressure?
How do I stop caring what people think of me?
I smile until my face hurts?
Is it true that all attractive girls or women are arrogant/a-holes/moody/ignorant/players?
Lucid dreaming or what is this? :(?
what led to the rise and fall of the cattle boom?
Do you ever feel completely alone?
How do i forget, win or replace her?
nature vs nurture, need help with example?
Looking for help in Psychology?
Do you get anxious when you are not listening to music?
Really Scared Help Me!!!?
calling suicide hotlines are a joke?
Kiss dream why did it feel so real ?
Keep having dreams about snakes?
Why most women tennis player are soo Hot?
I've been feeling really down lately? Help?
Why am I really lazy?
Why do nations differ in their economic development?
Why does change bring about confidence?
Tips on letting go of narcissism?
Who Can Explain This Sort of Discrimination?
Are you more of a \black and white\ thinker or \grey area\ thinker?
How well do you think i can predict the future?
How do I overcome a fear of glitter?
Can't get over lost items?
do i have anxiety? ***?
Competition just kills me?
Coworker called me stupid for giving money to a homeless man?
I can't bring myself to answer text messages? Emotional problem?
how to use right brain while thinking...........?
How can I overcome a sexual fetish?
where i can get more detailed information about dissociative identity disorder?
What things were important to you at 20, 25, 30, and 35?
What would you do if strangers were making fun of you in public?
What are some smaller structures within the frontal lobe?
Did my dream predict the future?
I miss my father, Help?
What would you do if strangers tried to make fun of you?
I need help or advice in the condition I'm in.?
Does amebiais kill you in a good or a bad way?
Was this considered as a punch on the back for this girl?
Almost all of my dreams involve water?
Is dating between men and women getting worse due to the state of current society?
Are skinny women always healthier?
What is your opinion on those with Paraphilia or dark?
What will science and technology bring in the next 50 years?
How to determine Real GDP?
Would you ever consider marrying a sibling?
When you see a man with children in public, are you suspicious of him...?
Why are some people so grouchy?
I need an organization that Assists women?
What are you longing for in your life?
how to dail with this disappointing change? help?
How can I get over my anger/past? Help?
Techniques to improve social skills?
Is it weird to find your body attractive?
Social anxiety vs. socially awkward?
Having trouble feeling lonely all the time. Can this be helped?
How to get over a fear of riding airplanes?
Help! I believe.......?
Where can I find research linking alcoholism and latent homosexuality?
Is it possible that i have glossophobia or just get really nervous?
Why do/don't you believe in climate change?
Is this standard male behavior?
Are celebrities really happy?
What are some affects on the brain of Hallucinogens?
He disrespected me, but is mad at me for taking offense?
Why is admitting you think you have a good figure bad?
Why am I like this? what can I do to loosen up myself and be more extroverted?
The truth does not change according to our abilty to stomach it?
why are only men held accountable for the partners they choose but women aren't?
What would you like to do differently in your life?
w likely is it that a man 35 to 45 yr old would dates a woman?
How often do you dream a week?
what determines that elasticity classification.?
What does this dream mean?
does anyone agree women are more beautiful without makeup?
Dreaming of a a dead close friend ?????
Would you rather have an attractive face or nice body?
I don't know why I cry.?
how to get over a fear of tap water?
I want life to be easy, is that bad?
Being human is being miserable, but I can't get over him:(?
Is a Men's Right Movement Coming?
Typically what is the appropriate age in your opinion, for one to begin training as a psychotherapist?
Nervous about College social life?
Women: How often where you hit on by older men whilst young?
Is it wrong to abort your baby if it has Down syndrome?
Do individual have a greater impact than larger in starting in war?
Does Altaic mean genetically related?
Females, can you run as fast as your male relationship partner if you needed to?
Overcome fear of fish?
Mentors...? Father figures???!?
why am I having dreams the devil taken me away buy then I can't scream but I wake my self up screaming?
How come we forget something when we think about it?
HELP I'm petrified of everything? Even my own shadow.?
How come some guys don't even ask your age and just assume you are a certain age?
Gender Studies - Do you understand what two can do that one can't?
Confused about slut-shaming?
Who thinks Uranus is colder than Neptune?
GS: Which of these relationship bonds is the strongest, in your opinion?
Why do we send our children to university and college when they get amoral corruption from lieberal heads?
Positive and Negative Correlation?
Do you think professors care if you don't pay attention to them?
Is it hypocritical for NOW to support the tender years doctrine...?
Help with these supply curve shifts?
What does it mean that I had a dream that I was bob the tomato from veggie tales?
Can you tell me some interesting topics on Great Britain ?
Please read i need help, Is this a normal mind set to have???
I feel so trapped and I can't trust anyone.?
Why am I always awkward and nervous around certain people?
what is wrong with me!?
Can someone become a sociopath?
Is this normal to feel like this?
Have you ever had a hero/heroine of the opposite gender?
After women deteriorate why should men be forced to stay with them in marriage?
GS: Which race faces the most racism today?
How to improve my self esteem? Please give me both meditation and other ways to improve it.?
Should an alcoholic be blamed for his/her problem or are they sick just like a diabetic or blind person?
What do you think of women that abort simply due to inferior genetics?
GS: Who will take care of the aging population (aka future us!) if birth rates are declining?
Can I get arrested for sending nude pictures or anything beyond that if I am 27 and he's 26?
What's the maximum weight you like on your woman?
GS: What do you think of people that are racist?
How to make myself slip into a coma?
Is This Some Form Of Suppression?
Has anyone here actually played spin the bottle?
I have very low self-esteem?
Can I buy a Neanderthal skull?
Men - Do you think tan women look leaner than pale women?
My narcissistic personality disorder husband left me and I don't know how to deal?
Im done with life I cant take it?
Why is this happening and can I stop these dreams/thoughts?
if everything is fine, why am i still crying?
What does my dream mean regarding three snakes?
What does it mean to be Left/Right Brain dominant?
Guys who verbally attack girls they don't know at all?
Do you hear voices in your head?
I feel the need to \fix\ people?
What is the cause of the fear that builds in one with OCD-Anxiety?
My class think I'm depressed.?
I feel like giving up on life??!!?
genetics in psychology?
How did susan b. anthony finally win voting rights for women?
is this a good psychological analysis?
Should a single female 30 years old have her own place or still be living with roommates?
Why do liberals deny that it is easy to tell what someone's personality is like based on their race alone?
What is your biggest concern about today's society?
Why do I always have horrible Thursdays?
What should I do when I get scared really easily all the time?
Why am I so antisocial and how can I change?
Is it true that African American women tend to be louder than other races?
black shadow in my dream?
high cultural society . where in the USA ?
Why do I always act a certain way and embarrass myself often without realizing it?
i had bursts of random sadness/depressed feelings?
Do you ever feel sorry for whites that suffer racism?
Can people see strangers in their dreams?
Solve for profit maximization?
Do religious people study sociology and psychology?
My dreams are confusing. help?
What was he thinking?
Gender Studies - What facts would be convincing?
Is my dream telling me something (mature people please who know what there talking about)pt:2?
Is my dream telling me something (mature people please who know what there talking about)pt:2?
Is it normal to feel that it's hard to breath and a pain and a weight in your chest when anxious/depressed?
Why is everyone treating me so badly here?
What is wrong with me?
would most support the conclusion that Brazil is an emerging economy rather than a developing economy?
Why do guys stutter when they talk to me?
Do you consider yourself a 'likeable' person?
is it true that sonetimes dreams tell you what's to come in your future?
Psychologists: are there any studies regarding why some people insist that sexual preference is a choice?
Why do so many girls have internalized mysogyny?
Men, do you find this woman attractive?
In what what year did the oppression of women through patriarchy start and who was the man that started it?
what are some types of cost that might affect AVC and MC?
Is it justified for a girl to tell her boyfriend to \man up\ under these cicumstances?
Weird things happening in my house?
Are they jealous?why?
I hate my life!!! I'm not kidding?
men, do you prefer thicker or slimmer thighs on women?
Why do depressed people cut themselves?
Which women are better off financially?
Have you ever been rejected?
Why have I been having nightmares lately?
Men, is the women(left) your ideal woman?
How many years of university would I need to be a clinical psychologist?
Why the \West\ has such a bizarre arsenal of gender-related words?
Why would a teenager find psychology interesting?
How do you develop self worth?
Can women have big hips and still be considered slim?
Understanding someone with Asperger's Syndrome?
My personality changes on a daily basis. I don't even know who I am anymore.?
use the ideal gas law to explain each of the folowing situations:?
Help I need advice why is he doing this to me , :(?
How do i stop being so overly attached?
Is being genius always touched with insanity/madness?
Are men or women more likely to be 'opinionated'?
Is 5 guys a lot for a girl to have slept with?
Weird moments in dreams?
How to intimidate people?
Why are men suppose to be dominant?
Gender Studies - Do you ever have the feeling you are making your own history?
Would you agree that if a man persuades a woman into sex by sulking, he has raped her?
Trying to get in the dating game with no social skills is that possible?
So i had this weird dream can anyone tell me why i had this ?
Do you want answers that are what you want to hear or the honest opinions/truth?
Men, do you think Kate Upton is fat?
Intrusive Sexual Thoughts?
Nature vs. Nurture Debate Help. NATURE Side!?
I'm having hallucinations in my sleep?
Have you ever met or worked with a man who was sexist against men in favor of women?
Brain Question- Unable to Describe Objects?
Do most guys care if they're surrounded by females at home?
Am I being stalkish or no?
Am I depressed if there are times that make me happy?
Gender Studies - Is it a compliment if someone answers your question sincerely?
Do you ever feel like your chances of being happy have been ruined by the media?
Simple, painless ways to die?
What does it mean if you have a dream with bus crashes in it?
How to Connect what I Learn.?
I'm depressed. how can I solve this?
Is she schizophrenic for copying me BEHIND MY BACK?
Men, do you care if a woman is a little bigger?
Are you more positive with people who answer your questions than with other questions?
Do you attract mostly men or women who you don't like?
how do i stop being so angry all the time and start over plz help?
How to be equal to my fellow high school graduates?
What do dreams of death mean?
Is it wrong to commit suicide?
What's the best woman or man bashing question back fire you've seen?
How can I better improve my social abilities?
Why do MRAs not support the concept of ENTHUSIASTIC consent before sex?
Is everyone else also noticing that when they edit an answer, it doesn't show?
If the massive sale of Bonds to finance the American Deficit is to be cut, why would the Interest Rate?
Examples of individualism and collectivism?
What do you think about revenge ra'pe?
What is the name of an indigenous peoples living at the highest altitude ?
What do I do to calm myself down?
What do you do when your sweating?
Why is its improtant to recognise and respect an individual's heritage?
Is this just Anxiety? Or is it something more?
what is artifical inteligence?
Why are women not taught to take consent from the male partner before sex?
is it normal to day dream being a popular kid in highschool in reality all of them are just nasty.?
What is the difference between qualities and attitudes?
Spiders are out to get me. I can't handle this anymore. why? WHy? WHHHTYHUYY?
Why did this dog bark at me when i glared at its owner?
When giving support how helpful is it to only include a link and no supporting quote?
Why would this ad be considered misogynistic?
I had a weird scary dream?
Why am I such a \b*tch\ and how can I stop??!?!?!?
If consent is obtained under duress, then should such sexual intercourse be considered rape?
are rapists psychopaths?
I thought I had a non lucid wake induced dream but more I think about it I think it was a wild?
Is \feminists\ code word for \women who won't have sex with me\?
Exercising your critical thinking process to avoid been alienated from reality?
What are your opinions on this statement?
Recurring dreams of my late dog?
Why does he act WEIRD when we hang out? Should I ask him if he still wants to be friends?
what are the problems of science?
Economics homework help?
Why Euthanasia is NOT Suicide?
Research against the sociobiological theory of relationship formation?
Would anyone who claims rape is rare...?
What is a dream of yours?
list three problems the japanese faced in designing this attack?
I want to be a psychologist but im scared I won't be able to find a job with a degree in psychology?
Can confessions of r@.p3 on Y!A be used to convict people in real life?
why do they always treat me like this? I am a girl?
Why do girls always treat me like this?I am a girl?
How can a person be said to have good verbal skills, and yet poor social skills?
r men good with women or not?
How do you act toward someone after you've had a loud yelling argument?
question for jews one lineage?
are women feminists more likely to protect animals or be hunters?
Of the people who admonish parents that keeping kids safe is THEIR responsibility?
What does this dream mean?
I'm crying because I hate my body?
Whats up with men complaining about what women wear for sizes?
need advice? told my teacher i self harmed?
Is it normal to have the urge to be busy and to get any job done?
Should all laws restricting the sale of certain products to minors be repealed?
had a dream I saw a tiny goldfish swimming in my cats water filter. lol what is this?
What is a good indicator of the prevalence of rape?
What is the Difference between Psychology and Philosophy?
what would you do if it were you?
My girlfriend is older than me and has been in relationships before. She wants to go slow, but I am embarrased?
Alright, this is gonna maybe sound stupid..?
is this a mental imbalance?
Are r@.p3 apologists and victim blamers more likely to be r@.p!sts themselves?
What ethnicity could he be?
Dude in a Women's Studies Class?
Why are there funerals?
How to overcome it ?????????????
How to overcome it ?????????????
Do MRAs deliberately under-represent discrimination against women?
Why should it be illegal for people to expose themselves sexually in front of children?
Had a dream of my ex girlfriend?
Why do rich men brag about their money and then complain that they can't find true love?
Can narcissism begin as a teenager or are you born with it? What do you think about my theory?
Why do I forgive people easily? Is it because of my low self-esteem?
Should a man or woman who exposes themselves sexually to a child be charged with a crime?
How do I make myself feel completely confident all the time?
I saw a strange door in my dream?
Do you think rape is rare?
gs: If someone writes your name on the moon - will you look up to read it?
Are you people actually insane?
Is it fair for women to wear revealing clothing and be offended from the attention they receieve?
Is it actually possible to get over social anxiety?
Are you a bad person if you do not want to date someone that is transgendered?
Why is the Black race as a whole more athletic than the Caucasian or Mongol races?
Who should I tell about my repetitive dream?
How is Feminism and Gender Studies going to be in 2014?
Are there some good online psychologists I can contact?
What is it with him and FOOD!?
Why do some men misrepresent laws made to help discrimination as privilege and being unfair?
Emotionally shattered, please help!?
Do I have demons following me?
Are you a voyeur (related to my last question)?
Today is not a really good day... I missed school because I am feeling really depressed. Help? I'm 13.. :/?
Was feminism born from how appalled white women were when they were being treated like the natives?
Men: Have you ever dated anyone who your friends thought was out of your league?
Having the same exact dream as someone else?
I am so stressed out with school!!!! Please help me!?
For those who believe we should \End Gender\. Isn't that like saying....?
Why am i always tired and lazy. what's wrong with me?
Feeling extreme suicidal thoughts?
why my girlfriend told me she had a dream making out with my young brother?
Do women have stomachs?
HONEST ANSWERS. Is she out of my league, and if so, why does she like me?
Would anyone ever become a trillionaire, quadrillionaire or quintillionaire?
Might i have Social Anxiety?
What is the place called where we have lived our childhood?
Should I stay in London or go back to Newcastle?
do women like a high-maintenance guy?
How do I stop being prejudice?
Use the mind to resist pain during Thaipusam body piercing.Did ancient Tamils have surgical expertise?
Why do women assume guys don't get any?
Am I becoming TOO heartless?
Love dreams????????????
Dream of seeing deceased grandma in dream and she had money?
Guys: would you enjoy being told you are pretty? Or adorable?
Deja vu opinions? Why and how it happens?
i got myself into a mess. i feel so sad. how do i get out of it?
What is the opposite of withdrawal?
Why is everyone so selfish?
How to stop this feeling?
is this threat to kill me?
Have you ever received flowers from someone of the same gender?
Men what size women do you prefer?
Do I Have a Mental Disorder?
Women would you marry a man that smoked 5 packs of cigarettes a day?
What does it mean when the voice inside your head changes accent?
Ok people, honestly... Is this girl out of my league? And if so, WHY does she like me?
Why did I have this strange dream?
I keep having these moments where I'm about to die?
Why does a woman have to be skinny?
Why are you yelling?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?
why do people have dreams about celebrities?
Do physical features affect the way people live?
Why do smokers act like they are the victims? And non-smokers are in the wrong?
Can people with depression still work with people with mental illnesses?
Should men be as slim as women?
Do you ever not do anything because of gender-based fear?
How to get over what happened? Mature answers please?
Why are women so aggressive towards men nowadays?
I had a dream about my ex gf?
Is it possible to western women to livewith out s-e-x?
My little brother say's he hears voices?
Why does this girl want me so bad now?
Why do most men prefer slim women?
Is my empathy real empathy or am I a socio/phsycopath?
Why do some people not want to believe in afterlife?
I feel stupid and tired of embarrassing my parents?
Why do people say \fat women call themselves curvy\?
HOW can I become more independent and a go-getter?
i want to be a psychologist but i dont know what grades i need/?
Leonardo dicaprio dream meaning please?
how to better yourself?
What do you think is better? The male or female orgasm?
How to stop being Paranoid?
Bad dreams about boyfriend. What is wrong with me? I know he loves me?
Could the thing that gave you the deepest pain also give you the greatest joy?
Does the mind think while sleeping?
What is it with psychiatrists and condescending advice?
Am i possibly being cheated on?
I had a dream about a boy and now I have feelings for him?
Do the spirit s have a scent?
Any refernces to Freud in Popular Culture like Television and Modern Literature?
I'm scared of so many things! help?!?!?
How can I deal with gender issues?
Why do I break people's necks in my dream?
Why do I break people's necks in my dream?
How can i feel awake?
How can i feel awake?
How can i feel awake?
motivation to live ?
I feel stuck and depressed in my life?
What does this dream mean. Cleaning picking up trash in a park?
No menstruation at all.?
When did the word 'enabler' become a commonly used term in counselling?
Picture or lt. Col Samuel Joseph ware?
i'll laugh if any guy play tomb raider game.?
What term is used for international foreign exchange market?
tell me whther the sperm of a whale is more precious demanded world wide for its medicinal value?
Am I a sociopath/psychopath?
you lack discipline!?
Why do I feel so short around everyone?
Are there any advantages of alienation? if so, what are they?
My life is in a Crisis! Can anyone help me get out of it?
How essential is alienation to the lives of people? or How do it somehow change people's lives?
Why do men on here say they want 'healthy' women?
Dream Interpretation needed- chicken attacking my dog?
Wife loses sexual interest in her Husband after sometime?
Do you believe in having an uncompromising?
it's scary how much i've changed over the last ten years, will i ever come back to my former self?
I'm 24 years old and my whole life be wanted to be someone else? I need serious advice?
What Is the Price?: Career Vs. Family?
Does I have any personality Problem ?
how to accept that im alone?
How to stop being mad over something?
how to stop being negative?
what does this realistic dream mean?
Please help!!!!! Human Services?
dreaming about past that never happened?
Why do some parents ignore their children's puberty issues?
Was I wrong for disconnecting call? advice?
How are people so selfish?
Question to astrologers or numerologists. I am extremely frustrated.?
my mind is dull!? my brain stopped working?
Why am I in love with a guy... that I never had?
How to get money when u hav no money nd u r poor nd there is no job?
Can some one have wet dreams in the day?
Do you think having self-respect has anything to do with nudity or sex?
why did my ex girlfriend visit my current girlfriends dream?
how many personality traits people have and...?
my negativity is ruining my life?
Why are men usually more evil than women?
I am petrified of taking showers on my period?
Can you sacrifice thoughts about opposite sex for several years?
What is the average cost of living in Canada?
is it normal to have dreams where you have sex with a family member? I NEEED AN ANSWER?
Had the WEIRDEST DREAM EVER PLEASE HELP!!! CANT SLEEP!!!?
Why would my ex boyfriend tell me to call him after i broke up with him ?
do you think i'm a weirdo?
The Difference Between Low Esteem And High Esteem ... Is Most Esteem?
What does it mean if a guy wants me to listen to the song Lolita?
personal/physiological/thepast?
why dont people want to hear the ugly truths that money and looks DO matter in life?
When celebrities lose attractiveness due to ageing, do they feel psychological effects?
Reading body language?
I'm slowly starting to resent women.?
Where most girls in 90s more socializing? And has texting in the 2000's made most girls anti-social?
What does this picture mean?
Can you be psychotic of crazy without having a bad childhood?
Whats the best lucid dreaming app for android?
Are there any psychological effects on person who was very attractive but loses attractiveness due to ageing?
why does society stigmatize the mentally ill?
Answers to questions about teen biological psychology please?
Are you an exhibitionist?
A little anxious and homesick - and I haven't even left yet?
Do women get turned by a man who has self control?
24 years old, quarter life crisis?
Psychological word for people who think they are not good looking but in reality they look good.?
At what age do people reach their complete human form (aka adulthood)?
Why is life so sad...?
she wont reply and i give up. now im angry all the time?
crazy but not crazy or jus still crazy?
Some of my co workers don't take me seriously or respect me?
Is this considered prostitution?
is objectivism an excuse to be psychopath?
What are some weird/funny/normal things humans do out loud in public?
Can you do drugs in a lucid dream?
how to lucid dream more often?
How do i improve my tolerance?
Is being skeptical part of growing up?
Does telepathy exist?
what do you mean by confidence ?
How do Women in China make sure their baby is male?
How do I get over my jealously issues?
What does it mean if I always get what I aim for?
WHY does this phenomena happen? SCIENTIFIC ANSWERS PLEASE?
why some girls tell brothers are overprotecting and controlling their sisters?
Do projects tend to be taken over by deranged maniacs?
How to get rid of the cartoon world in my head?
I don't understand. Is it wrong to want a job that requires you to work hard both mentally and physically?
why is it so hard to understand that certain topics make my uncomfortable?
What events could be described as successful implementing of command economy ?
When will men stop acting like victims and start holding themselves accountable for?
Guys, i am not an introvert..!?
Did this person survive this accident?
Are you easily emotionally attached to other people?
is it okay for an 20 year old woman to date a 34 year old man?
Is it better to raise your child alone? Or be with someone who abuses you?
Ladies: What do you thik of this?
Sometimes I sleep 14 hours in a night?
Any proof a famine occurred in Middle East circa 1730 B.C.E.?
If Hindus were originally people who settles at the banks of river Indus, them why are Dravids Hindus?
Are their any parts of racial stereotypes that are postive?
if women twerk - what do men do?
I feel like an idiot. I guess I'm socially awkward. plz help.?
What does near death experience feel and look like?
I will be 28 soon and have nobody in my life. I will die before I become apathetic.?
How to react when you realize the person you like thinks your ugly?
I feel like an idiot. I guess I'm socially awkward. plz help.?
Are black people dangerous?
why do girls act like this?
Human Evolution essay help?
Is Sociology a good program for me?
Middle child syndrome + teenage depression?
Is this social anxiety?
want to be a therapist.... A psychologist?
I had two dreams of car accidents in one night what does this mean????
humans with ears/tails?
So. How do you feel about euthanasia for humans?
One bed apartment/ mom?
Do you think oil prices will be higher 10 years from now than they are today?
Large ant-spider in dream, what may it symbolize?
Losing interest and motivation quickly?
Why is it that White women can get away with racism but White men can't?
Is the Evolution reversible?
I was molested as a child and now having nightmares?
Psychology Experiment HELP?
How would I go about working at a suicide prevention center?
I had sex with my best friend? Now he always wants sex? What do I do?
Why sustainability is important? at least three reason?
why anti-feminist are sexist but anti MRA are normal?
Do interesting questions get deleted to drive people away from Y!A?
The guys call me over and they ask me \how big my dickk is\?
Does Anyone Else Feel Weird When They Start Getting Closer to Someone?
losing weight, help please :)?
What is it in reality tv that makes it so addicting?
Questionable Dreams/Nightmares?
I feel like killing myself pls help?
What ethnicity/race/nationality are these two people?
Would you mind if your boyfriend/husband was very hairy down there?
what is the fear of repeated surprises called?
I hate my teacher. is it normal?
I can not get a life?
what does this mean? and how do i repeat it?
Women: Have you had any dream or ambition to get into acting, modeling or other such careers?
What should i do now? :(?
About delay of menstruation?
What does this ghost want from me?
When does adolescence end?
are men and male experiences used as the standard for many norms -?
Feeling of need for an attractive woman?
Was this girl Kendra attacking me?
Help for my psychology midterm please?
Why do females hate each other so much?
why are men and male experiences used as the standard for many norms -?
How to deal with a bad temper?
Is anxiety normal at age 14?
Is dementia a good research topic on human behavior?
Is Violence okay if it is used to better society?
Dream Interpretation?
What does this kissing dream mean?
Saw crocodiles in my dreams last night?
What can I do to make myself feel better?
What do dreams about breaking bones mean?
Who is the most privileged group in the American society ?
What does it mean to dream about the Rapture?
What's the worst kind of bullying?
I AM Lost In Life :*?
Ever wonder why modern liberals choose wrong over right, evil over good, and the behaviors that lead to ...?
music affect morning mood?
Please take your time to read and answer?
What's the difference between ethnicity and race?
I'm 6'8 1/2 and struggling with it. Help?
Feeling like my life has no meaning?
How to calm parents.?
Hi there, preferably a psychologist can help, but anyway.?
how can the age of something be a result of sandblast?
What does this dream mean?
One of those \friends\?
Simple, painless ways to die?
can someone help me with some advice please?
Why do a lot of psychopaths and sociopaths have failed suicide attempts?
How to gain my pride and dignity back after an unfair break up? feeling down..Really need your advise.?
would you agree with this? or do you think the situations are too different to comparee?
How to tell if you're having an anxiety attack?
How do you feel about marijuana?
please answer if you`re a psychiatrist or knows some psychology. what could this paranoia be about?
stupid cartoon world in my head I can't get rid of?
Why do I do this and how do I stop it?
Exhaustion answer this question please?
Are you a feminist, mra or neither?
What are MRA opinions on circumcision?
HELP!! Am I a weird person?
Gender Studies - Do you find this shocking?
Really need help!!! Please?
Simple, painless ways to die?
how can I get over it?
Would there be backlash if a black person identified with their ethnicity over their race?
Would there be backlash if a black person identified with their ethnicity over their race?
Does the unconscious mind understand only our native toungue?
Do I have Anxiety??????
Do you think most men prefer women wearing natural make-up, etc?
how to deal with my depression and suicidal thoughts?
Simple, painless ways to die?
You smile in traffic jams?
Do you think she is naturally beautiful?
Pros and cons of Imperialism?
You have gone through a day?
Why must we have these diagnosis for people?
please help! im having extremely bad dreams about demons?
What does my dream mean? Sort of came true but not with me?
My councelor talks sh*t about me?
I want to be an anthropologist but my school only offers a sociology degree. Will this suffice and help me?
Weird dream????????10pts?
what is engineering psychology and what behavior would it most likely work with?
Why do I keep dreaming about this person?
Forgetting some things?
Did the feminist pushed, Women's Educational Equity Act favor one gender in K-12 education?
Best Things To Do For Maximum Mental Performance?
how can i be more outgoing and stop being shy to everyone i meet.?
Ladies: If your S/O told you to refer to him as Daddy, would you?
What's wrong with me? Child sexual abuse trauma?
Have you noticed that Chinese food never has cheese?
simple, painless ways to die?
What if Neanderthals had not gone extinct?
What do you believe motivates women to become collectors of the 'So Real' babies?
Why are there so many guys who think we hate them?
What do you think of when you see someone helping someone else?
What does this dream mean?
Have you ever had a dream that was so un-believably weird that...?
How to turn anger into sadness?
what are indicators of developmentv?
Why can't parents control their children lately?
Social problems toward girls?
Why is my therapist such a smart ass?!?
Three part ACA/economics question?
Why can't I just be normal and happy like others?
Combinations of two types of economies?
Why are humans so insecure and easy to offend?
What's the Difference Between American and European Teenagers?
What would Sigmund Freud say?
Walked outside at dark saw white wolf snarling coming at me and attacked me in dream. Struggled with wolf Help?
Why do I lack some sense in my thinking?
Can children be born socially awkward?
Can an introvert raise their tolerance to social interaction?
Certain sounds (like eating) makes me angry.?
What is reverse psychology and how is it used (examples)?
Sociopath vs psychopathy?
What are feminist opinions on male circumcision?
Why does my stepsister ask why I don't like something?
Why do people think smoking weed is \disgusting\ and \morally wrong\?
how do you stop procrastinating?
How to stop forget about something I'm nervous about?
How to stop being jealous?
how to get over negative comments?
Are men or women more prone to be alcoholics?
why would your wife stop being Biblical?
How do people successfully get through to an alcoholic to guide them to getting help?
social anxiety and ways to not seem socially awkward?
why do some girls think no guy is out out of their league?
I like this class, but it is controlled by smartasses, what to do?
What's in your MAN-CAVE?
How can I be less shy?
What would the idea social network consist of?
What happened to the days when the strongest man used to get all the women?
why do girls think all guys can't take a hint?
What's the point of relationships?
Advice for someone with GAD?
Why is rape so rampant in India?
Why do guys get mad when a girl lies about having a boyfriend?
is there something wrong with me?
How would you react if your BF/Husband was trying to get you pregnant without your consent?
Why this boy is strange with me?
Ladies: What is more important to you in a Man their Teeth or their Money?
How do I know if I have photographic memory?
what makes a person want to run away?
15 , depressed and suicidal, please answer?
When becoming financially independent why might a young adult develop social and/or emotional problems?
What should I study if I love the Megastructures and similar documentaries?
Tips on speaking in front of people?
why do girls give you their numbers and don't like it when you call them?
what are some tips I can use to stop binging and purging?
Why is this girl soo weird?
I dreamt I dropped my cell phone into a river and retrieved it?
Should people be more private about their sex lives?
Do guys think that if you give them your number then you want to date them?
Is it a coincidence that the inequality gap has increased as more women have entered the work force?
I can't fully trust anyone?
Can being in a relationship actually boost your self esteem?
Is gold-digging a natural instinct or learned behavior?
Really weird dreams???
how do you know when you should go see a psychologist?
GS: Would you date somebody who has the same name as your pet?
What is The Meaning of this Reoccurring Dream?
would you write a suicide note?
How does music help the economy?? Research Paper help?
Is it possible to find this kind of a man in this day and age, honestly?
How do I get my disorder under control?
What do you think about people who go through your questions and answers and make notes about them?
what does my dream mean?
How do I change my life?
I am scared of being robbed again? VERY LONG!?
is porn about male sexuality?
Why do some bigger women assume other women are hating on them?
A gay woman has been flirting with me but I'm not gay?
why do some women assume that a man will be a rapist just because he's a man?
If women's real objective is to...............?
What is Bipolar Disorder ?
Is this statement true?
is it too early in the relationship to bring this up?
People who write their name on everything they own?
GUYS: How often do you check out girls?
Why does rape have to be a man woman issue?
Men: What do you think of a woman who is worried about being used for sex?
Three farming techniques that are sustainable?
Men, be honest with yourselves. Do you think you deserve a woman who's out of your league?
What does this dream mean?
What jobs can you get with an Economics degree?
Do feminists sometimes do things?
How do i stop seeking revenge?
Criminology Question? I'm super stuck!?
regaine for women does it work in the sun?
On/Off feeling of loneliness?
Please help me with my sociological survey for uni !!! It only takes a minute?
I had a dream my ex boyfriend and I had a kid, what does it mean?
White men, do you prefer curvy or skinny women?
dreamt my brother died?
Had a romantic dream about a teacher?
Why does this happen to me?
Men, which woman do you prefer?
I feel like an idiot. I guess I'm socially awkward. plz help.?
Did modern humans all used to have smaller-looking eyes?
Is it me - or are feminists always looking for sympathy - or making themselves out to be victims?
What is it with the cute ones?
After a very long time of not getting what you want, do you stop trying? like with relationships or goals?
When people who are called this name, often seem like they are hurting, marginalized, etc?
Since many believe men and women can do the same things, are there any differences between the two?
I think I can sense spirits?
How come people who are anti-abortion do not seem to care about the children they force into the world?
Men: How would you respond if a woman declined to have sex, because she is not attracted to you?
I told a lie. The guilt is killing me :(?
Are these signs I am having dreams of past lives?
Help! I need to stop spending so much time on my iPod! Help me please!?
Sensitive feelings...how to avoid pain?
Why am I terrible at everything in life?
Men, do you think these women are fat?
what is a good way to kill your grandmother?
How come i have \Visions\?
need help with psychology homework!?
Help, I really cant get myself to study ?
I really just need someone to be there for me?
Dramatic weight loss AND personality change? ANSWER PLEASE!!:(?
why do people think that men don't need to be treated well or care for?
what happens if you commit/attempt suicide at school?
Is it normal to feel sad because you can't really connect to certain people anymore?
About Operant conditioning, Classical conditioning, and Reinforcement!!?
How come people are so passionate about abortion yet these people don't care about killing insects?
Do most men prefer slim women over curvy women?
is this a backhanded compliment?what does it mean?
What do Three Recurring Dreams of Mine Mean?
Why are people stressed and angry?
Why am i so scared that i'm gonna get into a car accident...?
Why is the man usually/always blamed in cases of infidelity?
Please help my mental state? ASAP?
Are these men serious?
girls, which would be the biggest turn off, when you meet a guy you like ?
Terrified of going home from work.?
Is there a breast version of twerking?
My husband insults me sometimes..it has been increasing?
Do men like this expect women to ignore or not notice these huge red flags?
Women, which do you trust more?
How can I feel good about myself?
is it sexist that jerk is a term usually reserved for men?
GUYS pleaase explaain this!!?
Is the saying \Real women have curves\ the stupidest thing you've ever heard?
Please explain to me what it is about religion that makes people stupid and so full of hate.?
Please explain to me what it is about religion that makes people stupid and so full of hate.?
how can my behaviour affect others?
Why is twerking mostly done by young women, and not young men?
Why do some people hit something after staring at me?
Why are the drummers in most music bands men?
Why do i get so nervous when i am forced to read aloud in spanish class?
Should i break up with this girl?
What does it mean to hear a foreign language in a dream?
Why does it seem like unrequited love is usually glorified..?
Please listen to me: I had a disturbing dream?
I feel like an idiot. I guess I'm socially awkward. plz help.?
does anyone have any data on the pays scales of exotic dancers/strippers?
What do female animals tend to look for in a mate and what do women tend to look for?
why is that men are so easy to manipulate and lure into a woman's carefully laid plans?
Sexual assaulted at the age of 3, should I feel like this now?
GS: What would you do if somebody held your hand too long when you shook hands with them?
Does premature $3xual climaxing exist for women and if so, how common is it?
To those who spent their youth in solitude; do you regret it & what are the pros & cons?
Got some anger issues have any idea how to get rid of them?
Can you actually become obsessed with your friends?
how to get rid of my stupidity?
Is smoking considered a social issue?
why do people have sex with obviously sick and drug addicted street workers?
If 2^x+2^x+2^x+2^x=2^7, what is the value of x?
What other types of animals coexisted with Dinosaurs?
What do you think the dollar to the pound will be?
If a^5=x^3, for what value of y is a^y=a^9?
Thoughts on domestic violence as the leading cause of injury to women age 15 - 44?
What are the best job industries for me to enter?
How can I stop getting really anxious ?
identify and explain four evaluations of freuds theory?
Why can't I work hard??
I want to commit suicide due to bad marks in class 12th..please help me in dealing this.?
We took millions of years to evolve but what did we evolve from?
Your soul,your spirit,your mind and heart?
How accurate is it to use one's \feelings\ to make a character assessment?
i am getting angry for no reason right now what should i do?
In what ways do you show your graditude in life?
Through the hectic lives?
Genders! Is it the government's responsibility to babysit your children?
24 years old, feel so behind in life?
Why do people assume a woman has to dress like a tramp to recieve unwanted atrention?
I seriously don't want to be alive anymore?
what is the differences between psychodynamic and biological approach of dreams?
Do people actually want to be psychopaths?
Question about my MTBI type?
Does it bother you when you answer someones question, and then it's gone?
What is the most painless way to kill yourself?
Why do death metal songs use such vast vocabulary?
NEED URGENT HELP!!! Microeconomics!!!?
What does it mean when someone say this?
Would the world and humanity be better off without men?
Why is Islam regarded as a harsh religion towards females?
Two personalities????????????
African native genes was there ever a study?
Under a Gold Standard, is there a foreign exchange market?
I think I'm depressed?
Do you think men can fall in love out of compassion?
What do you think of this event?
I Would please appreciate some insight into this ? Does it occur usually during a friendship ?
How to become a physcopath?
To what degree was cold reading practiced in USSR?
do psychopaths like or hate sociopaths?
How to Hack Social Bias for Positive Change?
What do feminists want?
I’m having suicidal thoughts?
Was freedom of speech created to protect chauvinistic and religious beliefs?
Why do married/attached people visit adult dating sites?
What does this recurring dream mean?
Should there be any laws restricting the sale of certain products to minors?
Which of the following is included in the United States' GNP but not its GDP?
it is better for the economy to have 1000 people buy new cars than for one rich man to save $20 million.?
Why don't abortion \buffer zones\ apply equally to men who elect financial abortion...?
Can't turn on lights in my dream, just some..?
Women: What do you think of this?
how to forget someone?
What? How can I do to not suffer because of this?
What is it about abortion that really bothers people?
Is it myth or fact? some people here say that nowadays western countries has become very anti-male?
Where can I find inflation rates for Europe in the 1930s?
Should it be legal to broadcast pornography to anyone of any age who has a TV?
How can I NOT have nervous breakdown??
help i have a serious urge to cut?
Any stories of rebellion against parents?
dreamed about missing a sweater?
Do economic ideas matter?
What do you think Armageddon actually is?
Am I expecting too much from life?
Does the FCC violate American's rights by prohibiting \Obscene, Indecent and Profane Broadcasts\?
(poll) What do you believe your purpose in life is?
Could women survive in a world without men? (pretend women could self procreate themselves)?
Why should hardcore pornography be available to any child who knows how to use a computer?
If a dog bites you, should it be put down?
How to deal with crab mentality of other people to me?
Do anti porn campaigners understand they have even less chance of success than the male sexists...?
why almost all women hate their husband's mother?
Why do people aged about 30/35 consider 20s as kids?
I dreamed about my ex girlfriend?
Do some women actually believe that white women were chattel?
People always leave me...?
Do pregnant women have the right to not be around smokers?
I dreamed of facial hair? Im a guy?
I have really low self-esteem?
How can I get over that?
In order for a statement to be a valid scientific hypothesis, it must be potentially useful to society.?
My ex told me to commit suicide?
Is it normal to be extremely insecure and envious?
Can humans survive without technology?
i feel irritated violated just by my fenale teacher touching my shoulders?
What do you think of mothers who say they would never have a baby after 30?
Do you feel or somehow know for sure that your mind is not the only thing that exists?
Anexity is destroying my life !?
Am I different from the normal girl?
Why do women get a choice but men don't?
Men: How would you respond if a woman declined to have sex, and the reason was she is not comfortable with you?
Why do I have low grades?
Fall in love in a dream? Please, answer!?
Workers who are unemployed for more than 15 weeks is only 3.6% of Americans. Discouraged workers is 0.5%, less?
Do I have some kind of problem? When I get interrupted doing detailed work I get frustrated, But my?
Would you stay with someone who is slow to trust and afraid of becoming too attached?
Why I fear of doing things which I like the most?I always want them but I become nervous when they come up?
how does grimer evolve?
How do I deal with a vicious life sucking Mother?
Had a dream about a girl I used to like?
I am so lonely :( pls help :(?
Is this a good excuse to not give someone a ride?
Did life create men to be leaders? Or to treat women?
Everyone thinks im intelligent?
Which of the following would cause the U.S. dollar (USD) to appreciate as compared to the Croatian kuna?
I had a dream about a white rat. Can some one interpret it please?
Why has western society become based on...........?
If x÷7=-6 what is the value of x?
im really tired of double standards based on gender?
how you forget ur sadness?
I AM SO DEPRESSED.....?
People In Your Dreams?
weird behaviour as a kid?
last night I had a dream..?
Am i being too crazy should i stop?
Why am I addicted to lurid news articles on the Web?
I hate myself and i was raped recently.i am depressed?
Was that domestic violence?
I had a dream about a piece of a airplane falling just missing us while driving on a familiar street.?
Anyone else hate it when the 'biology bullcrap' is brought up?
what are you thinking about?
Is it normal to be scared in a new place?
in what way freud s concept of sexuality defy develomental model ?
I'm so stressed out!?
Last night I had a dream my boyfriend cheated in me with his mother.. What does it mean?
stuck on a memory or ??
I'm only 14 but feel mentally and physically drained? Help?
Plane crash in dream? Does it mean anything?
Any person who has been through teen life can answer it?
How to do ma in economics through ignou?
Dreamed a former lover called me ?-- What could it mean ?
i don't understand you?
Why is adultism so accepted?
is it possible to want something so much, and when you finally get it, you feel blank?
I was in love in a dream - i felt depressed waking up?
I want a uk nvq???? 10 points?
Do you think its bad to have not a care in the world?
I keep having these weird dreams?
What social consequence we got, after years of - \ All I want is sex and love \?
Can I stil become an actress if...?
Why do women let themselves be pushed into sexism itself?
place 10 trees in 5 row so each row contains 4 trees?
why do feminist always TD to men's good answers?
Why some people don't get success after repeated efforts?
Does everybody lie (or at least exaggerate the truth) to make thing more interesting?
What is the age range of people in thier early 20s?
What's the best explanation u can give to a teacher for procrastination?
am i depressed??? im 17?
is this a fetish or some type of taste some guys develop for liking girls?
is this a fetish or some type of taste some guys develop for liking girls?
guys do you get angry if a women overtake your car?
I am desperate of life. Help me please!?
I had a dream about a girl?
Scottish economy: How come?
Will women be superior to men in the future?
I hope nothing happens after we die?
Am I a psychopath or not?
What's a job title for a person who understands the brain?
What does my dream mean? - being killed?
Is there some truth that you can tell someone's true character in their eyes?
What kind of things can you do to prevent feeling lonely?
What are the benefits of having a life coach?
24 years old, feel so behind in life?
how could anyone want to beat there wives or girlfriends.?
What is your opinion on men and anti-femnism?
Who would you give your life for?
What is wrong with my 8 year old daughter, does she have a mental disorder?
Is it bad to have a \I'll do this myself\ attitude?
Why can't I dream about my deceased mom?
I keep having flashbacks to bad memories how does one stop them?
How do I overcome social anxiety?
\ the cooperatives are playing a significant role in food security of India \ explain?
Is saying this considered offensive?
Why Is World Trade Unnecessary?
Did this woman use me?
is this social anxiety disorder?
is this social anxiety disorder?
Why do some people have difficulty controlling their feelings?
why do I find the urge to purge?
who are some innocent people society has rejected?
What are the first few thoughts, ideas, words and feelings that come to mind when you read the following?
Is my little brother a genius?
Bodies hanging from trees dream?
Chasing dream I guess :/?
Are depressed people more likely to be victimized?
Why will people argue about anything no matter how trivial it is?
give me some Most frequently asking questions on GS?
Do you agree with the statement that men should never hit women?
Hypnosis question. What does this mean?
if i tell my girl to don't wear any pink color dress is that rude?
How can I do a WILD ?
is it normal to not want to leave the state of depression?
What are you looking forward to this year?
I keep dreaming that Im trapped in a room with tigers outside?
HELP ME..! what would have you done in this situation precisely?
Role Of Youth In Removing Social Injustice ?
Why feminists keep saying that batshit crazy radfems don't represent feminism but...?
which country tea is best in taste (i am a big tea fan)?
Is it possible that you die each time you fall asleep?
how many men are knowledgeable about make up - and pressure to wear make up?
Can you please put things in perspective for me?
how to overcome social/emotional anxiety, sadness and envy?
how to overcome emotional/social anxiety, sadness and envy?
How to overcome emotional/social anxiety? sadness and envy?
Losing your innocence?
I have a question on exerciseing?
How do I deal with my fathers death?
I've found most men prefer women not to wear makeup?
Is it possible that i could wake up tomorrow only to find out half of my life has been a simulation?
Are you scared to die?
i had a dream that people were talking about me behind my back. What does it mean?
Why is it a bad idea for a guy to trust a woman in a relationship?
Who is against legalized prostitution and why?
What do you think of this video?
Why is there a 5 year time limit on rape?
Conspiracy Theories Much ?
More mature than people of my age. Is it good?
Why are most men not attracted to women in their natural form?
Why do I have re occurring dreams?
I feel crazy when I get high?
I saw tiger in my dream. and I was near to one stoned stuctured old fort with my frds?
I feel very lonely and empty?
Help me with my dreams?
What are some good skills to have in the future?
Can blind people see their dreams and do they dream?
How to stay awake the day after an all nighter?
I abused my brother can any one tell me why?
Why has this section become a big pity party for lonely guys to complain about women?
Why do girls think that shorter guys are inferior or suffer of Napoleon Complex?
There's something wrong with me help?
I need this dumbed down..?
How to become mentally strong?
Why is the bird with the biggest showing called the peacock?
Why do I push people/friends away?
Why is it that women have become........?
is my iq really this low?
how did sports create tension in society?
Why don't Anthropologist take Bigfoot seriously?
Are personality traits responsible for authoritarian parenting?
Are all men guilty off looking at females too young and too old?
Boyfriend broke up with me..help, I feel like dying...?
how do i get rid of my shyness completely please HELP??
If someone ages and never does anything, is that a reason to commit suicide?
Would my drinking habits be considered and addiction ?
Forgot something i thought of?
I'm scared...? Horrible nightmare? Help!?
How can I think more positively?
I am heavily considering suicide?
Comparing USD to Indian Rupee?
Why do you think feminism is still so prevalent in society?
Am i Lucid dreaming?
What is the chemical in your brain called that gets you attached after intimacy?
Why is it that the brain can remember a random person or something trivial from like three years ago?
People with depression: does this help?
Why do I lack any form of human intelligence?
How is this possible?
What would you do if your S/O doesn't like the dog sleeping on the bed?
Why do bad things keep happening to me?
low key in love with a guy I'll never see again?
am i creative or phycologically inclined in anyway?
I'm scared to death my house is haunted?
How to feel better about my life?
What is the best method of suicide?
What does it mean if you have the same dream 3 times in the space of a week?
How do I stop being such a jealous girlfriend?
Am I a bad wife if I ask my husband to choose me or drinking?
I have no common sense and it's affecting my work?
Why is it acceptable for the woman to be at home unemployed and looked down upon if the man is?
I think humans did evolve from monkeys (literally)?
Do bad things eventually catch up to people?
Lots of energy then suddenly crashing?
Is this normal to feel this way about someone?
Child abuse effects project?
What's wrong with me?
i embarrassed myself horribly?
Why am I so good at manipulating and lying to people?
Is this normal to feel this way about someone?
Am I Mental/losing my mind/ a psycopath?
Why do minorities age better?
Nothing ever annoys me?
Do you ever feel like this?
Anxiety or depression question please help?
How to increases my thinking and concentration capacity ?
Should I take pills for my depression?
I'm having a major life issue.?
My deceased friend has been in a reoccurring dream of mine?
is this the correct value of my 90% silver coins? or am I being ripped off?
how to seem more approachable?
Can studying the brain?
How to look up people?
Have you ever been blamed for something you don't understand what you did?
How to be normal?What is common sense?
I went to this therapist and she stated that I had a schizoid thought disorder? Srry its long?
The U.S. financial account will most likely be directly decreased if?
Can firms in monopolistic competition price discriminate?
If the United States is running a trade deficit, then?
What makes life really worth living?
Do girls even like flowers?
Are Scandinavians physically stronger than other races? In worlds strongest man all the greatest champs are.?
I want a controlling men?
How come i see many men with wives with no jobs but i never seen the reverse?
what is fashion studies about?
Does this mean anything?
I cant find anything that I would like to do in my life?
Why is Eastern America seen as better than Western society?
Why can i not get motivated to do something?
Are Scandinavian people genetically stronger then other races?
How do you live life without social networking sites?
How to become more social?
What are the signs that someone is secretly depressed?
Why do I get anxious when somebody doesn't reply to me?
When RGDP is at a minimum, then the economy would be operating?
how many percent of people have cognitive problems?
13 and feeling sad all the time?
Are writers self-absorbed?
How can i avoid my depressions & feelings ?
How can i avoid sexual feeling?
Why do people have such problems with introverts?
Songs about Embracing Difference?
Is it bad that I talk to myself alot?
what are three main barriers for migration?
How is abortion the central problem in American politics, it's obviously the Gerrymandering system?
Am I overthinking things? - work related?
Dealing with Death...?
Is a woman selfish if she??
My ex-boyfriend is happily engaged with his new girlfriend and I am very happy?
Girls are so shallow fight club = best book evar!?
I need advice/help please?
This girl who envies me since high school, finally managed to steal my boyfriend?
Depressed thoughts read plz?
Opinions on society these days?
I'm comforted by the idea of crying in front of him?
Why are guys so much more interested in this when they can get it anyway?
Is it bad for me to work these many hours as a teenager?
Thinking about suicide?
Why do I have trust issues?
How can I stop cutting without letting others know?
what is the meaning of my dream?
Am I still partially 'mixed'?
Please help!!! Mental connection, Depression heartbreak and suicide?
I feel really tartan today, how about you?
People tell me I'm good looking but I dont think so, is it normal?
Age of consent vs. Statutory rape?
How much do you think Wal-Mart will be worth in 2050?
How do I stop looking at girls' cleavages and butts?
how to calm shock after witnessing something bad?
Would you elope in Vegas?
Diarrhea, is this anxiety related?
things that everyone wants in life?
why is equality so hard to grasp!?
Is He Interested In Me or not?
which is better a life of perpetual suffering and struggle or suicide?
how to describe this emotion?
I hate life and I'm depressed :(?
how might a teacher classically condition her students including the steps of classical conditioning?
Men are sexist, and women tear each other down?
Feeling Lost in Life (rant..)?
Why do fat girls only chase guys who dont like them? Is this why they stay single? R fat girls self loathing?
I'm socially awkward?
Chimps intelligence is equal to what age human?
Is it stupid to self harm because of your past?
If you become violent towards people when drinking, is that a sign that you have a problem?
Does every married middle aged man cheat on his wife?
Is it normal that I'm the only person in my family who isn't white?
When someone is a bitter person is there pain behind their bitterness?
Is self-harm considered an emotional crisis?
My mom has stressed me out to the end of my rope, what to do?
Agree or Disagree? People who continue to work after retirement r usually healthier emotionally?
How do I change my personality?
i cant stop crying need help :(?
Why do alcoholics deny they have a problem often?
I find working so exhausting?
How to overcome frustration at work?
how can I let go of anger thoughts of death fills my mind dat ruins my life?
True or False? An increase in the real interest rate will decrease consumption and investment.?
Have you faced any racial discrimination on this site?
How would the equilibrium interest rate respond to a change from an income tax to a consumption tax?
does anyone care what I do anymore?
What is cultural Marxism?
Should white people be held accountable for their ancestors actions?
What happens to correlations with increased # of causes?
Why would the Coase Theorem not work?
3 similarities and differences between Mali and Inca.?
How do I overcome Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder?
Men, do you like big hips and thighs on women?
Why am I not motvaited in school?
Why do victims of inequalities think they're helping their cause by turning it the other way?
Black men/ women..a question?
Am I a horrible human being ?
I feel like the worst thing to ever happen to my parents?
Why do people enjoy this so much when it happens?
would you say there's just too many people everywhere today?
How come men and women are so afraid to be alone?
3 things that would make a person less aggressive towards a person?
Is it asserting patriarchal oppression to a woman to sell her a hot dog, popsicle or banana?
Do men like women with bigger legs?
Is it true girls curse more than guys?
What do you guys think should i quit?
why am i easily influenced?
What is considered a suicidal thought?
What class will go with paycology?
What category can tomboys be classified as?
Do most Psychology PhD programs require a research proposal for admission?
Is it normal to feel pleasure of the thought of killing someone?
What to do about low self esteem?
Is 40 - 28 - 40 a good measurement for a woman?
How the great depression affect women?
I am having suicidal thoughts...Need help?
What mental problem(s) do I have?
So, what does it mean when a guy clearly and admittingly has an interest in you?
What do flying sharks mean in a dream?
Are women supposed to feel as sexually turned on by men as men are by women's bodies?
Is it just me or.(don't be offended?)..?
a basic assumption of economics is?
has anybody ever dreamed about someone and then see that person?
NEED HELP! Is this a good goal?
Who is more likely to be drawn into 'mob mentality', men or women?
Women, do you trust a guy who has never had a girlfriend?
Dreams about killing people and hiding bodies?
how do you keep up with your partner when you work opposite shifts?
Men, do you prefer hips or breasts?
I always have dreams men are raping me?
Was it right for society to have had an electric vibrator before an electric vacuum or iron?
would you choose to drive a red car, green car, blue car or other - and why?
Who has more courage men or women?
Is something wrong with me?
What is the difference between a municipal and a corporate bond?
Why is my friend lazy?
Is a scarf on a man (Funny, Sexy, Practical, or bad as a speedo with a spare tire.)?
Creepy dream? Dreaming, but I was awake? Dream Paralysis? Help and Interpret!?
How can I be successful in life?
When you think of 'bravery', what's the first thing that comes to mind?
can you read a street map - f or m?
Is it bad I don't have happy childhood memories?
Are men and women really identical in their behaviour?
Decribe the columbian exchange and it's impact on Europeans,American Indians and Africans?
Do mind palaces work for everyone?
What are some techniques to avoid anxiety in huge social situations?
would you be humililated if your gf did this to you?
Speech impairment taking over my social life.?
Why men give it up easy while women hold on it ?
We have full control of our thoughts, feelings, and actions, why don't we always make the right choice?
South East Asia is what ethnicity?
How are primates similar to humans?
i have a assembly after 4 days topic is chasing our dreams as the comparer can u help me on wat i should say?
What does not going out of your room do to your mental health?
what is consciousness?
Why are his dirty socks on the floor a big national (global?) issue?
How was the middle school experience for you adults?
Sexual Objectification Question?
Why are fat women worse than fat men?
Is it possible if you're a really organized person?
Why do I have the need to do everything in a short period of time?
In the western world, which one wins? Feminism v religion?
I wish it could all end! What can I do?
Why is it that nearly every single friend ive ever had has abandoned me when i tell them someone else left me?
Is it normal to feel like this at 14?
She spies on husband and she's caught cheating on him?
Help! ---Anger Issues?
Why are heavier women seen as less attractive?
What exactly do men teach boys that women never could?
How to get over resentment brought about by my past (teen; sports)?
How is Italy's economy?
I feel like my energy effects people?
Do boys need men to guide them?
What am I? (Demon) (Angel).?
Gender Studies - Why do you complement others?
Why is everything bullying or ranting?
Camhs waiting list - help!?
How to be brutally honest without hurting someone's feelings?
I am really ugly, how do I get better self-esteem?
Is coming up with excuses fast a good thing?
how can you remain positive when everything is looking so bad?
Why do people act so tough online?
Why did Steve ask me these questions?
What does this dream mean !!!!!!!!?
Will there be an economic boom within the next 10 years?
Beauty standards in society? Is there hope?
Bizarre dream last night ..?
Why did a woman at Kinkaid Private School want to buy me coffee so I would teach there?
How many men are like this in your opinion?
The actual society is squashing the future generations imposing degrading standards, but are we sure that...?
Are women not meant to enjoy sex?
I cant help but feel like I'm a bad person for this?
2 crushes in my dreams? Help! What does that even mean!?
Six years of hell staying strong how can I get my life back?
Six years of hell staying strong how can I get my life back?
Cultural reform: Today is the woman who brings the money home?
Men, is a little chubby a turn off?
When people say that everyone should be treated equally..?
If the government disarmed americans?
I have asperger's and tired of it help me?
Recently, boys have been pissing me off??
Gender Studies - If a woman can't get no satisfaction, how does she say this tactfully?
Help with an economic enigma?
What does it mean when you vision symbols in other languages while your halfway Asleep?
Why would he touch me like this ?
Would you be offended if someone called you a silly goose?
How long does it take to break an addiction? For your brain to weaken those neural paths. Specifically porn.?
Do you think the Germans, Jews, and Japanese are the aryan race?
Should I say what I want to?
18 and terrified of learning how to drive?
How to deal with anger issues?
Why do you think I seek attention?
Is it possible for most women to be able to look like this if they work for it?
Keep a green tree in your heart the singing bird will surely come?
Can anyone help me interpret this dream pls?
Vibrations while sleeping, how do I make it stop and what is it?
How to change this cycle?
Has anyone ever been to see a Psychiatrist?
Why do men never equate a perceived lack of desire in some women with their ability to satisfy her?
Do Men's Rights Activists believe that all males are equal?
Why do people compare fat women with short men?
Major aspects on mennonite?
Finding price Elasticity with a Q(x) equation?
Does adrenaline cause anxiety?
Are slimmer women more attractive?
Can I fix my sleep schedule by an allnighter?
Determine the equilibrium price and quantity with Qd=20-2P Qs=5 +3p?
Is this a gender neutral feeling about your car?
French president been cheating on his gf and he actually met her 5 years ago by cheating on gf back then...?
What happens when a country goes bankrupt?
Will the UK government be forced to bring back the mixed economy?
Why do people hate me?
Why is life not making any sense at all?
Why are most girls physically and emotionally weak?
Why did nature or God depending on your beliefs build men and women?
Why do virtually all Hollywood stars have chiseled jawlines?
What Does It Mean When You Dream You Are Moving From The BackSeat To The Driver's Seat In A Car?
What is the spectrum for feminism?
I am depressed in this age!?
Why can't men be skinny as well?
What does my dream mean?!?
What makes someone get riled up so easily & so often? It doesn’t take much effort to?
If you know your instincts, why would you feel violated, how can you be disrespected?
What would you do if someone could literally read your mind?
anyone who answers this i will give them best answer?
What does this dream mean?
what do you think of a counselor who tries to help you with your fears and anxiety, yet never shows up ?
Sent a letter about three days ago?
I don't like women,i don't even want to look at one?
I still don't understand how a guy can be very attracted to a girl and not want to date her?
Is it better to have money and not spend it or spend money on yourself to better your life?
I feel hopeless, please help?
Do men and women in the USA use terms like ain't, gonna, ooh ooh in everyday live or not like at work?
Im very sensitive to what people say/do?
why feminist don't like pink color dress?
I want to be a social worker, what do i need to take?
I want to be a social worker, what do i need to take?
Is intersexuality have anything to do with Hermaphrodite or Transsexual?
Is this considered normal?
what's your opinion on columbiners?
Why do feminist dislike the mgtow movement?
What does my dream mean?
Doesn't it seem society has hatred towards introverted women?
How to stop procrastinating?
How exactly do you define a girlie girl?
Psychologically, is it worse to be hated or ignored? I can't think of anything worse than?
Do women find the female body aesthetically more pleasing than male?
Dreaming about crushes when I'm in a relationship?
how to stop being ridiculed?
Gender Studies - Why do people cheat rather than just breaking up?
I dont know what i want to become or do with my life?
If we're attracted to the opposite sex that resembles our opposite sex parent, what happens..?
Why do black people feel the need to?
Does being multi-racial mean you have personality traits of those countries which you have in your blood ?
How is your inner person, as described by bandura, tide to social learning, and observational learning?
Why was my girlfriend so upset when I tried something new in bed at her suggestion?
Should a partner put up with séx that they hate and could harm them to satisfy their partner?
where would you suggest outsourcing for a \good woman\?
Are men who don't want to date women who don't at least have D-cup brea$t$ shallow?
Should wobbly women like this walk around belly-free or not?
Women: please rate these in order of importance for a guy to have in a relationship.?
Ladies: How would you react if you saw a man you started to date on a date with another woman?
feminist views on death of a salesman?
being calm means being quiet?
Do you think Nicki Minaj is hot?
What do you think of a man who only dates women who're a size 10 (UK size)?
Why do men expect their under paid wives to be porn stars in bed?
How can I improve my mental ability and logical reasoning skills ?
My mother found my Fifty Shades Of Grey book?
Why is it that the more I sleep, the worse I feel?
Why are womanly feelings the pinnacle of all importance in Western Culture?
What do you think of men who're only interested in dating size 10 women?
Does your waist get wider once you have kids?
Would you encourage individuals to mate with individuals with a higher intellectual pool gene? Why?
Psychology vs Psychiatry. i need help life planing?
Is the educational system biased against boys because they can't sit still?
How to face someone without feeling nervous?
What would motivate someone to spend a whole hour going though someones Q&As reporting violations?
Why do men say piss and women say pee?
How do I best deal with people who keep walking on wet floors I'm moping?
Since when does being quiet mean that you were an unfit husband or wife?
What's the song representing best your life's 'soundtrack'?
Regretful things youve said to the opposite sex under the influence?
How long before some persons wake up to the realities of Life?
Guys of GS, what's your opinion and response to this?
Why is my voice always soft when i try to speak loud?
what does my dream mean ?
Are sl*t walks really necessary in countries like Canada and the UK?
What is the best way to improve self esteem?
Are sl*t walks really necessary in countries like Canada and the UK?
can you please dig into my mind and tell me something?
Why do celebs change relationships often?
How to gain photographic memory? what is mind palace? how to create and use a mind palace?
If some one puts there self in an then they section u how long do u get sectioned for?
Do you think a man can easily be a womanizer here online and learn so much from women?
Dream about someoen knocking on the door & me looking through the peep hole?
Dream of having green eyes meaning?
What would make a guy become so arrogant all of a sudden?
should i commit suicide?
I'm afraid of death,help?
having weird dreams about freezers, refrigerator, and vintage clothing. any idea on what they mean.?
dream interpreting, please?
Whats the key to stopping OCD thoughts?
Men are attracted to Asian women because they're \submissive\ - do you agree?
Why are most women passive aggressive?
Why do people like watching films with gratuitous pain and suffering?
How do people with no identity get money?
Is it justified to use the word \feminist\ as an insult?
Are feminists inflicting an assault upon minorities?
Why do I have bad dreams when I watch a movie that's not even scary?
Why do I have bad dreams when I watch a movie that's not even scary?
What are anti-feminists trying to prove by throwing single mothers under the bus?
So should minorities not be allowed to have abortions then?
WhAt R you trying to do? Your intentions and end goal?
can someone please tell me how women are suffering?
what are concept of observation learning?
What are the changes in childhood through historical periods?
what is the beta rule of tarnsister .... any one can explain this for me .?
Hi, can u please tell me how to die in sleep or easy way?
Is confido is good for stopping wet dreams?
Can't figure out where I am going wrong?
How many dates before the average woman sleep with the man?
Do I look too seductive looking =\\?
what is women empowerment?
Is it sexist now to...?
Lucid dream of sexual pleasure?
Why is domestic violence even more prevelant in lesbian relationships than in heterosexual relationships?
whats ur opinion on having dreams of a good friend that is dead?
Help with this harassment issue?!?Please help!?
If a lesbian couple have a child via AI, should a man still be trapped into paying child support?
Why do Women Cry Over Such Small things?
Senior citizens: What is something you think you wasted your life after?
Is it just me or does the internet suck the mystery out of life?
I'm unable to wake up when I want to during a dream?
Dreaming an internet friend raped me?
Breeding apes for intelligence?
What is Bitcoin? Is Bitcoin Economy Collapsing?
help! how do i repair my mentally ill mind?
What does it mean I had a dream...?
please help me overcome these negative and envy thoughts?
what is better, real sugar or equal and why?
What's the difference being nice and kind?
Meaning of this dream?
My past is ruining my life.?
education is responsible for social stratification. how?
What's going to happen to my mom when I'm dead?
How to investment banks get affected by policies?
Why do some people blame women for being single mums?
I kind of temper how I overcome ............?
Dream interpretation of someone crying blood?
who is the best british female vocalist - and why?
What you do when you are alone ?
Meaning of this dream?
When does peer pressure occur?
What happens to the deficit when the government issues bonds?
Is it healthy for a child to be raised in a home, where his dad beats up his mum everyday?
Why am I such a terrible person? Why can't I pull myself together?
HOw Dreams & Reality Is Connected?
Does the high rate of single motherhood reflect badly on men or on women?
I couldn't sleep last nite l....is if true if u can't sleep ur awake in someone's else's dream?
Help with PPF question please?
is this weired i find girly girls are more attractive?
What's the craziest thing you've ever done?
what do a older man think about an younger woman?
Why don't banks print as much notes and currency as much they want ? Or is there any restriction?
So, what are you thoughts on a restaurant having a \No Children\ policy?
give me a good explanation on why the ancient alien theory is wrong?
Is blaming single motherhood an effective approach - to deal with all of society's problems?
Females, do you find p0rn0graphy degarading towards your gender?
Why is the answer to \I love you\ always \me too\?
Wondering why some people say that men are more 'disposable' than women?
Why are minority students more likely to receive unfairly harsh punishments in educational institutions?
Is there a difference between pedophilia and statutory rape ?
Is it normal for an adult to feel like they are still a teenager?
Life is so boring.. Help....?
What does someone who doesn't Beleive in themselves look like?
Why don't I want to lose weight?
Neurologically how can I increase my mental capacity to learn more at a time without over straining my mind?
Is living good or bad?
How did you gain experience in social/human studies?
Do I still have time to enjoy a s.e.x life with attractive women?
why does my father exaggerates everything?
Got teased a random stranger?
Is it normal to get nervous when around an attractive person of the opposite gender but it fades over time?
How to cheer up yourself?
I need help about my life.?
why does my email keep telling me to select a single man to date - is it homophobic?
How to deal with lots of Assignments?
How do I stop being so insecure and sensitive?
Canadian archaeological finds at beaches in British Colombia, Canada?
do you prefer board shorts or speedos - as bathing attire for men - and why?
How can i overcome laziness?
leering and checking out girls?
Why is high culture generally not accessible to the lower classes please?
What kind of people lived in Europe before indo European arrived?
Why doesn't GDP include goods that are resold?
How do I know if I'm tired or what's wrong with me?
Why do people say women have more to look at?
If a guy mentions this .. Does it mean anything?
Need help, self image issues.?
Why Reading is Thinking?
This Is the first time I have had a close friendship . What do I do in this case ?
I had a weird dream that I can't relate with my life. Help?
incest intrusive thoughts?
CAN YOU MEMORY/ REMEMBER DATES? (10 POINT!!!)?
In love with a guy I'll never see again?
If a girl fights/duels with a woman police officer, are they tough?
is it possible to revers time and relive your life ?
Which gender makes the most generalizations?
Will women ever be able to understand what it's like to have facial hair?
How does life actually exist?!?
How do I rid evil spirits from my husband and new home?
How do I rid evil spirits from my husband and new home?
How Can I Improve My Mood?
Why is women's attraction to men not natural?
What does it feel like to be evil ?(`????´?)?
Are mental hospital patients ever able to see the sun?
Schitzophrenia or paranoia?
Will someone please explain to me how to create a memory palace? +You will get 10 points/best answer!?
what do you call this type of person other than kickass?
Recurring Dream of Me Choking Small Children to Death?
Is your idea of \virtue\ the same for both genders?
Why don't I feel any emotions with guys anymore? It's all gone?
Do you think my schizophrenic mother was trying to get rid of me?
what does dreaming of a tornado mean?
They say success is a product of hard work, right? what if you have no motivation to work hard?
Are women a bit too liberated?
I just graduated university and someone really rich and powerful tells me theres a social ladder?
Help me!I have ego and arrogance problem. How do i change it?
How To Dream What I Want!?!?
How can i treat a bad case of sleepwalking?
My hot teacher clouds my mind?
I have no academic qualification in psychology. Could I publish research articles in psychology?
Why do some people have you blocked then answer your questions?
How deeply should i feel about my therapist?
Why do I smell certain things when I recall memories?
Am I just sensitive or do I have a reason?
where does my obsession with sweaty women's feet come from?
Is feminism a great success?
Why is a demon always in my mind?
I keep seeing dreams of my boyfriend of 3years cheating on me?
Why, do you suppose, are the police nearly always acquitted when they beat a man to death?
do you feel lost because technology has taken over?
Why do some people think it's an obligation to defend or stickup with certain genders?
Are some people just born lucky?
Fear I getting in cars?
Why are women usually attracted to money whereas men to boobs?
Excuse to get out of a speech?
Can being sexually abused make you go into social isolation?
Suicide attempt! and failure to proceed?
Why are Universities producing morally ambiguous people?
Could a friend come with you to see a mental health professional?
Why is this so wrong?
Do you get distracted a lot?
Do players and gold diggers have a conscience?
Can you name a modern or even ancient tribe that do not have fashion?
three x squared plus eleven plus ten equals zero?
If love is blind, why - do you suppose - is lingerie so popular?
Is a Mind Palace Real, or Possible To Make? [Like Sherlock]?
I feel like im being stalked?
The Thought Of Getting Old Scares Me?
\Pig eating my fish dream\ meaning?
philosophy question about identity?
I feel like I'm trapped in my head.?
Why do my dreams come true?
Topics that relate to archaeology?
I’m 25 and I feel like time has stood still despite my best efforts to improve my situation. Any ideas?
What does my dream mean?!?
I dont know whats wrong with me.?
Women: which give you more happiness, men or money?
Guys: would you want to know about your girlfriend's scars and the stories behind them?
What did this dream mean !!!!!!!!?
How to be confident without people thinking I'm stuck up?
Can crazy people make fake memories acording to their delousions?
How to avoid women having a bad 'gut feeling' about you, or at least find out why they'd feel it?
Women office workers please consider this?
GS: Was this funny or rude?
How to stop procrastinating?
Am I saved from my delusions now?
How can I change my image?
Guys: would you want to know if your girlfriend had scars and where the stories behind them?
How should i have complimented these two women?
What are some ethics teenagers should have?
How may a 40-year-old man react if he finds out the 20-something woman he's dating is a virgin?
Pupils are always dialated, I always feel \trippy\?
Audible snap inside head then no emotion? - Preferably someone with science/medical training please/thanks?
Women: Who have been better to you?
What ever happened to the golden rule?
why do we need to develop sense of humor while dealing with a client?
What's going on with me?
People tell me I dont look happy....!?!?
why do guys be worrying about your past when you trying to forget it?
Do you think when playing a video game moving a character that the brain processes in the same way?
Looking for dream meaning?
should i give a woman my real name over the Internet?
I get distracted easily.?
What does not frighten you about being in a cemetery?
Would you rather be boring or awkward?
What does this dream mean!!!!?
Is it weird that Buffy Summers is my hero?
hypothetical \what if\ question?
What does this dream mean?
why am I been emotional lately for a guy?
Is this something that is true or not?
Why do so many people feel uncomfortable around very self-confident people?
What does this dream mean?
How to be more outgoing?
Why do I get this feeling ?
Have you ever got caught in a lie????
Psychologically speaking, why do I need friends?
I have to give a speech and I'm so scared...help!!!?
What kinds of things other then war and sudden trauma (like shooting survivor or plane crash) cause PTSD?
What is a Lucid Dream?
How often do you feel stressed and tired?
Question for evolution?
What is the reason many people are worried and complaining about what others do when it does not involve them?
what is it called when farmers get paid not to grow something?
I don't have friends, don't know what to do...?
Having the same dream multiple times.?
How does alcoholism affect a person's personality?
Does life evolve around success and survival?
Why are men and women different in certain areas?
How to get fund for Housing for the rural poor family?
POLL: Why are Older men treated as leper's ?
Why is one side of my face ugly?
Learning Websphere MQ through online? suggestions pls?
How to be more outgoing?
Do most men think this way?
i keep getting repeated nightmares?
Do you think this is fair?
Am i becoming insane?
educational opportunitise for women expanded in the post civil war ear as:?
What is wrong with me?? This can't be normal!!?
Is sex a natural instinct?
How did the native environments shape the different races of humans?
what music do wealthy (rich) people listen to?
How do young females pay for expensive cars?
I need to cry but I don't know how help me please?
Why are people so rude?
Did I screw up? How do I not feel so bad?
please help!! I'm scared to death to give a speech tomorrow!!?
Is it true that girls have sex in there imagination with the guy they like/love?
how can i be more outgoing?
Dreams about storms and a black panther.?
Is the 'culture of poverty' with single mothers part of the cult of misogyny?
Why are some people always so bitter of those around them?
I am trying hard to stay positive but its suffocating?
I'm so depressed because I can't find a job?
Am I being trolled, or am I an idiot?
How damaging is it to call a woman fat?
Watching anime means you're socially awkward?
do visions happen just like we see them?
My master's psychology program is not accredited by BPS?
What do men think of unperturbed women?
what does this dream mean?
Is aspergers the next \stage\ in human evolution?
I need to know what my dream means?
Why do some people's smells last longer than others?
Why do shows go out there way to make black females look aggressive?
how can one overcome regret if one cannot forgive oneself? we all make mistakes in life unfortunately?
do people confuse aspergers with mental retardation?
What does \beh.\ mean in psychology?
What currency of money is usually worth more that the dollar?
What are women better at then men in?
how do stereotypes start?
If a couple is both considered physically attractive will their children be attractive?
Extremely forgetful and it drives me nuts?
Do you think on average women are more prone to feel good political correctness?
Rape victims: how do you move on?
If 2=-.25x-3 what does the x equals?
What is an example of restrictions on thought/info in the Hunger Games?
Is this excessive worrying or normal?
Can I please have the answers to these? ( Revolutionary War, Social Studies)?
If I have children will they be introverts like me?
How do I stop being sad?
Why do many men admit liking beautiful women but many women deny being attracted to men with money?
Can girls stay with guys and not get intimate?
Is a woman at the top most likely a feminist or a traditionalist?
So… Virtual hug anyone?
Why can someone feel lonely even when it has company?
Why is workplace learning so important?
Was he flirting with me?
Desperate! Please help!: How do I get over this self-hatred?
Interpret my Girlfriend's dream?
How to be confident when people hate you / lose all of your friends?
What am I doing wrong in my school Life?
What am I doing wrong in my school Life?
\For men may come and men may go, but I go on forever.\?
Why are legs more feminine than arms?
How do I get over an ex who I found out has a girlfriend?
Why is it okay for women to view themselves as superior but not men?
why are only my questions getting deleted?
is 1/5 greater or less than 2/8?
How to tell someone to stop asking for car rides without offending them?
I feel suicidal? help?
What are your phobias?
How to stop getting homesick?
There's me & then, as part of me, there's an anti-me - i don't know what to do?
Men, do you like big thighs on women?
Is offense/bullying nothing more than a symbology of dominance - submission, suitable for monkeys?
I have no self confidence, how do I gain self confidence?
Virgin Mary healing and crying blood dream?
why is the Definition of the world misandry and misogyny so different?
Do you think the psychological need to be cared for... is detrimental?
my dumbass teacher thinks that if you lower the money supply then the fed should be concerned with inflation?
Why is my self-confidence based on how others around me treat me?
why do women only talk about the equality parts that suit them like respect and rights?
what is the role of spartan women?
Which ethnic group was the first to domesticate horses?
What kinds of things would be considered paranoid behavior?
do western men (western europe/us) still consider Eastern europe to be some sort of dating paradise?
Dream meaning of vole?
Should women be allowed to kill their partners?
I just cant stop masturbating?
Men, do you think this woman is fat?
What would you do if a little boy asked you to help tie his shoes?
I hate myself and have no one to talk to?
I'm obsessed with becoming smart.?
Should I major in Social Work?
Why do people cut themselves?
Why does portland Oregon has so many overweight girls/women vs other states?
How to be happy later in life?
How do women compete in physical events?
Men, do you prefer big or small hourglass figures?
In your opinion, what would make you special against the other people?
Are white people with dark eyes, white?
Why am I not loved by those in my life?
What do they think of the introverted people?
Darwinists/Atheists: Is the internet part of evolution?
Why do some women like to cheat to government and their children out of thousands of dollars on child support?
how to overcome nervousness of asking a girl out.?
Can curvy women be fit and healthy?
Do you think my cousin needs a exorcism?
What do I need to do in order to become a social therapist?
All those in favour of legalizing prostitution? Hypocrites galore!?
a personal question for anyone willing to answer.?
Help? testosterone probelm?
Women who got beer bellies from drinking too much - your opinion?
Family problem?Why do i feel so unfortunate? :(?
Should a woman's hips be a little bigger than her chest?
Care to share your Calea zacatechichi? (Dream inducer)?
What would you say if you had to describe the American society?
I wanna speak to a girl who I don't know, how do I avoid fear?
Will it take me forever to get out of PTSD?? Will I ever be a self-confident and a normal person??
READ PLS Why Do a lot of Rape victims get bullied in school YET the sluts and whores are glorified WHY IS THAT?
question on further education:/ psychology; philosophy?
is my daughter a sociopath?
All those in favour of legalizing prostitution?
How to not have dreams at night?
How can I be a badass?
I saw an add/popup that allows you to create an account to hookup with engaged women?
Why am I so unlucky ?
To all you women out there?
Reasons why women should not have equal rights as men.?
How can I pursue my dream if I am facing obstacles?
How can I deal with school and my anxiety?
Are Canadians friendlier than U.S. citizens?
How can I train myself to not compare myself to other women?
What are the various species of tigers, and where are they located?
Are dreams spiritual ?
if you lower the money supply does inflation occur?
How to become more extroverted?
Women: Would u fight a man who was trying to hurt u or your loved ones?
My recent thoughts are suicidal. Help?
keep dreaming about boyfriend brother we always kissing in my dream?
Which cites in The USA have the most character architecturally speaking?
how to save 5,000-10,000 dollars in 6 months as a teenager?
Is it normal for a teenager to feel emotional? (10 points to best answer)?
My mother once hit me in the head with a wooden spoon until I got out of bed and went to Church with her?
who is falling for the propaganda that french women look amazing?
What is the meaning of this Dream?
can i get overpowered by a man easily ( i am 5 foot 4 and 8 stone. i playfight with my brother alot?
Why is taking responsibility for yourself, your actions, a masculine trait? why is it expected in men?
Interesting scientists who aren't white males?
I had this dream last night..What does it mean ?
Is it true that women actually have an higher sexual desire than men?
How can I become heartless?
What does this dream mean?
Ladies, would you deliberately let your husband cheat on you?
What do you think would happen if men stopped being the initiators of?
(For anyone who is bored): Are the asian or the russian chicks hotter in these music videos?
Why do I have such a problem with the human race?
Suffocating in the bathtub dream meaning?
What Does It Mean When You Dream A Message Is Written On The Wall?
What's the difference between neurophycology and neuroscience?
what does it mean??!?
Why is it always that when something good happens to you, something bad follows shortly afterwards?
Do you consider something like a latte as a meal?
Suicidal and depressed. Please help me?
Do you think its preferable to deliberately appear unattractive in certain situations.....?
I need help letting go.?
What factors spread gunpowder technology?
Why Are Mediterranean People Known To Be Hairy?
Do you think that being short is a major disadvantage in the dating scene for men?
describe herodias moral and spritual influence on her daughter?
I want to kill people and don't know what to do...?
Was he flirting with me?
If all women looked as sexy as the sexy ones in TV, would men get bored of it after a while you think?
So i had a dream of this girl... Why?
Identifying A Huggy Person from a non huggy one?
Do i lack Self confidence?
what is a good time to bring up values in a new relationship?
Spies on husband and she's caught cheating on him?
Is is sexist to not be as scared of women as I am of guys (read description)?
Is it weird that my brother wants to be Rapunzel?
What has caused this way of thinking?
Why are aboriginals a race?
I don't know what to do with my life?
How can taboo and tradition affect health?
Why do white people get more different types of colors of hair?
Could a punch to the back of the head be fatal?
How can I make my imagination come to life?
does your mind really create everything?
Why do so many ancient cultures share the belief of \Mother Earth & Father Sky\?
How do i cure coach travel anxiety?
What does this kind of dream mean?
What kinda of pr0n do usually women watch? Just curious?
I had the same scary twice about my little sister. what does it mean?
Do all boys watch p0rn or there some exceptions?
Why do so many ancient cultures share the belief of \Mother Earth & Father Sky\?
How appropriate is my job for a future in clinical psychology?
would you be honest if confronted?
What makes a Woman push a Man away ?
Are Latinas the most beautiful women in the world?
If I can write with both hands, does that make me ambidextrous?
Is it bad that I love watching women hooking up with each other?
Do I Have To Be Forever Alone?
Help me please I'm a person who is afraid to ask other people?
Explain why its important for economists to distinguish between demand and quantity demanded?
please answer this as best as u can?
How to I build a memory palace?
PSYCHOLOGY QUESTION: Can't tell what expressions and tones internet users are using?
Do girls hang out with guys and not get physical?
please answer this as best as you can?
I just complain about how miserable my life is, instead of doing something about it. How do I change this?
why my life is like this ?
What does this dream mean?
What does it mean to dream about getting stabbed?
I'm so embarassed, I deleted all of my fb freinds in a mental lapse, how can I face the humiliation?
Why are white skin, long nose, pink lips and thin eyebrows attractive? Is it psychological reason?
Why do women cover themselves so quickly when wearing only a bra and panties but not with swim wear?
Is the best way to get a chick is to enjoy yourself?
When you get 'brain damage' what is the worst case scenario to die?
odd dream that i need answers to?
Dream of deceased loved one? Can anyone explain?
My mother had a dream that I was kidnapped !?
Can prostitution eliminate rape when it is itself bought rape?
I'm so scared, please help? :( What do I do?
Dream about mom killing dad?
dream interpretation help?
How reasonable is it for a woman to expect a man interested in dating her is only interested in her?
Love is admiring with the heart?
explain the different ways in which a new species can evolve as a result of natural selection. Give examples?
What do i do?Please help?
why are feminist say they are always right?
Why do I have dreams on how life is suppose to be?
yo girls! what d'ya think of guys who play wow?
Why do man need to pretend to be somebody else to get aroused?
Dream about a river of blood. (Warning, graphical story. How To stop nightmares?)?
Are men always hairier than women?
Do heterosexual women have a higher sexual frequency than heterosexual men?
Do you think gender equality is still an issue?
Does incest happen or is it a myth?
My mother passed away, still dreamt that she died in dream. what does it mean?
Which of the following schools of psychological thought was influenced by the evolutionary theories of Charles?
How can I help my boyfriend with his social anxiety? Please Help?
Have you ever had the feeling that you have done this before or this has happened to you before but?
Thoughts on the modern society in this day and age?
Career scope In Master of Arts in gender studies?
Who else in this section of the website is tired of hearing people say that females are more caring than males?
why a person dreams on a place where he never sees in reality?
Do black dogs not get adopted because of crime in America?
Women: please rate these in order of importance for a guy to have in a relationship.?
What to do for caring for a person who is having a seizure?
Is getting beaten up a big deal?
2 psychology Questions please help?
twelve percent of people in Ireland have red hair. what percent of this population is homozygous for non-red?
Psychology Questions, pelase help?
Why would a guy want me to listen to this song called Shine On You Crazy Diamond by Pink Floyd?
If men and women are equal in intellect, why are there separate chess tournaments for men and women?
Why has mankind alone (or so it seems) being able to evolve in the way it has?
what is his intensions towards me?
When someone says they really love and are fans on misogynistic?
is loving parrots is a girly thing or not?
Possible bpd/boderline might break up with me again tonight?
what is the meaning pro-menopausal woman?
Child psychologist part 2?
What's the difference between being very open-minded and being easily influenced?
Which \Supply and Demand\ interpretation is true?
How do you stop obsessive thoughts?
what does this guy planning to do?
POLL:do you think which is the most beatutiful?
What do I need to know about child psychology?
Okay ladies and gentleman I need an answer to a really weird dream I had?
GS which is so cute ..........?
Poll: which parrot is you see as the most beautiful?
Why do i always feel anxiety when doing something common in public?
How does the price range affect the elasticity of demand for a product?
Men, do you pursue the women or try to let the women ask you out?
Currently having a social problem. What should i do?
Given z is a standard normal random variable, We known P(z?-1.00)=0.1578,compute the probability P(-1.0?z?1.0)?
Help I get panic attacks during exams?
i am feeling lonely and unhappy.please help me out.?
Would you think low of a woman that shaves in this day and age instead of waxing?
Where does embryo development take place in oviparous animals?
Who is a person with the cultural-linguistic and communicative activity-related values, knowledge, attitudes?
How can i get foreign currencies in banks?
Is it true that i can't be successful more than them? please help?
Why am I such a LOSER? Help?
What is lindsley activation theory in experimental psychology?
am i horrible for this?
I hate highschool......?
What is wrong with saying \women will never be equal to men\?
What would the world economy be like today if Nazi Germany had won?
What kind of people do you think cuts themselves?
dream of car filling with water?
Do rapists or criminals ever learn not to rape when they're in court/prison?
Is it easy (emotionally) to have an abortion?
How much do you think the media influences what you find attractive?
What wheel does not spin when you go left or right whit you car? :)?
why is it i tend to shut off all feelings except for hate and rage?
Why is that women tend to campaign for what they want men to find attractive?
About Chinese economic bubble burst?
If sexism could end tomorrow, but it would cost women any advantages they have, would they give them up?
girlfriend in my dream?
why dont i have any intrest in men or sex now?
Really empty Feelings in like my gut? How to ale it leave? Its emotional i think.?
Would this be creepy or what?
HONEST QUESTION: how come girls who date interracially ignore their familys criticism, but other girls dont?
I'm a very ugly person?
Would it be weird for a guy to sleep with a girl after one his mates hooked up with her?
What the main criteria are for recognize economic activity?
GS: do you think that you should always put your partner first before anyone else?
Is there an equivalent to Child line or Samaritans in the US?
Do you think other women hold back and oppress women just as much and even more than men do?
Which statement do you prefer and why?
Why do I only get upset when I think that I might have cancer but I'm not close to anybody?
How do I stop reacting to everything ?
I'm depressed and can't fall asleep?
Why do I hate the 'Middle Class' so much?
What makes a person so heady and high minded?
Inflation rise or fall during boom?
Need counselling from adults or experienced...?
Why are some people so disgusting that they support serious problems in young people?
Life sucks what can I do?
Why do everytime I think of something good, the opposite/bad happens to me???
Why does this happen?
Is there anything wrong with me mentally or is this completely normal?
Why always really tired?
Going to London dream?
Dream meaning black coloured eyes and growling?
what is interest rate in economics?
Gender studies, have you ever seen a couple so cute together?
What to do when feeling alone?
How do you deal with two faced people?
Ive been regretting decisions the whole 2014? help!?
Does anyone know of a place to get online advice similar to yahoo answers, but more directed to one person?
Why do I crave the love of a significant other now?
My little brother might need help emotionally?
How to deal with bossy people?
Advice on my split personalities?
How does my cousin feel about me?
Why is it that I'm so indifferent towards my friends?
why is it still so taboo for a women with height 4 ft 10 ?
Why do I find druggie girls with mental disorders attractive?
suicide problems. please help?
I feel like a second choice all the time?
How come a short guy cant be successful without being labeled Short Man Syndrome? Should he just be poor?
arts or medical for psychology in +1?
Why do women like Jewellery so much?
Why do they think like this?
How can I overcome this fear?
women do you had any s.e.x.u.a.l harassments in office or other work places?
Labour admits to \great crime on education\ ... not sexism against boys.?
How has gender equality improved in britain in the last few years?
Intelligent Quotient means....what?
who is very talented women in world?
why Girly girls and tomboys so competitive and hate each other?
Why did feminists protest an event about boys failing in education?
Emotionally Abused as a Child?
Why do we need to study everything if we will forget it later in life?
Durkheim, Weber and Simmel's theories on gender equality?
What's wrong with me?
why do people lie that money doesnt matter in life?
why do i complain? why am i angry?
can't accomplish my dreams?
can't accomplish my dreams?
do women look good in suits?
How do I get rid of anxiety permanently. I am so tired of this?
why kids act different around some people?
What are examples of people not using critical thinking?
Picking partners in class?
why it said 'only women education is need' not men?
Is it true when you dream with someone is bcz they miss u??? Plz help?
help me pls! why do i have so many comorbid psychological problems? but i was good in college.?
Just woke up and I remember my dream? What does it mean?
Why would an ex tell you their single and lonely? happened after running into them at a mutual friends?
What would you do about someone with BPD?
Why are women inquisitive about other women they do not like?
(warning: deep) I can't stop thinking about my dad?
Don't you think the saying men are more shallow abut looks is hogwash?
Do my dreams mean that I like him?
Was I emotionally abused by my mom?
which state best for living all over ? ( job , safety, living resources)?
What rabits in dream mean?
If you had a time machine and could see 1 person, who would you go see and why?
Why does school make me so depressed? And how would I be able to go to school for only half a day everyday?
Is it possible to know what someone is thinking?
is the roo m spinning?
Am I a sociopath? Is that so bad?
I woke up with my hand pressed over my mouth?
Manipulative personalities are desperate?
Why am I always thinking about death??:/?
Why do women try to cover it up?
Why do I feel so unmotivated and sad?
How do I stop feeling so lonely?
Is it sexist and hypocritical for a woman to expect a man to act chivalrous toward her?
Mentally coping with reality?
when will people (esp. Americans) UNLEARN eye contact is important?
How can I force myself to stay on task?
Why is a fetus not human when favorable to women, and human when unfavorable to men?
Have you slammed the door in anger and discovered you locked yourself out ?
Can anyone interpret my dream?
This is something I can't live with!! Help!?
Explain how to show full employment, inflation, and unemployment on the Business Cycle?
ENFJs?? Where the fuckk are you guys?
This is something I can't live with this!! Help!?
Are fetal abuse laws in line with prochoice or prolife beliefs?
how can education will help you overcome oppression, surmount poverty, and/or fight discrimination ?
all I'm having are nightmares...?
How may a 40-year-old man react if he finds out the 20-something woman he's dating is a virgin?
Why do this generation of women expect marriage and life to be 'bed of roses'?
Why do poor people expect rich people to take care of them?
When you're eating at a Chinese restaurant, doesn't it feel like you're at a Chinese wedding...?
How you eat and drink and sleep and whatever without your hand?
Have man become selfieshumans?
I don't have a sex drive is this normal?
Do you strive to get what you want and need in life?
Sudden violent thoughts?
Does a downturn in the economy hurt all companies equally?
If pregnancy is a choice, why is she still legally responsible for the safety of her fetus?
Your question needs to be at least 20 characters long.?
Are my deep feelings for what I want in a in life coming through as missing a tv show?
What does Shark Dreams mean?
Why didn't he stop..?
What are prochoicers opinions of smoking while pregnant?
From childhood it was my wish that .....?
I can use my hand when I'm laughing hard..?
I can use my hand when I'm laughing hard..?
Is being suicidal a sin?
Suicidle thoughts, how to cope with it? please answer..?
I'm intrigued by the way the mind works and want to take an AP Psychology class. What was your experience?
How to be yourself in a repressed environment?
Is dying the only way to stop the diseases of aspegers?
Why can't I stop checking my homework?
How to be happy......?
Am I the only who thinks the saying there is someone out there for everybody a lie?
If a person with aspergers committed suicide would they go to hell?
What does multiculturalism mean and does it always mean the same thing?
Addicted to cars , it's starting to affect my life?
what is one of the worse phases you've been through?
is being suicidal a sin?
Why am I still depressed after finally regaining my confidence and starting to date again?
how do you think? in images or words?
Why are certain people kept out of certain dimensions.. and how?
When life gets you down?
What's your favourite film of all time?
What creeps you out the most?
Is there a reason why it is easier to think about the negative thoughts than positive?
what causes pragmatism to develope?
what can it lead to?
How can I get over the abuse I suffered?
What's wrong with me?
i have a Psychic ability?
why have I been feeling so down lately?
how can i control my anger ?..?
Why do you think he would do this ?
How do you feel about those who lie all the time?
i feel like crying for no reason i just feel so ugly, i need to know what should i do?
dream about having to repeat a grade?
What amount of money do you think i'd have to pay someone to let me cut their hair?
Having a controlling personality doesn't mean you're a bad person, right?
Do guys like skinny women or curvy women?
What are your thoughts on Male Nurses?
what is the close relationship bet. education and society?
If we were to somehow take down feminism by the end of this year?
How to be more aggressive?
How to over come shyness?
Is this normal to feel this kind of feeling?
Keynesian vs Supply-Sider response to improved unemployment rate?
Best way to commit suicide?
Would a man still date a women with an STI?
Need help with tone word?
Do you believe that everyone is worthy of humanity and basic courtesy, even those who have done heinous crimes?
Does ambidextrous means writing with both hands simultaneously?
Why do we shrink when we get older?
Why do i feel really bumed out when a good anime ends?
Scary dreams? Please share?
Why analysis the Polyphenol Content, that will use Catechol as a standard?
Is staring off into space normal for anxiety?
How do I stop stuttering?
never had a friend and have social anxiety? what do i do?
What type of people do you see at the bottle shop on Monday morning/lunch?
Am I just being paranoid?
Can I be hypnotized against my will? Like if someone caught me off guard? And if so, could they screw me over?
functions of human groups?
Is IT true about Telepathic Communication of subconscious mind?
Two dreams I cannot comprehend?
Am I making a good decision as a woman if?
microEcon pls help.....?
i hate myself for being shy. Help?
my gf & I had this dream in the same day about somebody trying to kill us both. Does that mean something?
What can you say about my Nature from my Handwriting ?
Abortion Is Not Really Murder?
Do you think girls grow up being less criticised and this prepares them less for the social world?
What drug causes stuttering and laughter?
Why do men submit to the idea that psychology and counselling is helpful?
I need to improve my game. Men and women: What do you do in circumstances such as this; especially black men?
Feeling lonely? =( hard time socializing?
What is wrong with me?
Finish this sentence, 'Life is good because...'?
How can I get rid flashbacks?
Can arrogance be caused by inferiority complex?
Why does society try to pressure people into relationships?
If a man and woman weigh the same, would the man still be generally stronger?
my mom makes me feel like I am a bad person, How to stop feeling like this?
Do you think it is morally wrong for an adult to sleep with a post-pubescent teenager?
We have to teach our boys the rules of equality and respect, so that as they grow up, gender equality becomes?
What are the different parts of the brain, and what do they do?
(I'm stressed!) Is a girl's deep voice a turn off?
AM i over thinking this in this case?
Are equalists similar to communists?
Has a past relationship made you cynical about future relationships?
Feeling lonely? =( hard time socializing?
Help with Economics URGENT!!!!?
Does it make you homophobic if you choose not to date someone that is bisexual?
Does education system reinforces status quo or produces the status quo?
Is it normal to struggle in social scenarios like this?
Have you ever done something that made you feel very guilty and yet you were able to pulled out of it?
If you had a White guy and an Indian guy who were both handsome, would they be treated the same by women?
Why do White men like big breasts?
Is it sexist to describe a man as \one sexy mofo\?
Why do women have to gain weight when they are pregnant?
Do young men hate young women?
How to be silent for a whole day? (vow of silence)?
What opposite sex stereotypes do you fit into?
Is 43 inch hips too big on a woman?
Why do people create themselves so many problems?
Have I met my soul mate?
What's the furthest away from yourself that you've ever been?
how to trust your own judgement?
What makes you motivated?
So, I have really vivid dreams. In the last couple of months, I have been dreaming of falling in love.?
what would you consider as effort in a relationship?
How do I stop being depressed about being single?
My girlfriend thinks I'm a sociopath?
Is killing something for the fun of it the definition of psychotic?
Why am I not scared of dying anymore?
What does this dream mean??
will i ever get over this physcological trauma?
How to stop randomly blanking out during class?
How can I get back to what it was.. before I ruined it?
Are people doing anything about modern slavery?
Why cant people ever be pleased? Am im better off just cutting everyone out of my life.?
Should I have said something to my friend?
For those that want more governmental oversight of our lives, ranging from ...?
who is the prettiest women in the world?
do people confuse aspergers with mental retardation?
Can a person have a near death experience and be conscience when their brain is shut off?
How are small women physically able to get pregnant?
What is that imagine game?
Do you find some of the MRAs to be a bit misogynistic?
Need serious life advice?
Does your ability to be content go down as an adult because of?
why do people join the porn industry and why do they always focus on the girls?
how to believe myself and ignore what others say?
Economics question - not enough info?
How to become smarter?
Economics about scarcity?
Do you think that most men are bisexual?
I need to about this dream!!?
What is the difference between having narcissistic personality disorder and being an azzhole?
Why do people like to watch award shows like the Gold Globe Awards?
does anyone ever think the world should be more violent?
I want to die right now?
Why do some women try and \fix\ their men?
I am a female and want to build muscles how long will this take?
What is the best thing to calm you when you are all stressed out?
How do I get this haunting image from my mind?
Why don't White men like curvy women?
Is it more common for women to feel cold all the time?
Can I still use my old provisonal?
For women ,is sex just a \bonus\ in a relationship with a man?
Was this the right thing to do in this situation?
What do you most appreciate about this current generation?
Why would a person do this?
Why do some men with tattoos like women without any?
Can social skills decrease?
Do White men like big hips on women?
What song, if any, are/were you listening?
Why do parents treat younger siblings better than older?
I all of a sudden this week have become depressed for no reason?
microEcon help pls...?
What do sociologists do?
Why do some girls complain about men staring at them when they go to the gym..?
Men, do you prefer a pear shape or a rectangular shaped woman?
Guys, please explain this to me: Why is it so wrong for a woman to throw away your hole-ridden underwear...?
What does my dream about Heaven mean.?
Should it be harder to get married?
Why do you love/hate GS?
How to stop being so secret with people about what I do in my life?
How to spruce up my life?
Who uses Social Media like Facebook, Linked in Twitter etc ?
Is there a reason why it is easier to think about the negative thoughts than positive?
Does this dream mean anything?
What does this dream mean?
what are dream catchers for?
is there a disorder for being too nice?
What could the following dream mean?
What can I do with my life?
What is € in American dollars?
why do i feel like such a failure?
What if I'm really not depressed?
How come sometimes, a girl will reject you or get mad, no matter what you say? Are they just manipulating me?
Would it be better if marriages were given an expiration date, with the option to renew in 10 years...?
what does it mean when you dream about saving someone's life?
Are dreams shared? Is there a \dream dimension\ where everyone drifts off to when we fall asleep?
Is it sleep paralysis or am I dreaming?
Why do I always get so nervous in school?
Why was Lewis and Clark sent to Louisiana?
What does my boyfriends dreams mean?
are bonds money market funds or savings deposits?
Does a boyfriend/husband usually get the period schedule?
how do sociologists make money?
How would you interpret 'midnight coming Monday'?
Atheist are we the same as animals ?
Why don't I want to socialize?
Do opposites really attract?
Behaviorism A short description?
i see dreams with open eye and i feel like is a real situation?
How can i keep myself from losing interest ?
IS GOLD PART OF THE M2 MONEY SUPPLY?
is gold part of the m3 money supply/? I need the answer as soon as possible?
why do i constantly feel sad?
If you get bit by someone is it serious enough to go to the hospital?
How to tell if a shy boy likes you?
How come our society so freely allows women to escape gender roles but not men?
Does New Orleans have a mafia crime family?
What do you think about this article?
Should this be the ideal body type?
I analyze programs in my sleep?
how can i have confidence in myself?
How do I stop getting so depressed ?
Which field of science investigates the origins of life?
what does it mean to have this kind of dream? read below?
I thought I was incest?
What do you do if you know something but everyone else thinks you're an idiot?
I'm stuck in another country and...?
Why do people at school stare at me?
GUYS: Need help with lover's guilt.?
Patience is the ability to count down?
if there is high inflation, would you lower reserve requirements or increase them?
Held hands with my crush in a dream, meaning?
Why would this guy copy me all of the time?
what does it mean when you have a dream the worlds ending?
does an expansionary policy decrease interest rates, increase loan demand, and overall increase demand?
Why are there pakistanis with longer noses?
Women, would you start disliking someone for being perpetually single?
What is the significance of putting a hand on the back of someone elses neck?
How to become a oil rig worker as soon as possible?
Support claims on why domestic violence is bad?
Is that you at the back of my mind, second on the left just behind the dreams?
how can i face my fear of speaking infront of a class?
How may a 40-year-old man react if he finds out the 20-something woman he's dating is a virgin?
what is the value of x in x+4,3-x,x+10?
does an expansionary fiscal policy increase deficits?
what is the definition of macroeconomic equilibrium?
If the bartender flirts & gives you his number, are you supposed to tip or does that seem patronizing?
How does a woman feel if a man buys her a drink?
Whats the gender ratio of the US ?
what are some small signs that a person, any person, may be a control freak?
Could evolution support the idea that \Man was formed of dust from the ground\?
How would you adjust?
'evaluate the reasons for the differences in pay between the jobs identified' help?
Social service worker (social worker) written exam, what to expect?
what are the 'perks' or bonuses some workers might receive?
What Do the United States Trade?
What are your odd habits?
what does it mean to dream about eating astros...?
Why do women work like this?
Do guys preferences differ?
Is it true that guys like petite women?
I am an right grade student being falsely accused by my teacher, how do I get her fired?
Ladies, does it ever go to your head from all the men that look at you constantly?
Russian etiquette for meeting american women, is this true?
How would you interpret this interaction?
Is it considered normal these days for a guy to never have a girlfriend?
Romantic dreams about my friend???
I'd like to know more about lucid dreaming - I know its real and effective but what exactly is it?
who is the founder of the movement for women's rights?
What causes a guy to be overly feminine and a girl to be overly masculine?
dream probzzz....>?
I'm always deppresed?
Why were the Romans better than the Inca (give specific examples)?
Help with project on canadian economy?
What are some reasons that governments support money-losing and ecosystem-destroying fishing industries?
What psychological condition will be associated with xenophobia and racism?
Who is the founder of the epigenetic theory?
I had a dream I died in a plane crash?
Do you agree with this?
How does alcoholism effect the non-alcoholic family members?
I am still hurt and feel cheated on?
Effects of Globalization on Libya?
BOY HELP PLEASE!! I'm a girl and this is very confusing!?
in constructive debates or arguments, has anyone ever tried to twist words around on you or twist your own wor?
How to troll women in real life/the internet?
How do I enjoy Sunday evenings more rather then dreading the work week?
Societal Characteristics and infrastructures: United Kingdom?
Women and nesting. Do women view the household as their domain?
how to look emo in shool?
the impact of technological innovations in promoting industrial expansion?
I have a hard time socializing with people?
How to overcome Sexual anxiety?
Can women become as dateless, lonely , and desperate as men ?
Degree in psychology, neuroscience & behaviour?
How do you feel about violence against men and women?
I have been studying every day so hard for one full year non stop taking summer classes and winter classes?
Are my dreams Related to me not smoking weed?
Why do some people have bad misconceptions about the working class?
GS: do you like to clean your house?
how to get rid of this feelings? please help?
Should I go to a therapists for social anxiety?
Men, would you rather have hot looking wife with average income or an unattractive wife who makes a lot?
What would it be like to be married to an MRA?
What are the dumbest mistakes you've ever made?
how does the media benefit from the exploitation of women?
gender and race inequality? 10 points!!?
Which was worse on a global scale: the Great Depression on the Great Recession of 2008?
to be human is to discuss?
Is being afraid of the dark wrong?
Hard time socializing? Help?
I need to find some peace in my life?
Dream interpretation?
Definition of homelessness?
I'm feeling tired all of the time.?
Why do women gossip more then men?
I have a hard time socializing? Opinions?
How did the HIV epidemic in South Africa reflect “imprint of the past?”?
Why do guys masturbate more then girls?
How to deal with people who treat with me with silence and apathy and then comes back to me when they need me?
Am I attracted to disparity?
Can anyone interpret my dream?
Why are adult men more mature then adult women? Is it hormonal?
What do you learn from this 19th Century rule about flirting with women in public?
Yesterday was one of the worst days of my life. Can you cheer me up?
Economic Collapse? What to do?
I'm completely lost in life?
I had a weird dream about searching for three girls for this guy?
I have no direction in life/ ambition?
Which Should I Choose A Software Development or Clinical Mental Health Counseling Degree?
dreamed someone was massaging my back?
Should I tell a counsellor about my actions and what is likely to happen if I do?
What does feminism stand for?
How do you, personally, determine who is worthy of your trust and who is not?
Is there a news source that doesn't have a pro-feminist bias?
What does it mean to shut people out?
What does this dream mean?
A History of Violence?
why some workers are paid per hour and others paid a salary?
why are the arts important to society?
Are Feminists Racist?
what is this type of mental or emotional condition ? ? ?
had a very strange dream?
Is it normal to feel depressed after a boy is mean to you?
How can I overcome this problem?
Art therapists! Do I need a psychology A-level to be an art therapist?
Dream about someone crashing my car?
Are you sad about being born too early to witness the time when humans explore and colonize distant planets?
Do you believe in true love?
I had a dream that I stole from my brother?
Why are people nicer to women than men?
How does a beautiful attitude benefit you and others?
I had a dream that I was beaten up?
Holden Caulfield Aspergers Essay?
For three months I have had No emotion?
What is wrong with me?
What to do? I'm so sad and bored?
What means sexual attraction for women?
-repost different category- need more answers.. long but please read and help?
Healing yourself when others around you are hurting themselves?
I have a son but I dream that I have more kids. I want more kids. Could this be related to that?
I have a son but I dream that I have more kids. I want more kids. Could this be related to that?
dream meaning, murder,houses andand an oder couple?
How to lose your voice?
Is it true those who keep saying to others to \get over it\ or \move on\ to everyone?
Was I thinking in my dream or in real life? Is this normal?
is it safe to go to a man house you know of the internet?
Why do I feel like the black sheep of the family when in always trying to do the right thing?
How to overcome nerves speaking to a large crowd?
How come even ugly women feel they have a right to quote, hot tall guys? Cuz ugly guys are ok with ugly girls?
I was sitting with my friends last night and lost consciousness for about 45 seconds. i thought i was just?
Social Studies Homwork Help! Due tomorrow!?
i need to know, am i depressed?
Gs: Do you think American movies often 'objectify' women?
How would you conduct this study ( impact of economic crisis on addictive behavior) ?
I hate this world???
Do blind people dream?
Can anyone please explain the term federal to me in the simplest easy way within a friendly example?
Can a girl really get a restraining order on me for this, or is she bluffing? She told my friend she was?
Why are teenage boys so sexually underdeveloped?
Dream where my mom ran someone over with me in the car?
why is it autistic people can't stand being around people but can spend every second of the day with me?
Sociology questions PLEASE HELP ME!!!!?
Why did this guy get so upset when I said this? I had a right to.?
Why women wear makeup? 10 points?
Why do some guys act like this?
Increase £28 by 7% & decrease £28 by 7%?
What are some good subpoints for market structure in economics?
Reincarnation in dreams. What does it mean?
How to have proper perspective?
With my question that I ask people always tell me to go to the doctors?
With my question that I ask people always tell me to go to the doctors?
Should I stop asking questions about \Fundamental Attribution Error\?
How to reduce anxiety and self consciousness?
I had this dream about my Male friend...What does it mean?
So much work to do and keep procasternating and overwhelmed ?
I had a dream last night. I wish i had some sort of interpretation.... my mom told me wealth was a bad sign?
What just happened with me?
How do I bring myself to study? Ten points?
I need help about a dream I had last night!!!?
if a random heirwick is moved on the left, will we get a right answer anyway?
What is my mbti personality type?
I need to cry today to make some one notice something?
Why is that many of the atheist women are feminists?
Could you suggest any useful advice on proper office behavior when dealing with female staff?
Can only a psychologist publish a psychological case study?
what are the examples of 'giffen goods' ?
Why did my friends say this and react this way?
Why am I more productive and fun when I'm tired?
If there was a pill to prevent sexism, made specifically for children, would you give it to your children?
Please Help Dream Analying?
What does my Goldfish dream mean?
constant deja vu nearly everyday?
I came across this article on homosexuality and I think it's bunkum?
so what is the key to civilisation?
What's the best coffee?
I'm a straight female disgusted by guy's armpit hair. What's the best way to ask him to shave?
Can someone please explain \Why the world is a mirror of our true self\?
What are the 10 richest and 10 poorest countries in europe?
is the secret to a strong mind \becoming\ your mind and capacities?
How to figure what to do with your life?
Does the requirement to identify oneself frequently in modern society infringe upon one's right to privacy?
Have Any Of The Laws Been Ignored , Or Chipped Away At To Lesson The Eqaulity To Women ?
What Are The Current Struggles Of Women ?
What the hell happened?
What Are The Current Struggles Of Women ?
What Were The Struggles Of Woman ?
How can I stop being paranoid/irritated when it comes to other people?
Will my bf feel slightly ashamed when he finds out my friend is taking me on vacation?
Why am I straight male but I had a dream that I was having a baby with a man?
How to convert motivation into performance?
I have a vivid imagination?
Is Titanic film made by Feminist?
I'm so incredibly afraid of dying?
why do feminists only want job eqaulity for the least work, highest paying jobs?
I had a dream last night that I was in hospital unwell and then they discovered I was in labour, hours past &?
describe main reason for rapid population growth.?
What is the meaning with life if you just wants to make it stop?
if patriarchy is designed to benefit men, then why would it make men disposable for women's best interests?
I just realised that i always find a reason to dislike a person.?
What does this really mean when a parent does this?
Why do I get so angry?
why do I always feel the need to cheat?
If a bad boy's ma ma didn't teach him to behave is that the fault of all women?
How women easly catch our eyes when we look at them?
is positivity the absence of negativity or is negativity the absence of positivity?
I have spent 8 years of my life trying to get a qualification? Still Haven't got it.?
What does everyone have against my avatar?
what is the difference between demand and aggregate demand?
is this depression? im 17?
women,girls do you tolerate if a very attractive guy harass you?
Dream of walking up a winding hilly street.?
do men understand women - why/why not?
why feminism ask so many privileges for them?
Does porn damage the brain and cause emotional numbness?
camh and social anxiety?
He loves me In the dream ?!?
why is everyone out to get me?
Does too high standards imply being alone forever?
When ever I have a dream about death someone dies!?
Can I go on disability benefits if I have paranoid schizophrenia?
HOW TO STAY CALM AND AVOID NEGATIVE ENERGY AND THOUGHTS?
Why do dreams make me feel so much worse than in real life?
Am I just a huggable person?
How long will it take for me to learn to write with my left hand?
Are alpha females more logical than beta females?
Why Is It So Hard To Forgive?
what does it mean to dream of everyone being killed,because I Tu usa was under a bomb attack?
Would you feel sorry for bullies who gets bullied?
how to get the dopamine in my brain to start working again naturally?
why did I dream about my brother and dad Being in a car accident an they almost died and why did I feel guilty?
why did I dream about my brother and dad Being in a car accident an they almost died and why did I feel guilty?
How is it that older women are so naive about younger women?
Can someone help me understand my feelings?
still have a weird connection with ex?? please answer?
Reocuring dream about a house?
What does it mean when you dream about a person?
A weird connection with ex?? please answer?
How often women masturbate?
If women shunned cocky, violent, aggressive men - do you think less men would behave like that?
What does my dream mean?
If a man comes into a workplace with mostly women. What is the best way to survive?
What Women/Girls do when they feels to farts in their class rooms or in parties ... ?
Does poking your eyebrows cause damage to the brain?
Question for the MRAs of GS?
What does it mean dream team?
Can we have a society without divisions?
Six social effects of contact between africa and the world?
weird pregnancy dreams?
Should bad boys be condemned for being \bad boys\ - or do we just look the other way?
Why should people sorry for women who chase after bad boys of her free -will and got abused?
Is there a job/career that improves the standard living of a nation?
Should I go and see a psychologist?
\Every woman, in some or other time in her life, uses black bra and panty\ is this true?
how can I feel confident around my boyfriend and his family?
My sister is 23, she sleeps on her side with both arms behind her back, it almost resembles a penguin, why?
Should people who abuse kids be executed from first offense?
What do you think of this scenario?
why do people care so much?
How does a person breaks his Ego?
How do you know if it's simply a bad point in life or depression?
Is 600$ a good salary in USA ?
Tips for getting success in group discussion.?
What do you think should happen to this grandma who used a sledgehammer to kill her grandkid?
Is it ok to be unproductive for a season?
Can anybody give me any details about a demon?
Why do people want death penalty for rapists but not child abusers?
(Indications)Afraid of the Same Sex?
I keep hearing and seeing things?
Why my understanding power is so weak?
Demonic nightmare seriously please help?
I feel like I'm the ugly duckling of my family?
Help with nightmares?
Is this excessive worrying or normal?
I self harm and I just need some advice?
GS: Should we go back to the time when rapists were executed upon first offense.?
Why do embarrassing memories keep coming to me at random times?
I have had missing time can you explain?
Always Bad Anxiety At Night?
Should this murderer of a 22-year-old female college student get the electric chair?
Which course should i do B.sc in Economics or BBA to get knowledge about investing and stock market...?
Goerge sodini killed himself over being dateless. Why we haven't heard about women doin the same ?
Should I contact a psychologist?
Is this derealization or anything else?
Life or death help!!!!?
how I can be artcess hollywaood that is my dream?
What is the name/word for...?
What does this dream mean?
confused about my sexuality?
What is it called when you try something and you can't. You give up, try later and you actually can?
I am 26 years old and I didn't get married?
How weird is it to still be scared of the dark at age eighteen?
Looking at chicks assets?
Dreamed something weird.?
Which is the excellent , perfect and quicker way to suicide?
What is feminism.....?
Is it possible for women to lead a successful life?
Are hoarders afraid of space?
moral context in research?
What's your REALISTIC zombie apocalypse survival plan?
what are you thinking about?
I had a very violent two-part dream?
What about yourself are you most embarrassed about?
Do you have ASPD (antisocial personality disorder)? If so, please help me with my questions:?
Poll: do you have ASPD (antisocial personality disorder)? If so, please help me with my questions:?
scared of the future?
I have a class with another guy who tries to humiliate me..how should I handle this?
Your opinion on the meaning of life?
What does this dream mean?
?How do interracial couples deal with racism?
?How does a person's culture influence the way they act?
Afghanistan should be Aryan, The Land of Aryans.?
why does this dream happen just as im almost finished letting go these strong feelings?
Can you list three or more examples of people being greedy enough to give?
Difference between observational method and correlational method when doing research?
HOW DO i move past this feeling of hurt , and pain and pushing people away?
Is this a horrible thing think of / to do?
Where can I find summer psychology-related internship around Cleveland?
How can you remove feelings and be cold hearted?
how come I feel like I will never fit in?
Why is it bad for children to learn/read/study about psychology?
Feminists fight for women and men to have paid parental leave given to them by employers but...?
I snooped through my boyfriends phone?
How come sometimes what you know can't change how you feel? I.e., Illogical feelings?
i was watching some tv and then suddenly a jolt or something hit me and i was numb everywhere?
What exactly is non-linear thinking?
What is a gender song that makes you laugh?
Why is life easier when you are detached?
How old are you? And how do you feel about it?
why economic growth of a country is judged by the development of industries?
does the matter of \sex\ mean men cannot be objectified?
Title suggestions for a short story...? Is it good? (i skipped some parts cuz its long)...urgent!?
how can I be more self-driven?
Omg im scared???????????
Was I sexually abused?
Should one be positive, or should one be real?
which do you think is worse?
I watch videos of animals getting harmed and?
Have you ever dealt with feeling like you were misdiagnosed?
what could my dream symbolize?
\say yes to computr chip and no to potato chip\?
Are our gender roles decided by nature or by society?
Why am i mean to certain people?
what do you do when someone gaslights you?
What can I do to overcome short-term memory loss? Is it related to ADD?
How do I convince myself that there's nothing wrong with me?
Why do I dream of guys I don't know and haven't met?
i have something that can't be cured ( well maybe with therapy)?
I'm feeling really creeped out about my dream...?
how can I change this thinking?
I am lonely and I hate it...?
what to say when you approach women on the street?
help! why am i so crazy and insane?
How does one focus his/her mind and keep it from wandering ?
What's your favorite song to drive to?
Why do so many people think life is a gift?
Do you think the movie 'Her' looks really depressing and disturbing?
If someone is deaf their entire life, what language are their thoughts in?
What's wrong with me :(?
Can someone please tell me what my dream means, please?
what does this dream mean?
Do you think this is also still on his mind, or no ?
Why is society so messed up?
what percent of goods come from china?
How do we overcome fears of rejection or worries of bothering other people with our requests ?
how did the human brain's volume triple in such a short time?
Why are people racist and colorist? What's your opinion.?
what changes has provoked the imperialism to the American and European societies?
q1} what is the role of telephone in the field of information development,education,commerce,governance?
how to stop being anxious?
Women: which do you think is better?
My ex-boyfriend is happily engaged with his new girlfriend and I am very happy?
how in the hell does this work?
Is this normal????????
what does my dream mean? for the past 6 months I have been dreaming about a dead girl that I have never meet?
help! why am i so different from other people?
help! why do i lack EQ and social skills when i am so booksmarts?
help please! why am i so mentally ill? i have schizoaffective, histrionic, narcissistic and paranoid personali?
Am I becoming anti social or just going through a phase.?
I dreamt l was walking with mama on a long hot journey.we reached a place where l managed to buy her food.she?
Same dream happening for months?
I don't understand this question in Economics?
What do you try to keep your mind on when you are concerned about something?
Insecurity problems help.?
Guys how often do u think of women?
i dont like myself, but i dont think im ugly?
Why do I want to hurt myself when I'm not depressed?
Had a dream about my crush?
why does sex make me sick?
Why might a guy not want to define the relationship as \official\ yet?
how do you feel about atheists?
Guys: does this mean I wasn't good enough to him?
I had a really weird dream about a guy in a white suit. What could it mean?
Are there some social workers who are not specialized and are able to work with children and senior citizens ?
Can I get married if I convince a poor girl?
What is The best feeling?
is it normal to feel alone about a family member dying?
What would cause a millionaire to do this?
how to get people to stop following you around?
Girls : How much of a tall guy would you date ?
What could a dream about being between tiger and a pit bull mean?
In one hand we have held the past?
My Dads behavior has changed drastically?!?
What kind of mental issue is this?
I feel so lost. I seek help to what I can do to my life?
how to get rid of fear in public speaking?
Dreams of running on all fours?
DOES this mean anything in this case?
Please answer!!! Anxiety?
Question on lucid dreaming?
How to stop caring so much?
Without a picture what kind of ethinic background would you say this person has?
GS: Do you have any friends who are your ideological opposites?
What's the longest word you know, and how do you spell it?
Am I going crazy? Seriously, I need some advice with this.?
Do abusive people ever stop being abusive..?
Scared to throw up, after eating?
What neurotransmitters in the brain tell us that our stomach is full?
Is it too late to make a new start?
The supply curve for product X is given by QXS = -420 + 10PX . a. Find the inverse supply curve.?
Are You A Good Person?
how do I get over homesickness?
Is there a FREE psychic chat online?
Why does this much much older man stare at me all the time and tries to find ways to touch me or be near me ?
Am i considered a whore...?
Need a dream interpretation please?
Why do I get jealous easily?
Fear or phobia: If you like something would you come back for more?
Do you think that demanding deception to give love, sex, commitment, loyalty etc. is..?
please someone tell me what all these signs of my ex boyfriend mean...?
Is it normal to feel this way?
I feel ugly because I'm a little overweight?
Sterilization is best described as:?
Dream About Someone Unknown?
Why do we close our eyes when we pray, kiss, cry or dream ?
Do people schizdoid disorders or thought disorders have an interest in sports and meeting people they have?
What happens when you get really hi and listen to bob marley?
I was supposed to be born with birth defects but i came out normal?
What exactly is anxiety, can you develop it in a certain situation?
SAVE MY LIFE I BEGGGGG YOU PLEASEE I NEED TO KNOW?
helpless what to do in life?
Dreamt about a woman?
How are exchange rates determined?
Do you think that using deception to get sex, love, commitment, loyalty, etc. is ....?
What are your personal theories on how/why the Indus Valley civilization collapsed?
Why does my husband not seem to accept me for who I am, yet I accept him?
Does this dream mean anything or is just a weird dream?
feeling guilty for no apparent reason? /:?
What is the deepest most elaborate dream youve had?
this is probably a stupid question but What makes something Funny? Do Animals have a sense of humor?
How should I talk to my teacher, what can I do to get my teacher to know me more?
How do I stop being a misogynist?
What are the causes of having a baby face, as an adult female?
I Like to be isolated?
I need to interview a psychologist or therapist; are there any psychologists/therapists willing to help me?
what does my sisters dream mean ? its kinda creepy?
why do people think that only men can be cold hearted?
how do u help feeling guilty over doing the right thing?
is it normal for a teenager to be extremely lazy?
I feel depressed about my height?
Why do I feel like im always missing something in life?
I dont like being around people?
How does one even look at one's self in the mirror after \stealing\ intimacy from another?
from a mental stand point what does this mean?
How to be annoyingly happy?
Ladies: Which makes you feel more successful in life?
How much will you forget from a hit to the head?
Psychology research paper topics for someone interested in folk music, culture, and nature/nurture?
Am I anti-social or another thing all together?
What do you think about a woman who is very picky about sex?
Do extroverts have a low opinion of themselves?
What are your personal theories on how/why the Indus Valley civilization collapsed?
This girl who envies me since high school, finally managed to steal my boyfriend?
In what (self-proclaimed) human rights movement have prominent mainstream leaders ....?
GS Men: Have you ever lied to get a woman into bed...?
Does anyone hate their mother as much as I do?
Ladies do u find women attractive?
Define violence against men and women?
What does it mean when someone calls you mellow?
what do dreams of a baby boy signify?
hi, i am a freshman. my favorite major is International Relation, but i find my character is not social..?
My recently turned 12 year old son states that he is seeing and hearing things.?
Is it normal for dreams to occur every night like episodes of a TV show?
GS: Would you agree to marry an evil person who ruled the world to keep citizens safe from harm?
At what age is childhood over?
Why do I dream about my ex?
So, what opposite gender \stereotypical activity\ do you happen to be good at?
would you like to live a quiet life and then pass ultimately unremembered, or would you prefer?
If the average total cost is decreasing, the marginal cost is?
GS: What is romance? Are romance and equality between the sexes mutually exclusive?
Question for Curators???
Dreaming about a girl?
Are introverts born introverts?
Can someone offer an explanation for my broken bike chain dream?
We do not deal much in facts when we are contemplating ourselves. Please explain ?
My gf over analyzes every thing?
Women answer plz?!?!?!?
Always overthinking and worrying?
What do you think of a person who has this type of behavior?
Pros and condoning being expressive in nature?
why am I weaker than everyone else?
What does it mean to get multiple visits from the dead?
Would you let your boyfriend do your hair?
What does this mean? PLEASE HELP!?
Best way to deal with intrusive/obsessive thoughts?
Who is the head scientist? from movie fat man and little man?
I had a dream i got raped?
\Professions for Women\ by Woolf, what is \the angel in the house\?
I can lucid dream but have never made an effort to?
How do I develop deep connections with people when I'm socially awkward?
How do I develop deep connections with people when I'm socially awkward?
Why do i continuously have nightmares?
Why do all girls cross their legs?
Do women sleep with evil men to prevent war?
What does vivid dreams mean?
How do I become brave enough to tell my friends I'm self-harming?
What is lucid dreaming?
Why am I always single?
Why did I dream such a deep intimate dream?
Is everyone secretly sad?
Why am I so stressed or is it something else?
Why does propaganda help with the economy of a nation?
dream of myself and family in flood of water walking?
dream of myself and family in flood of water walking?
Why am i in love with some girl that does not exist?
dream of myself and family in flood of water walking?
Is quantitative psychology more like sociology?
dream of myself and family in fliod if water walking?
Does this market trend graph have more of an up or down trend?
Why are my enemies nice to me in the dream world? and what is the dream meaning of Atlantis?
Why is ethics called a practical science?
How to get picture i.d. without a snail mail address?
What does this dream mean?
Why is ethics called a \science\?
Is the US economy better or worse then 5 years ago?
Help I think my house is haunted and don't know what to do?!?
i need to stop cutting myself what can i do ?HELP?
Something's always killing me?
Ladies: would you look twice at a man shorter than you...?
How can I overcome my obsession of wanting Christmas to be great every year instead of just good?
Can a woman still call herself a feminist and expect a man to pay for the first date?
How do i tell my councelor she's worthless so I don't want to talk to her?
how to make myself cry?
How does government budget affect the prices of commodities?
How much does Aritizia cost?
Why are humble, nice people the ones who always struggle to make friends and become popular?
I keep dreaming about my dead cat?
GS: If the Hunger Games were real, how would it actually play out in our society?
Are women generally more colder than men?
Suicidal teen, advice?
Is this an example of classical conditioning?
what is the application and used of polynomials ?
I'm mother of teen son, one day he asked me about death. How can I answer him with comfort?
How does a nation judge how much money it needs to print or pump into the system?
Was the story of Sybil with multiple personality disorder just an elaborate hoax?
Is there a name for this dream issue I am having?
i think i have no personality?
When you think of sex workers, do you automatically assume they're bad people?
2 guys kissing does it turn women on?
Why is there a lack of straight women on dating sites?
How to forget something I saw?
How can anyone watch the ebb and flow of politics and the news in the U.S. and think that ...?
dreamed my dog was trying to attack a pot belly pig we had in my dream?
Poll: What is your therapist like?
Abortion is the central issue of american politics?
Why would someone 'choose' to work in the sex industry?
Why would someone 'choose' to work in the sex industry?
Upon receiving sexist/racist comments at work & school, my friend?
Is there a phobia of confusion?
Who linked amphetamine's effects on learning abilities to a brain dysfunction or injury?
I've been having.... Normal dreams?
I have 4 dreams a night and remember them all!?
Lack of fat men on dating sites. Why?
Have you (or someone you know) ever had a positive experience with hypnotherapy?
Feeling ashamed is preventing me from making decisions?
do women prefer big balls or little ones?
ok so I need to know if I am (what ever you call it if your having visions).?
Will Japan resolve the problem of suicide among the young people?
Why do many people hate Capitalism?
is it cool to go out on your own?
i have been having this reoccurring dream lately will you help me?
Life is boring. What can I do.?
what are the different moral issues and legal/health issues for workers/clients in the sex industry?
have you ever been inside a brothel or spoken with sex workers to gain knowledge of the sex industry?
Bored - what to do with my life?
how can I stop repeating stuff in my head?
Why is feminism such a big deal in the U.S?
Why don't some who 'consistently' approach others ever wonder?
what does this dream mean?
Why do people say 'men should respect women'?
Dreaming of someone you have never met and then seeing them years later?
are bald woman sexy in your opinion?
Is it normal to cry over a song with no words?
why do this guy have this bad behaviour?
I lose my balance when I'm shy...?
Social anxiety and sensitivity..?
Have we completely left our 'gender roles'?
Why is that the girl who rejected me when I was broke, now she's showing interest because of my money?
What is up with people who think it's wrong to sl*t-shame women but perfectly fine to john-shame men?
Are there any actual advantages of being tall?
Why do I all of a sudden hate how women are?
How to avoid blushing in embarrassing situations?
Why do I hate groups so much?
Are men or women more likely to commit infidelity?
Is it true most women don't care about money but only search for love?
My gf analyzes every thing?
When people see you blush and call you humble is that a good thing?
What causes someone to think that they are superior to another ?
what do you call a person who acts like a christian but does evil things?
medical question, can anyone help?
Am I Overreacting to This?
what is wrong with me?
But why do some \retards\ seem like normal people?
Am I about to go crazy?
Are violent thought normal or abnormal?
Am I over reacting..?????!!?
I had misplaced my zales lifetime warranty papers when we moved?
Read the paragraphs and explain if there Exploratory, Economic, Political, Religious, Ideological, explain why?
If in life, you get out of it what you put into it...?
\He who laughs last, laughs longest\?
Why do those who point out morbid obesity as a flaw get backlash, esp when its coupled w rudeness, aggression?
My life is so boring.?
Guys !! hep me getting rid of my arrogant behaviour?
My friend would be schizophrenic?
I had a dream my guy friend kissed me?
Is this why we need more female politicians?
What is wrong with me?
Inverse from MC to TC?
is something wrong with me or is it all in my mind?
How do I date someone after my abusive ex?
Best way to defeat intrusive thoughts?
Why did they NOT laugh when I removed my glasses for good?
Why am I attracted to people with 'problems'?
How do I find out what my dream meant?
When will anxiety go away?
what is an easy money policy in econ?
anxiety issues ..getting worse?
What do people mean when they say they can't read you?
What would be your ideal economic system?
What has \Patriarchy\* done to Women in the last 30 years, that men should fight it?
Why is it more men cheat then women?
Is it necessary to have an ego as a defence mechanism?
How can I deal with loneliness?
Psychological problems?
Do you like introverts or extroverts?
HELP WITH ALEVEL ANTHROPOLOGY QUESTION !!?
3/4 of the Earth is set for sterilization. How would they be chosen?
How would you describe your inner speech (also known as inner voice, internal speech, or internal monologue)?
What is a good name for my robotics team?
Can someone's true personality be hidden /suppressed/ undiscovered/ unexposed all along?
If the world was going to end what would be the best option?
I panic when I have my arms/hands covered? What's this called?
Always looking for something better?
Confused Dont now what I am...?
Anyone care to explain what being a brony is all about?
What is your perspective on disintegration of joint family system? (long-term care)?
Is there a psychological reason why I don't date black men?
True or False : You have to admit that society is biased toward women?
is this true? i found it somewhere 0-0?
People chasing me in my dreams...?
How do I become more social and less anti social/awkward?
Do you think the humanistic view of people is naive?
scared to walk to the store alone?
Why do so many people like Jocks?
Why can't I tell people how I feel?
What is this proof of ?
Can you learn to be good at socializing?
Is it possible that something really traumatic happened to me but I can't remember?
How do I deal with people who do lots of hurtful things to me so I can only get hurt?
Why don't I have a talent?
Someone touching you when you're 'asleep'?
How do you deal with Paranoia. I am afraid it may lead to schizophrenia.?
why some women react this way when they post semi-nude pictures of themselves?
My niece has an unhealthy obsession with her mums boyfriend?
Why are my teachers so nosey and why am I always feeling so down?
How do i get rid of these thoughts?!?
Should i go to the club to start getting over my social anxiety?
How to get over an irrational fear of my wife dying while giving child birth?
For people that were in a coma, what was it like?
Would you say that Syria is in the middle east?
Any consequences to acting overly apologetic?
How to know what are my skills and/or talents are?
what does dreaming of having nits mean???
How would a man feel growing up seeing that his father?
What caused me to have a near fatal brain hemorrhage at 30yrs old?
I want to change my life?
I want to change my life?
How do I become \famous\?
Do you ever find an actor or actress more attractive based on the type of role they play?
Is this or was this clinical OCD?
Can anxiety make you angry or easily agitated?
Should you be having children if you are anal retentive and overly paranoid about their problems?
For those who neglect dire priorities (morbidly obesity, no housing, etc) to aggressively seek sexual partners?
how did human suddenly make civilizations?
do you think she was telling the truth?
People who invade personal space?
So i am neglected and even abused at 17 what to do?
Get over fear of sex?
Why do people here always talk about the good old middle east?
Why am I dreaming so much about guys and what do they mean?
How does it feel for a man to be inside a woman?
What does my dream mean?? Please help.?
GS: What does this kind of attitude say about a person's opinion of males, in your opinion?
Do you believe in astrology? Are women more likely to believe in astrology than men?
How come I'm not getting women (almost 30 and still haven't been on a date)?
Do most abusive men manipulate women into dating them?
why do some people we meet in life fascinates us?
How to handle this over bearing man?
Blood Root And Dream Root (Help Please)?
Hate not having emotions like before? How to be normal again?
Why am I always so tired?
Men, what do you describe as a nice body?
Feminists: Y U NO Sense of Humor?
what are the reason some people criticize comics?
How do i become more talkative ?
Do men get judged more on their face?
Is my friend a Sociopath?
Why can't researchers know which is the drug and which is the placebo in a double-blind experiment?
I'm really homesick and I hate it here.?
What does it mean if I have dreams my bf is gonna break up w. Me of if he is cheating on me. Please help! :/?
Do slimmer women have prettier faces?
which if the following would be an easy money policy 10 pts best answer?
what is the first thing you notice when you walk into someone's bathroom (male/female)?
how denmark run their economy?
Have you ever decided to fast just by feeling how the day is going?
Why don't Feminists ever advocate against Virgin-shaming?
Women, do you take offense to the word cú?~t?
How many of y'all love yourself?
I hate my life, please help?
Hodges and Tizard privation study?
Do you believe there should be more women in politics?
Does hanging yourself hurt?
low living cost or high wage?
Sometimes we do everything right, but we still lose. what do you think this means?
My family makes me feel like crap?
What does my Dream mean?
Do you know what you want to be?
Why can't we remember much from childhood?
Are Eastern Europeans short?
why do news programs always have female models/attractive women reading the news?
Is asking for more female CEOs or scientists like asking for more white Olympic sprinters?
Dream interpretations, please?
Do you find the pet names \bud\ or \buddy\ to be a tad patronizing?
Dream interpretations, please?
How do I become majorly popular?
What does it means when you dream about falling stars?
Is there something wrong with me?
have you noticed that it's usually women who divide men by race and country?
what does it mean to dream about a white spider?
Is it gross to study psychology being a guy?
I want to kill myself over the treatment I have got by police?
How much is 199.00 euros in the US?
Is 5 guys a lot for a girl this age?
I need motivation...any ideas?
How much is 199.00 euros in the US?
Why do I just want to hold beautiful women?
I can't stop thinking of it? What did I do wrong to deserve such words?
Why is it taboo to go out with a a friend's FORMER partner? Is it just seen as betrayal?
How long will it take Spain to reverse their economic problems?
why does my dad try to tell me what to wear?
Is it wrong to think other girls are cute?!!?
How can I overcome my bitterness?
I completed my review , why haven't I recieved my benefits?
why is my head so messed up? so mentally ill?
Why is it hard for people to express themselves?
why do i lack EQ And social skills when i am very booksmarts? how to overcome it?
Any Advice on Dealing With ADD?
why do women wear dresses?
What do Greek men, in general, think of British Women?
How can I find helper and life guider in my life?
psychic horror dreams?? help!!?
What to say when my mom says \Why do I have to deal with you guys?\ (long)?
can u prove this assertion?
Do you think men or women are better ticklers?
Guys- how would you feel/react if this happened to you?
what does it mean when you have a dream about someone you used to have a thing with but he moved.?
AM I overthinking this.?
To change my subconscious belife into thinking im super smart?
Who do women find more attractive, Hugh Grant or Antonio Banderas?
Why do parents disown gay children ?
Why do Western europeans view gipsies so negatively...?
What is a restorative circle? Who came up with this idea?
how does social media affect you buying habits?
Does anyone else find those long acrylic nails with crap painted on them a turn off?
How can i visualize my self being a genius or super smart?
Which of these dressing styles is the most suitable for muslim women in your opinion?
Why do I have dreams of marrying this girl whom I barley know?
Females would u date a guy that wasn't all that shallow?
What does it mean when you have a dream about your child dying but never have actually have a child?
What are the 10 differences between primary & secondary collection of data?
Why do some women feel the need to talk about the size of their partners p3nis?
Question regarding psychology?
My obsession with being influencial and a person of power?
Is a 38 year old woman who has s*x with a 13 year old boy a child m0lester?
Anybody have health anxiety?? I get obsessed with illness. Usually meningitis, brain tumour or stroke .?
What is secondary socialisation?
what is the difference in conciet and confidence?
so are there just 2 types of men: traditional and submissive?
Feeling extreme suicidal thoughts.?
If we all had the 'Welcome to St. Tropez' lifestyle, would there be less problems in the world?
is this the end of my dreams?
The concept of mechanism of biological evolution?
Why do women stare at good looking women?
How come a good looking girl with a nice body can't dress revealing...?
Is sexual harassment only okay if the harasser is dying of cancer?
GIRLS I need your advice please?
what is the concept of mechanism of biological evolution?
10 million big foot bounty,why does it have to be primate dna abominable snowman isnt primate by dna?
Are feminists better off doing away with slutwalk?
Gs: Are xenophobes common where you live?
Should I go down the same road for her sake? (Question not detailed as wanted, because lack of characters.?
Should I go down the road for her sake or avoid it? (Not enough characters to finish question fully)?
I feel like someone is watching me when I sleep?
Why are people willing to accept attention seeking, hypocritical insensitive people?
Do you really think that a shy guy never get success as much as he can?
Waking up at 3 am everynight?
Organisational Psychology and International Business?
When I hear a song I imagine myself singing it in different scenarios??
Whom will I meet by accident next?
Lena Dunham says there are TWO kinds of people in the world?
Get women's attentions?
I slept walked and made myself downstairs...?
Can someone help explain this?
Im dreamt about ive been flying like a witch with my elder brother with a use of pipe. What does it mean?
If an old man was sexually harassing you, would you continue to let him just because he was dying of cancer?
I have 4 dreams a night, help 10 points!!?
If men were forced to stop harassing women, what other outlooks would they use to prove masculinity?
Am I being emotionally abused?
Are men who like big boobs more likely to want children?
I Had A Dream Of A Talking Tarantula. Help?
I had to commit my father to a mental hospital involentarally 3 nights ago.. My family hates me. HELP!?
Do you think society pressures girls to be skinny?
Girls, when you first discovered that there was.....?
Why did I have a vision of who I am getting married and having kids with?
Why do people go to get work done at Beauty/Medical Centers? (Anthropology)?
Some women try and argue a sexist comment against women, by making a sexist comment back?
When do people mature?
if a man who is stronger fights a weaker but faster and more flexible woman......?
Can a woman and man live together without having sex?
Should i give up or try more... :( plz help...?
can someone interpret this dream?
Help I can't eat and it's driving me crazy?
Are you tired of living?
How to cope with pessimistic people?
is studying good?...?
Is it true that humans are really different from animals?
I had everything in life money, good education ,health and handsome enough but no personality?
why am i so different from others?
Why did I have a dream that I was in my old apartment?
what does this dream mean?
Is this some kind of OCD?
Should I be more considerate towards my boyfriend?
is this guy right that russian and british women are the sexiest in the world?
what monetary policy is happening?
What do you think would have happened if 75k?
Very embarrasing situation !pls help?
Can you give me some types of universal deviance please?
Help me figure this out ,.,,,,,,,,,?
Are there any countries in the world with full employment?
I've been having really awful nightmares help ?
how can we exchange the cCEM CRUZADOS 100 IN INR.......?
What do you think of the show \Two and a Half Men\?
what is wrong with me and my mind?
I hate sex , I hate to see girls body , I just feel disgusting when I see naked body,?
Which gender do you find choosier concerning physical appearance when dating?
Are the souls of the deceased that we see in our dreams real?
Which gender do you find choosier concerning physical appearance when dating?
Are the souls of the deceased that we see in our dreams real?
Can someone interpret my dream?
Really, what do you mean by having a big ego?
what are ten top evils in society today and what things represent them?
What is the meaning of a dream - Water, Ball and chain -?
Why am i meeting people in my dreams and later meeting them in real life?
Dream interpretation?
Dream interpretation?
Im a sociopath, i don't want to be one?
why do people get jealous confused with honesty?
why cant people never take responsibilities for their actions? why do they always point the finger?
How to forget a memory?
Do you not know that John the babtist fullfilled the prophecy of Elijah?
I'm in a really terrible state of mind right now...What should I do?
I keep having some messed up dreams tonight!?
Do you think I can be this calm all the time?
I keep having strange dreams about my friend?
You have been told you are child like?
Why is it acceptable to have to womens only section like hotels but mens only golf club are considered sexist?
What should I do about my life?
what is this guy's problem?
can I ever change my Life ?
Are you an optimist,pesimist or realist?
why am i so different from others?
What are the general weaknesses or critics of ego defense mechanisms?
Slogan on \Gender Bias\?
Got carjacked at knifepoint...but I haven't told anyone? Ended up being more of an epic adventure...?
Do I have a mental disorder? Is this normal?
why women education is more important than male education these days?
What is this dream about?
How should i overcome my posessiveness?
Anxious meeting people over the internet?
What does my dream mean?
Short Run and Long Run Aggregate Supply?
What's my sexual orientation?
would you take your child to a clown show - why/why not?
Are immature, shallow people attracted to other immature, shallow people?
Why can't I be normal?
What ethnicity is she?
Are women seen as cheap for going over to a man's house?
Do you think it's stupid for a woman to have a nose-job, silicon and so on?
Psychology classes in college?
girls would this embarrass you?
what shoes make you look taller?
Can what you read before bed cause nightmares?
DID I JUST LUCID DREAM?
hearing your name been called when asleep?
who decides whats beautiful?
What romantic song by the opposite gender do you like best?
who decides whats beautiful?
What romantic song by the opposite gender do you like best?
Depressed and can't fix it?
Cant feel emotion. Help me please.?
Why is Society so Immoral?
Why do some grown men urinate on toilet seats?
Whats percentage of low class in America ?
Lost in life. How do I find myself. Please help me.?
I need help,why can't I stop thinking?
How do you control your dreams?
Do You want to be felicitous?
how did humans evolve to be so smart even though it was a disadvantage?
what is rate of intrest on ppf account?
what is your dream job?
Write the three main features of monsoon?
I don't want to sleep or dream any more?
Continually having sex dreams about my sister's best friend and I?
If you could pay rent with anything else other than money, what would you pay with?
if you were invited to a strip club for men, would you go out of curiosity?
What does it mean if i saw the devil in my dream?
Too used to being alone?
I see the same digits most of the time when I look at the time, what does it mean?
What do women think...?
What is an easy way to make life simple again?
Is this a good sign - could my bf be ready to take my advice of talking to someone?
What book on international development or social anthropology should I read?
Unexplained dream? Or was it a dream?
I feel sad/depressed at work?
What really makes us want to get into a relationship?
I have become a loner?! 10 pts?
What do women think...?
How do I deal with living in modern society?
Is it good to be depressed sometimes ?
What do you make of the whole Mindy Kaling Elle Magazine cover thing?
Which of these movies do you recommend me watching?
Is it possible to beat social anxiety just through actions?
Did prehistoric civilizations exist?
Why do I feel this way?
Why is blackpeoplemeet.com not considered racist?
Are short & facially unattractive men equal to obese women? (dating, singles)?
a dream i had about a brown horse with red eyes?
a dream i had about a brown horse with red eyes?
How do we know that we are still alive while we wake up from deep sleep?
I think I have inferiority complex.?
Worrying about my life, help!?
How can the people who say they don't marry because they don't know how long it would last...?
Is it rude to say that someone looks like Austin Powers?
I feel as if i suddenly developed a fear of dying or getting seriously injured, why is this?
I need some advice? I'm dating a misogynist?
Why do we dream when we sleep?
Why do we dream when we sleep?
Falling head over heels for at least one person?? in ur 20s?
how can i find love? I am so lonely and I have wasted my life with losers, why cant i find love? when I find?
Does everyone have a weakness or insecurity?
I feel like my potential isnt being used.. what do I do.?
Any women out there who have fainted before? What caused your faints?
Can anybody give me some Insight on my psychopathy test?
You have asked a question and forgot you asked it?
who can recommend some works about attachment?psychology???
Can we debunk that every face you see in dreams, you have seen before?
WHAT IS THE MOST AMUSSING FEELING IN THE WORLD???
Why won't people tell me why they don't like me?
How come I never know what I want/feel?
Why is it so hard to understand other people or put yourself in their shoes?
How to handle stress and anger?
I hate being an only child… am i alone?
How do so many people work for the majority of their lives?
I was sexual assaulted. Am i still depressed? How do i get over it?
Whenever I get nervous my face muscles get extremely tense, please help?
is there a scientifical explanation?
How can I become a psychologist in India?
is there a scientifical explanation?
What does this dream mean?
Do I have some form of body dysmorphic disorder?
In how many romantic relationships have you been so far in your life?
Why do only women wear nailpolish? Skirts? High heels? Make up?
Child Abuser but never use Drugs?
How can I stop dreaming so much?
Can Narcissism Be Stripped From A Personality?
Problems with self confidence?
Have you ever had an N D E in your life?
Have you ever had an N D E in your life?
Skinny jeans... Australian wildlife... is this still a problem?
why did peter L. berger argue that sociology be dangerous?
Dreams about my ex's cousin?
Will my anxiety ever go away?!:(?
Is marriage an overrated concept of humanity?
Why are teenage guys so effeminate?
1million dollar equal to how many rupees?
How can I stop being a social outcast and get a life (please help me)?
I hate my life!!! Help!!!! Please!?
Women would you marry a man that wanted become a house husband?
Please give me your worst childhood memory?
I hate my life!!! Help!!!! Please!?
whats in the European gene pool?
what happens when you do a clean on your self with a egg for witc craft and white b ubble on the side?
I just 'felt' my grandfather die?
My coworkers asked me if I have a boyfriend and I lied and said, \Yes it's you.\ How do you feel?
Do you believe psychic people?
Famous Late Middle Ages women? between 1200AD - 1499AD?
How can I not be so depressed?
What's to throw a young man in the rail?
How can I stop lucid dreaming ?
Why can't I get over/past things/people?
Are the girls that seem to notice everything around them but me the very ones that dislike me?
If your partner doesn't like someone, should you automatically cease from speaking to that person?
What does it mean to dream with no clothes on?
Anyone else feel like being social is pointless?
How can I get rid of self consciousness?
I bully a kid and I do not know how to stop?
Will you be celebrating Valentine's Day and March 14th?
How to stop being impatient?
what do girls think of weak men?
I can't stop crying, should I seek therapy or is this normal?
I hate my class, have to endure another year of them, how can I avoid conversation?
Is there a certain point in mental instability to where there's no willing to stay with you?
y are women just not able to deal with me being emotional?
I need help. How can I get my teacher to understand who I am and talk to me?
Do men like glute muscles in women?
Been feeling kind of down lately?
Been feeling kind of down lately?
What should I include in my suicide note?
My life is doing pretty bad?
Has Gender Studies taught you anything new about the opposite sex?
when they come out the door?
Do MRAs believe that all men want to be with the same type?
Should I put her in her place or am i overreacting?
Why are some people against the use of birth-control?
Do you consider suicide always selfish? Why or why not? (Out of interest only!!!)?
How can I let people get close to me?
how do i get over being nervous?
How many people believe in evolution?
Does one need a traditional relationship where the woman must \submit\ for it to last?
Expectations are too high?
Has it occurred to anyone that?
Women do you prefer conservative men, Liberal men, or Traditonal men?
Should people in a relationship know each other's passwords?
&#00000032; Why am I alive still?
Did I have a normal childhood?
I had a creepy dream last night and need help with what it could mean?
Gender Studies - If a mother has to \submit\ to a father in a traditional relationship and?
Do most men like short women?
who is me? alone if you does not know.?
Coworker always staring?
How do I get rid of this sadness ?
Why do I enjoy losing money to attractive women?
Should I get a psychological evaluation done?
hi, i m 20 and while i was 14 i used to make out and stuff like u know...soon after we got.......?
Does anyone else ever masturbate when they're angry?
Why do I like being used and treated like garbage?
im extremely ugly and depressed and suicidal?
Why did Beethoven say \Music is a higher revelation than all wisdom and philosophy\?
What causes insecurity?
What causes insecurity?
What do men need from women (opinions and personal thoughts please)?
That's my baby, but it's not?
Why are more feminine women likely to be attracted to prettier men?
How can i get over this regret?? Please help me?
Coworker stares but is in a relationship?
how likely do abused children grow up to be abusers?
Is it rude to listen to other people's conversations?
More detail down there.?
GS: What do traditional men mean when they say they want their wife to \submit\ to them?
Why do I have so many nightmares?
What mental illness do I have that makes me write/hallucinate all the time?
I went to this therapist and she stated that I had a schizoid thought disorder?
Which is better for men? Clean shaven, goatee, trimmed beard, or etc?
how come when a man wants to sleep with a woman its ok but when a woman wants a man people think its wrong?
What websites or online forums can rape survivors go to for peer support?
If you were being r@ped, would you look at the person while he did it?
Aimless and directionless.?
Do some confuse control with love?
I think theres a problem with my mental health?
Am I obsessive compulsive?
I think I know better?
I'm a little upset, I feel that life has usurped my potential and subsequently my parents are a$$-holes?
How come everyone is stupid?
what causes opinion in music?
Is alcoholism an illness or a bad habit by choice?
Don't you find it sad that...?
Economics help pls..?
Do I have a condition?
What category does intro to archaeology fall under?
Suggestions for a mexican american cultural artifacts?
Do alcoholics often get an urge to binge because of boredom?
How does my cousin feel about me?
How do you live with a pessimist?
What book should I buy to tell me everything about humans personality wise?
What is wrong with me?
what are you capable of doing on lsd?
I have trouble processing thoughts..?
is this normal dreaming?
Is it ok for a guy to let his girlfriend or wife cheat on him?
Is my friend a sociopath, should I stay away?
Men, do you prefer ectomorph/endomorph women?
How do I become mentally stronger?
Can anyone help me with my personality?
Becoming a social worker?
Girl wants me now that i dont want her..why?
Do you believe if you have a gut feeling, it is normally true?
Why are men not suppose to be skinny?
do expansionary monetary policies lower interest rates and increase demand?
Are girls in there 30s more attract to men in their early 20's?
Why is it that guys who have no chance with me are eager to straight up ask me out?
is there something wrong with me?
How to control emotions? it is possible?
What are different ways I can get my biology professor to sleep with me without being obvious about it?
Anyone else annoyed with that guy that posts like \C@ll G1RLS IN CHaNDiGraH\ Or whatever it is?
Did you know creationist have fully debunked the evolution lie?
if idolatry in hiphop rap icons is based on greeks of ancient rome, what is the female concept formed on?
Do most women dislike seeing man-parts?
need help. long but please read?
What psychological condition would a person like this have?
WHY DO PEOPLE NOT UNDERSTAND THE PSYCHOLOGICAL ASPECTS OF RAPE TRAUMA?
i don't find anyone attractive. why?
I CANNOT STAND NOSE BREATHING NOISES!!! HELP!?
Will toxic people continue to negatively affect you even after you recognize their behaviour?
I'm depressed, I even feel suicidal... please help?
How many people end their lives because of financial reasons. just ran out of money?
Is there something wrong with me or am I just very introverted?
life sucks and i do not know how to handle it?
Which has a higher socioeconomic status? BMW or Porsche?
is feminism about women hating men or women want to be seen as equal to men?
is feminism about women hating men or women want to be seen as equal to men?
What is so wrong with self-harm?
Are these people two faced or normal?
Should people that aren't parents continue to talk about how to parent children properly?
are coins and currency M1 or M2?
how can i change my personality do i need to go to a therapist to get help with that?
Should women be combat troops?
in order to study mind and behavior,psychology does what?
Why do women think they're always right, as opposed to men?
I act like a child? How do I stop?
whats wrong with women guys..help a young fella out( very long)?
Would you be angry if Disney movies were banned in your country for sexism?
What do you think about mothers that let their 7 year old daughters wear yoga pants and crop tops?
Could this have affected me?
How do i get my social life back together??
Why am i afraid to have Sex again ...?
Do Girls have wet dreams?
Who all deals with Anxiety?
Self harming with no reason?
Why do you think some kids turn out to be well rounded and smart while others turn out to be the opposite?
If the Fed lowered the money supply, what would be a possible problem that would result from this?
Why do people assume things?
I am starting to compare my relationship to other couples?
Why do people assume things?
Why is life better for bullies?
Could someone help me interpret this tarot spread?
Why couldn't I move after closing my eyes?
Should i give up my dreams?
I hate every thing?!?
I'm losing inspiration? 10 points?
Is it fair to treat your daughter differently than your son simply because she can get pregnant?
Why do women have to change their lifestyles for men in relationships?
Do you think parents that let their children have too much freedom end up pregnant and a huge mess?
I have a compulsion to get people to believe things that aren't true?
Do you think its weird if a large man dates a small woman?
How to overcome traumatic experiences of molestation and domestic violence?
Why do some songs that aren't even sad get to me and I cry?
Help with wet dreams! What do they mean?
Is this some kind of OCD?
Do I have mental problems?
I honestly just wish I was dead?
Do women care with like how many women a guy has been with before they start a relationship?
Do you think men are given harsher sentences than women?
What happens when you take more than 14 pass no pass units?
Would you let a 13 year old girl outside passed 8 PM?
witch type of person is more likely to hate western society?
Dreaming about a girl you don't know or ever met?
How do I help a depressed person?
what are the percentages of eye color around the world?
Subliminal Messages & Sex?
What's wrong with me?
Why do MRAs complain about hateful feminists when?
Why do I get so nervous to talk in front of people?
why do people ask impossible to answer qeustion?
what constitution is mostly responsible for issuing currency and maintaining the value of the dollar?
Somebody help me to get Guinness World Record ?
How do so many transgender people manage to stay so strong?
Women - How do you handle being approached by ghetto, relentless men?
Impact of foreign price change. Econ help?
Does this person have histrionic personality disorder?
why do men black feminism for whats their fualt?
why do i keep worrying about this?
Men, would you date a feminist woman or a non-feminist woman?
I'm just feeling so overwhelmed right now?
How would you describe your mood at the moment ?
Is crime a learned behavior in black people or is it genetics?
I need some help, I feel dumb when talking to people and I'm slow when responding?
do girls like guys when they avoid eye contact?
I'm 5\10 and around 165 pounds in US measurements, is that considered average for men in America?
Basic Psychology question, help?
Would you choose to NOT live your life in fear even if it meant being beaten up a few times?
would breakdancing at my school make me cool?
Should I tell my teachers about my anxiety and test anxiety?
Should exposed female breasts be considered a form of nudity?
Why do women lie to themselves and other women?
If you had to go on a date with one of Doctor Who's incarnations, which one would you choose?
Which aspect of your life are you most proud of?
Is being offended a psychological problem?
what is it like to have social anxiety?
i cant get excited about anything, what is wrong with me??
Why do some men get so angry when they're rejected by a woman?
What does it mean to have a meltdown?
Agree or Disagree? compared to all other animals a dogs personality is the Most Similar To A Humans?
Why did I have a dream about killing my dog?
Very scared please please answer!!!!!!?
Why are women so addicted to chocolate?
can a nobody trun into a somebody?
Why can't I be nice to people.?
creepy dream meaning??
Having anxiety over therapist issue… ADVICE!?
Should I join Zonta? This feminist charity organization?
Can I get my Master Dissertation Survey answered by 5 men by tonight?
What's the most offensive comment you've had directed at you, in real life?
How to Hide my emotions?
Do you know how to bake a cake and change a tire?
Can someone please tell me what disorder this is called?
I need good suggestions regarding it?
My GF is dependent on me?
Am I strange teenager?
that thing where you think negatively of someone to justify your own feelings of worthlessness?
Describe the reasons new england was ideal for the development of factories?
Who 's hand would you like to take and walk with?
Why do I have mostly bad memories?
Why is she nervous around me?
feel so isolated help please?
I use my left hand and right hand for different tasks, does that make me ambidextrous?
What psychiatric careers are out there?
why do people like to watch commercials about sex?
How much is 2 peso in us money?
have I lost my mind?!?
Why am i in love with Haruhi Suzumiya?
since the inca lacked a writing system they?
HELP ME. i am DYING INSIDE and DESPERATE over this PROBLEM. i BEG you to HELP. PLS answer. Thanks?
How do I stop hating someone?
Why do people say skinny girls starve themselves when...?
I know that I'm smart.?
Why should I support feminism?
What does this horrific dream signify?
Is it a problem that I don't like being told what to do or being bossed around?
Are men or women more likely to have long drawn conversations with themselves?
Why do people ignore the obvious? Star Wars fans special.?
having a man on lap ?
What the difference between these three concepts ?
Men: do you mind if a female sings around you even if she's not an amazing singer?
In psychology : Is euphoroia related to UFOs?
Can you be a Christian and accept evolution?
Do many modern TV shows romanticise hardcore violence and warp the minds of the impressionable?
What bad things has science brought us?
How can I stop a panic attack in the middle of class?
being stressed at everything and anything. .?
Dreaming of a dog that wouldn't stop pooping and a doctor trying to kill me? Weird dream please help!?
What would be the story line of the Bible book of Genesis?
Having Lustful Dreams of girl in class I \think is beautiful?
Do you think my sister is being shallow?
What annoys you the most about others in life?
I'm home alone and I'm scared?
is it possible for your brain to know something you dont?
Explain the significance of cultural diversity fir sociologists?
definitions of masculinty- sociology?
Why do we need good to win?
are women more ticklish than men?
Would you like to live forever?
how to impress elder girl and make her fall in love with me?
How does sociology play part in political decisions?
my pennies is uncontrollable when I see navel of thamana next movement I start to masterbate how to control it?
What is valuable to you in your life?
y my mom eats my mind so much :((?
Do pastors have the same rules to follow as therapists?
Why do I lust after these type of girls so much?
What does it mean to dream of someone you don't know or ever met?
Is there such a condition, to bot be able to laugh?
why girls hate boys in reasons?
I'm scared of fighting, how do I get over it?
What is it that gives us the belief that we sound great when singing in the shower?
When you are bad..well not real bad..?
is my life worth living and should i give up?
i hate my life !!!!!!!?
Is it true there was massive rape committed by colonizers in North America & Latin America?
what would you do to change the public school sytem?
How do unsee something you saw?
Why does the labor market does not appear in the Walras law?
Why do some people want to hyphenate their last names in marriage?
Are people with Aspergers Syndrome naturally disagreeable?
How can i stop paranoid feelings about classmates, family members and strangers?
Dream about receiving a phone call?
Why is it common vernacular to say that a man got a woman pregnant,?
Similarities and differences between Ethos and Ethics?
how can women sl-ap men with out any problems?
Why do I stay with him? Can he change?
What are the best websites and portals to learn economics?
What are the good things and the bad things that science has brought us?
Embarrassed to be born in 1994?
why do my dreams so boring and stupid?
I am 19 years old and have no idea what I want to do in life!!! HELP!!!?
the meaning of schitzophrina ??
Advice please? :( Am I going crazy?
Would you agree that it's terrible for a man to impregnate a woman and then leave her?
I want to change the way I think?
do you think western society cuases people to be jerks?
How should I react in this situation of life?
Is there any psychological difference between an overly obedient child and a slave?
How much was a dollar worth in the 1940s?
Greatest hero of all time and why? application question?
How are these two \second choice\ scenarios necessarily different?
My brain is telling me to stop........?
Would I be able to get into grad school for my MSW if I've never had an internship as an undergrad?
I am afraid of interviews how to get rid of this fear?
Scared of public speaking, please help?
Women: Do you like your men having healthy hair?
How did you feel after being released from a 72hr psych hold?
Is not choosing someone the same as rejecting him/her?
could my dream be a bad omen?
Economics question please help?
would you kill yourself if you had a nude picture and video of masturbating out ladies?
What role (if any) has feminism played in family law and the family court system?
Life feels so empty, I just feel alone?
Why is not owning a car such a deal-breaker to women?
Why does my wife get paranoid / negativity spells?
How can someone in a homosexual relationship be jealous of their partners opposite sex friend?
Just wondering, if you're too nice to someone, and one day you start being careless what happens to them ?
Does it happen when a parent willingly uses child support in lew of being an active parent?
pros and cons of being a social worker in the uk ?
Why is the balanced budget multiplier equal to 1?
Describe a problem with linking the moon illusion to emmerts law and give a resolution for this problem?
About a dream I had this morning and could it mean anything?
Anyone good at reading body language?
Genders: What is your opinion of sending father to prison for paying too much in child support?
Men, are you ok not being a woman's \first\ choice for a date?
Do people with lying disorders believe what they say?
How the production possibilities frontier can demonstrate the concept of opportunity cost?
Why is it rare for a woman who isn't picked first (date) to actually have an open mind and accept the date?
Will giving birth heal my rape?
is there a way to ensure that when you have kids, you'll only have boys & no girls?
What does this dream mean? Got robbed and shot..?
How do you imagine life without transport and communication?
feel like quitting the managing of an event cause the other person manages better thn me making me feel useles?
Do you believe that this is absurd?
Is this abnormal for a teen (Serious question)?
Why would a person randomly stop being your friend?
How do you make your friend realize how stupid she is?
Many modern universities in Europe began as which of the following?
Emotional intelligence a strategy for success?
I saw a face after waking up?
Sometimes I feel a sudden urge to play Turbo Subs?
I don't know what to do about this friendship anymore?
are you ashamed to be apart of western society?
What's the meaning of this sentence with respect to economics? (prices, equilibrium, supply, demand)?
how to make your subordinate look up to you as a coach and want to become a champ as you expect of him?
What are the main races on Earth?
How do you take your mind off of things that you'd rather not think about?
I dreamt that I was being bitten on my leg by several thin black snakes. What does this dream mean?
what does the moth mean?
Why does my heartbeat increase rapidly when I see this girl?
What was your latest little unexpected delight?
Had a dream a big rabbit was chasing a deer and biting him?
I have an exam tmw, I studied all week but now I'm revising and dont remember almost anything?
What are the challenges before India in development of tourism?
Not able to read life?
How do you stand up to a sadomasochistic psychopath?
What does it mean when a girl calls you a horse?
why do people pardon bad moms just because they got pregnant with the kids?
What do these things in my dream mean?
Am i just unlucky in life?
Dream about being tickled?
Possible jobs with a Law degree and a Abnormal Psychology degree together?
What does my dream mean?
My friend keeps having this dream of a dead baby in murky water any idea what it means?
is it normal to hear external noises in your dreams?
why has it become wrong to trash bad moms but not wrong to trash deadbeat fathers?
Why can't i stop replaying this video??
Why people are so ignorant?
Feminists: Riddle Me This...?
Why do tall men like short women?
When was the last time you had a nightmare?
Is this stalking??? She won't stop. Please answer?
Are Jealousy and Posessiveness the same?
Is there anything that feminists don't blame on men?
So, how is this a patriarchy where men are favored and women are put down?
What do blind by birth see in their dreams?
Were the pantheistic spiritual beliefs of Native Americans challenged by the colonization by the white man?
Dealing with emotionally disturbing dream?
Why do young people have such an impact and influence on society?
Is there anything that anti-feminists don't blame on women and 3rd wave feminism?
i was told by my Professor that the peasant of early London has nothing to eat. Shortage of food in the winter?
Explaination of - “A government with debt denominated in its own currency need never default...''?
Do dreams come true in real life?
Why do I always feel like I am weird and not normal?
Isn't the way men think just amazing?
Are wife beater worn generally by those who deserve to wear them?
How can growth in Chinese society be attributed to the development of neoliberal policies?
Why am I so annoying?
Is this a double standard or is this fair?
little girl in a white dress?
Should we return to the old ways - do not have children unless you are married?
Poll : agree or disagree that there should be an anger management subject in the schools?
How many feminists does it take to screw in a light bulb?
I can't figure what I want to do with my life, what should I do?
Why do women complain about men BUT end up sleeping with them anyways?
I had a bad dream and I can't sleep?
So I'm a total loser about to end it all...?
How do we encourage deadbeat parents to be better parents?
I been having dreams about snakes, alligators and frogs chasing me. Please tell me what it mean?
Any link between my turrets OCD and sexual compulsiveness?
Should women just marry nice guys instead of trying to change men who do not?
I never feel like I can communicate properly?
What does screaming voices plus extreme head pain when you are sleeping mean?
Can I be called Caucasian?
Do good liars have a high level intellect?
My parents earn $200,000 combined a year (100,000 each) is that good wage?
Are there more questions than answers in your life?
Why are India and China so culturally as well as racially diverse even after being so close geographically?
Do you think she was really upset in this video, or it was staged?
Is it bad that I don't view women as inferior yet I don't trust them at work, like female pilots?
For every species on earth,is it necessary to have a dominant gender?
society is failing to understand the plight of depressed students.am i wrong?answerable question. plz answer?
Suicide question....?
why are my lower working class colleagues so religious and traditional minded in wanting to have children?
Is it important for teens to have a social life?
So, what percentage of anti-fems understand the difference between \feminism\....?
which form f monopoly maximizes welfare?
I had a awkward dream?
Explain how income elasticity of demand and cross elasticity of demand can be used to classify different ty?
stock market bubbles and subsequent crashes are examples of market:?
What was one of the strangest things you've done?
Economics/Business Studies help please?
Which concept was central to the ideas of economist Adam Smith?
What evidence or reason do you have to produce to justify the belief?
differentiate tan2x by first principle?
How to deal with the waitress?
what are the key areas in a psychiatric thesaurus?
What does this dream mean?
Has The Roles Changed?
Guy seems afraid of me?
What is social skill? I still cant comprehand?
Why do you think that misogynists outnumber misandrists on-line?
What Does This Dream Mean?
Any Idea how to commit suicide without your body being found ?
How to boost my confidence?
is it weird to pass gas in a public toilet?
Am I in the wrong? Or does she have a point?
why do women defend women only spaces like gyms by using the argument that it is up to the owner?
Is it common for Bipolar Disorder to be misdiagnosed as Borderline Personality Disorder?
Is the Mexican peso backed by the US dollar?
I am so stressed out and depressed. :( I just need someone to talk to so bad please! can u guys email me pls:(?
Do you find jokes about domestic violence funny?
do I officially now have clown phobia?
How after I run and exercise I get even more angry?
Weird and scary dreams what do they mean?
If you dream this, what could it reflect upon?
How can inherited traits be distinguished from learned traits?
Water supply problem....?
True/False If you do not really want to do something you can find all kinds of excuses not to do it?
why am I having really weird dreams?
about to wake up from dreaming?
Why do I want to die? (I'm 15)?
minimum wage rate HELP!?
How do you get rid of the anxiety?
What do you think of this?
to what extent is economic policy determined by ideology and to what extent by the economic interests of those?
What should I do with my life?
What do you think of this?
Am I turning gay? Or is it OCD?
Why do most girls complain?
What do you think about the Women's Emancipation movement in Iran?
if you fall asleep listening to comedy skits or rap music will it make you a funnier person or a better rapper?
is it possible to sort of shut down feelings for a day?
How to deal with a narcissistic adult son?
Can a person feel insecure about everyone else perceiving them as insecure?
If women have better earning capacity and are less likely to be affected by violence?
Why did my gym teacher ask a girl to help me in swimming?
Do you consider it healthy to have wet dreams ,at matured stage like at your early 20's?
If your gf had 140k student loan debt and was makin 104k a year would u still date/ eventually marry her?
Dragon's question: Can a woman withdraw consent in the morning after?
Do people carry a form of currency/energy in their head?
Depressed about my looks?
Is it normal to be infatuated with a woman and be interested in another woman?
Why does the world change just by talking to certain people?
Why do people act as though African American fathers are bad dads and do you agree?
I have suspicions that I'm a sociopath?
Is sexism in the eye of the beholder?
Does Computer Reduce cost? Yes/No (explain both)?
Why Are U.S. Health Care Costs So High?
I don't get turned on by porn why?
i want to get this surgery done have my head put on a giraffe body?
This guy on a dating website has liked 'Bruno Mars' and 'Craig David'. Is he gay by any chance?
How much money would you consider to be rich?
Is it possible to really fall in love in middle age? Say after 50?
Have you had a dream when you were running away from....?
I detest giving presentations in class!?
when was population growth first recognized?
I feel like im being watched?
i dont know who i am?
What is your cure for selfishness?
Why do I have no incentive to do what I like while living with parents?
Are looks important these day because they seem to be.?
What does it mean when god comes to you in you're dream?,?
How can people have sex in the morning? I mean.. without brushing their teeth?
Men: Do you think this suggestion is sexist?
Interpretation for an odd dream?
Why am I scared to die?
Lucid dreaming and OBEs?
What Does This Dream Mean?
I'm exhausted at this point and don't know what to do. what should I do?
Is there something wrong with my GF?
I've been noticing a lot of weird things lately...?
Is the theory of darwen true?
Stressed and Depressed?
Is it possible to have been molested and not remember?
I'm really sad why do I feel so hopeless? Help? sick?
Why don't families take the mothers surname instead of the fathers surname?
Is it normal to feel very hurt when someone says something mean?
Why do I feel like this every single day?
one child policy is the perfect way to solve overpopulation?why indian and western didn't use it??
how would you picture your life if you were asexual ?
How can I support My younger brother to lose weight?
why do I dream of my childhood home?
what might u hesitate before diving into a pool?
What does it mean to have a dream about someone?
What annoys you the most about the opposite gender?
I need help quickly for easy 10 points?
Had a dream of prophet Muhammad (pbuh) last night.?
what is the most attractive/unattractive female/male name in your opinion?
About random sampling...if you know stats, please answer?
Women only what are your thoughts on porn and if you are into it?
What items are included in GDP?
Do men do these things to girls they aren't interested in?
will i get sent to a mental hospital?
How to become angry hot tempered?
will i get sent to a mental hospital?
Save a life, Read and respond.?
What does it mean to be feminine?
If all poor or rich what would be?
Could humans evolve into two different subsets of humans based on intelligence?
have you ever been attracted to a loser ?
Do you think that love is underrated?
Is it true you never get over your first love or true crush ?
are ALL mixed people attractive!?
Is it wrong to be overly sensitive?
Why do guys avoid answering questions?
Is crying and anger is normal?
Am I Crazy for staying with him?
How does it make sense that some couples want to have children but not get married?
What do people mean when they say...?
Hello, what did you do today?
What have you learned about yourself in the last year?
what do you think when you read this about women of these ages..?
I want to help people? Anyone else ever feel the need?
Which one of these point of views do you share, and why?
Economic globalization impact?
IS their a reason i may push people away from my life?
I'm getting suicidal thoughts?
my wife claims to have this problem of more than one personality but it only seems to manifest when she drinks?
Please help I'm terrified!?
Why, do you suppose, would people rather die with a partner than die alone since...?
If the MRAs have a good anti-feminist woman in their life?
How do I tell someone I'm severely depressed?
How can I stop being so nervous around people.?
Nightmare about possessed people killing my family?
How to Procrastinate?
How do I stop/cut down on cutting?
Why are all Teenage Girls the same?
Is \nice guy\ a term of disparagement in real life, or just on GS?
How can a population's growth rate be zero?
Can anybody with real sexual experience tell me what i am doing wrong in life?
Why are people so hard on women who prefer money to men?
what is a good amount of sleep, for an adult?
If someone loves or likes you, can you tell it from their eyes?
do quiet, hated and socailly isolated kids/teens lead to quiet adults?
what am i doing wrong?
After so much suffering and neglect I've experienced growing up, who am I to allow another human to...?
Do men and women both put pressure on themselves to get married?
Men, do you prefer Asian women over any other race of women?
Should I see a professional? I think it's PRETTY serious :/?
are men the real preys in the dating scene?
what is a population?
Why does she hate me 10 points ?
Why do people have something against me because I am sensitive?
I seen my grandpa in my dream and he has been dead since 1999 what does that mean?
After an attempted suicide, what do the doctors ask you? Like to decide if you should be held longer or not?
what's a woman's definition of a \nice man\?
What is your opinion on those claiming they know what you like?
i can't figure out how i need te live normal with aspergers syndrome?
How do you make friends at 40 if you are single with no kids?
Why do males make up the extremes of every spectrum?
Which interferes with sexual desire more: physical, mental or \spiritual\ fatigue?
Do you think that female prison r@p3 occurs and if so, do you think that it's as common as in male prisons?
People's voices and presence inside my head?
Please help , encouraging words? Did I fail?
How can I be better focused? And procrastinate less?
This woman is dangerously turning me on but why?
What artifact can represnt the word silence???
Should I say it's an emergency?
why a light bulb will not light up in an open cirauit?
Why do SOME think that it is worse - a greater wrong - to behave unethically toward ...?
Somebody please read this and help me. I'm begging you.?
Is morality in the eye of the beholder?
Why are dimes smaller than pennies when they are worth more?
Have you ever had one of your siblings behave unethically toward one of your parents?
when will apollo progam coming back?
I'm so freaking tired, and I have to study for a test tomorrow. The words are not processing into my mind.?
Why do men complain that women are hard to get but then sl*t shame?
Are modern men becoming extremely feminine?
If a person has a schizoid personality disorder, would they be interested in playing sports, like boxing?
is it wrong for a single guy to talk to a married woman?
Does abstaining from sex or masturbation lower a man's testosterone and alter his personality?
Whats the difference between a normal person's brain and a person with an IQ of 200?
I keep having this dream. What's going on?
Why do girls play mind trick with guys they liKe?
I am quiet in school but outside i am loud and very talkitvie?
what happened to the money during the Great Depression of 1929?
what is the affirmative tu command for buscar?
Why do I see more men at the gym than women?
What are some things women are reluctant to reveal about themselves to their men?
Are there some parts you wont play?
Becoming a game warden?
Dream interpretation?
who are the most famous queens?
Econ problem incomes rising in US effect on demand?
How should I introduce my new football coach to the school?
what is marginal benefit?
why did I subconsciously dream that I was having sex?
Why I don't think things through?
Equilibrium in the foreign exchange market. Econ problem?
I have no friends 10 points?
dream about slipping and it feels like ive slipped in real life?
Insecurity and sensitivity going too far?
Psychology: Are Psycho-dynamic & Psycho-analysis the same things?
Is this normal that I like horror movies/horror shows?
How can I control myself?
Why am I so bitter to people =\\?
Would you support government money being used for the tubal ligations of women?
Exchange Rates: Econ problem?
The Euro and its impact?
Saturn v what happen to it?
Do you agree with Candace Cameron about being a submissive wife?
GS: have you ever been abused?
What's the most embarrassing/worse thing that's happened to you?
Why am I getting annoyed with my close friends?
Is it time to end single gender sports in favor of gender-blind coed sports?
Can sexual attraction ever be confused with actual romantic attraction?
Absent father advice?
OCD: Can someone please explain to how OCD effects my brain and why it's causing these terrible thoughts?
Do you think i have anger problems, bipolar dis. or other?
Marginal Revenue increase in graph?
I don't want to go to another psychiatrist, but I don't want to become an alcoholic. What do I do?
Why do people laugh at me when I say or do something?
How can you tell if a guy is ready to settle down?
If you've achieved everything you've wanted to achieve, is suicide acceptable?
Your thoughts of a his and her broomstick section? How about a his and her kitchen cupboard? :D?
I'm having suicidal thoughts?
Guys, what if you found out she was a virgin?
What are two factors that contributed to social reform during the age of jackson?
Why do I feel resentful?
I have social anxiety?
I am 21 and doing nothing with my life?
What is the psychopathology of hysteria? And its \psychoanalytic basis\?
If a divorced single mother has to go to jail, what should happen to the kids?
Do guys think of women as children and refuse to take them seriously?
Why do men have more money than women?
What is the importance of sociological imagination?
Whats my personality?
is it normal to feel ugly at just 22?
Is it healthy to desire solitude?
Do I have society Anxiety?
What is calling a suicide hotline like?
Should breast-feeding babies be jailed with the mother?
Was I abused in therapy?
Weird strange dreams what could they mean...?
Do you know any “manly” guys who prefer to be friends with females?
Can stress/anxiety cause you to not be able to finish pooping leaving your rectum feeling tight/full?
What do you think this dream means?
why you humans are you so primitives with your weapons. Us E.T have our paralyzed ray?
Can chaging the shape of your nose in face reading change your life?
Why do so many of the 'seductive' facial expressions women make in media look so aloof & disinterested?
If being concensual doesn't make gay sex a morally acceptable activity than what does?
Does our favorite color (hue) say who we are, personality wise?
What is harder for you Falling Asleep or Waking Up when you are in Bed ?
Voice repeated what I say and did?
Why do girls love prom so much?
900000 Turkish lira how many dollar?
Are you your authentic self or did you create yourself as you are now?
What subjects should I choose to do psychology/therapist?
What is the difference between being attracted to someone and sexual attracted?
where's a good place to have sex?
Psychologists: is it possible some people believe sexual preference is \a choice\ because for them,?
Why do people suggest that if someone is better off than they are(money wise) that they must be a pill popper?
OCD HELP THANKS! Advice would be great!!?
Why do I hate the woman that prtended to be my \mom\?
what is neurotransmitter? can someone explain me in a simple way? xD?
i don't want to live any more?
What kind of questions would I be asked for my uni interview for social work?
why do I always have bad sleep and weird dreams?
How many people with social anxiety have siblings?
What do real feminists think of Rebecca Watson?
Question about Teenagers post-war II society?
I had a dream about this girl I don't talk to?
My ex's brother flushed my head down the toilet?
Do you think it's right to punish young women with acid attacks?
I had a dream that I killed myself?
I had a dream that I killed myself?
I had a dream that I killed myself?
I had a dream that I killed myself?
how do i know that my life sucks ?
What are feminism-related topics you could use for a persuasive essay?
Does me being sensitive to yelling have something to do with my self esteem?
How to stop self harming?
Seriously Speaking: How do I block/push my mother out of my life?
Economics/Business Studies help please?
it's difficult for an italian guy search job in South Korea?
why are courts so easy on female abusers,pedophiles and murderers?
How do you all see your dreams, and is mine typical?
How often have you heard this happen?
whats is the difference between sociological theory and theoretical base?
Is this normal for a teenager?
Good distractions for a cutter??
Does this mean she's a psychopath?
Were does she want me to go and why?
I'm stressed & tired?
Feisty comebacks to being called a 'b****'?
Are humans getting weaker each generation?
URGENT really need some advice?
my parents wont support my dreams and argues with me all the time?
Suicidal thoughts please help?
Poll: What are pros and cons of having Asperger's?
Why aren't women who hurt men considered \misandrists\?
OCD question involing unwanted sexual thoughts?
Is Anita Sarkeesian and feminist frequency representative of modern feminism?
Do people that you love or are attracted to have a more distinct smell?
How To Stop Worrying About Others In A Race?
Whywon't society give ex offenders a 2nd chance?
Can anyone help me to find out how i can stabilize my \Celestron PowerSeeker AZ 50\?
What are examples of social welfare?
Are two dollar bills rare?
Will social services take my baby because of my age&past?
Do you ever feel this way?
Women, would you feel uncomfortable if a burly man with a rugged beard walked in the women's restroom..?
I have been put off sex completely after this incident, what can i do?
Where can I find research on women in slavery?
Is human civilization going to have a downfall soon? Are we in our \End times\?
why is it sexist to help men?
help with chem homework!?
Are these really the most 'misandric' songs?
During your life, have you ever changed the way you think?
Is \naturally beautiful\ synonymous with ugly?
Failed Suicide attempts and effect on the body?
Dream interpretation Please?
Scared by tv show...?
What is this all about ?
Examples of statistics?
How come men seem more willing to go to jail than women?
Why do some rapists think that they are better than child rapists?
why were women accused of witchcrafts 1600th?
What does it mean when you have a dream of someone and they say they love you?
Gender Studies - When you know a user here, do you predict an answer from previous answers?
I cant deal with my depression anymore?
How do I become more sociable when I have a low self-esteem?
I Really Don't Want to Be Here Anymore. How Do I Escape Permanently by Using My Mind?
Okay what is up with these people comparing Jahi McMath to Terry Schaivo?
What is the point of a secret society?
How come I'm so stupid?
Careers for a Synesthete? What About a Photographic Memory?
Don't find love. Let love find you...?
3 positive possible benefits of self-employment?
How Many Chromosones Does A Rosed Hair Teranchula Inquire?
Does this advertisement use the woman as a bait?
Most imaginitive superpower?
I laugh when I want to cry.?
How do you get out of a self pity phase?
I need to help for improving of my personality?
Sadness over everything?
i had a dream that i was cheating on my girlfriend????
I'm torn between living off the land or becoming a social worker?
Who is at fault in these types of situations?
Why did the output gap decrease in the recession?
Are there people who simply cannot forgive?
Is it possible for a man to be a brony but be super manly at the same time?
Mans awkward behaviour?
What did you do with your B.A. in anthropology?
Why is dream interpretation apart of the social sciences catagory?
Should the way teenage boys treat teenage girls be excused because boys will be boys?
Why do we believe that somethings are too good to be true?
I keep having strange dreams?
Why are people irragant and dumb?
What does my dream mean?
Mans awkward behaviour?
can men easily over power me?
i feel weak and tired when i leave the house?
Whay should i do i need help?
Dream interpretation of certain berries?
why people say MRA are sexist but feminist are non sexist?
Does anyone know if there's any career path in labor and delivery filed with a BA in Psychology?
Question for male victims of sexual or physical abuse? (serious question please answer)?
What challenges does a male victim of r*p* face, compared to a female victim of r*p*?
Do male victims of domestic violence tend to be poor and unemployed and stay in DV situations?
Is it weird that I no longer go outside - I mean, I have no problem strolling down the street, but...?
What kind of person becomes a con man?
Why do people think feminism is something bad?
Do DNA tests tell you what race/ethnicity you are?
Think of lovely wonderful thoughts?
Why don't I care about death?
Nightmare Interpretation?
Someone talking to me in my dream? I've never met them?
Why do some people hate optimistic people?
what does it mean when you dream of a friend killing another person you knew but is already dead?
I am a psychopath, and I have a problem... Please help?
How to deal with being ignored all your life.?
What is the difference between a male victim of domestic violence and a female?
Pleaseee help me figure out why he did this?
Why is it that a beautiful woman has many types of suitors yet feels insecure when abusive, unemployed,?
Where is the oldest human population in the world?
Is Anxiety easier to get rid of if it's not genetic?
If someone was born without the ability to see and hear, what would their thoughts be like?
Discuss the impact of feminist approaches on geographical research?
Where is the oldest human population in the world?
Nothing else is as secure as the death; what else, for you is most secure in life?
Dream about being shot?
Depressed and stressed because of school?
Why do I always want people I can't have?
I just got done work. I can't tell you why but I just squatted and pooped in the shower. Am I ok?
My daughter dream leaves me devastated, confused, angry, and scared?
Have you ever experienced a point in your life where you were resentful toward everything?
My gf and I are having trouble. How do I fix this?
Do illiteracy which is caused to inefficiency and ignorance of people ??
what does this mean any advice?
How should I begin my farewell speech (if I decide to leave my school)?
Why do people who train MMA say they do it to learn \self-defence\?
why do most guys feel girls cant lead a spinster life....?
If I become a psychologist, will I be able to work in an asylum?
Is this an example of feminism in the media?
Recurring dream of home invasion?
qA = 100 – 2pA qB = 80 – 4pB mc=10 what is the price of Pa and Pb?
Do you like it when guys walk so cool through an airport like this?
One psychology question! Please help!?
Please give me your best childhood memory?
What does this dream mean - very freaky?
What can I do with my major and concentration?
Can I heat a pop tart by cooking it on a stove-top pan?
How can psychologists tell a lazy person apart from a depressed one?
Might it offend a woman if a guy she's dating insists on using a condom, emphasizing how terrible...?
What does globalization mean?
For a short story, how do you think a extremely suicidal depressed teen would react to involuntary treatment?
I use to be a wild child/jerk, now I'm agreeable?
please give me your best childhood memory?
What does my dream mean? (WARNING: It's long)?
Am I being haunted at school?
Does anyone else have this wierd grudge against their ex?
In the same way some people guilt others for money, jobs, why do some try to guilt/pressure others into dating?
Is it possible to feel pain in dteams and how?
My life is doomed :(?
I AM UNABLE TO LOVE/HAVE SYMPATHY TOWARDS PEOPLE?
Why can't I trust the police when they grabbed me (im 15)?
how can i forgive myself ? it's really stupid, but yeah.?
Religion in the 16th Century?
Cant stop faking someone!!?
Battle of the sexes question who drinks more occasionally?
Why is the lack of a car such a deal-breaker to women?
Can someone explain my dream?
Ex-hipsters: Did you have a moment when you realized how pretentious hipsters are?
is it abnormal to be slightly distressed by a dead mouse' \facial features\?
is it me or American girls are much harder to flirt with than Europeans?
how can i stop feeling so insecure about myself?
How to I become more confident in myself ?
I have started using my left hand to write.Would this increase my intelligence?
Attractive, but not attractive?
Help with my depression over lost object?
how often do you hear about someone you know killing themselves?
What is the major difference between competition among men and among women.?
Gs: If a guy has zero desire to \penetrate\ would you consider him asexual?
I'm always a good guy, but I generally don't care about women... but they still want me!?
Does a 2 y/o benefit from listening to classical music as far as intellectuality?
Why is it so embedded in our culture to over analyse our crush/love interest?
what are the weirdest dreams ever you had for a month now?
What is more troublesome, anxiety of future scratches on the mind?
why did white people force their presence on the wolrd?
Does this mean to have an inflated ego?
Stealing money in a dream meaning?
Vegan? Feminism? Politics!?
Different from my peers, am I alone on this?
It's quite sad to realize that your ex of 1 year never loved you the same way you did, very sad indeed.?
Even though I feel so lonely in college with no friend and sitting alone?
How to change facial structure?
Can anybody tell me why did sociology emerge in the 19th century?
Why do I feel stressed?
when i forget my thoughts i become very anxious, can anyone help?
What are the Possible factors that may affect the 3 parts of the definition of memory?
Do women need to feel 'worshipped' to remain attracted to their male partners?
What would life have been like if Native Americans were sent to Africa instead?
Is there an actual boy named Ben who drowned?
Aren't women a minority?
What physical features to Scandinavian's have?
so it's true that all men cheat?
I talk to myself and answer?
what was the meaning of this dream?
Cant stop being upset and crying over someone?
why do people find women with blonde hiar attractive?
Uhm... the meaning of \self worth\?
The more I work on improving myself, the more 'insecure' dreams I have. Is this normal?
had dream I was raped?
Do you count the people you've given o.ral to in your numbers or just the people you've slept with?
So I applied to study Psychology but jobs wise it's a crappy choice.... HELP!!! Midlife crisis at 17!!!?
I need feminism because?
what race has the most out spoken women?
Why do some people start hearing voices that tell them to kill themselves?
Dreaming of Being Raped?
Do I have social anxiety disorder?
The rich stay rich the poor stay poor?
How can I know my future life.?
Would it make you feel suicidal if?
My sister caught my masturbating & now it's SUPER awkward? Please Help!?
I keep having these two reoccurring dreams?
Why are humans' family values diluting in the West?
what does having a picture of someone you currently like in a dream?
what are some qualitative social research examples?
Why am I getting angry ?
Why was my question reported?
What Are The significant of liquor in the hospitaity and Tourism Industry?
How to be confident when presenting?
What makes a person interesting?
how big of a role does media play in your life?
I've heard it said that (this is a right and wrong) type of question read for details?
is it normal to feel actual pain in dreams?
I had a dream that keeps on repeating, what does that mean?
Why do I keep dreaming about getting my older sister pregnant?
another strange dream that ended w/ running but i never made it to a destination? what does it mean?
What does this dream mean?
what do lizards in dreams mean?
Is my desire to fight abnormal?
Are people less able to cope today than say 10 years ago?
did Sigmund Freud engineer the your mom joke?
Are there differences in statutory rape laws and their award of punishments?
What is economic.explain the law of demand?
Was I violated in this situation?
Why should I keep living?
What if, apes evolved from us?
why do people rock back and forth?
Does everyone contribute to bullying?
what % of women are actually against feminism?
Exactly, what is this song about and how does it relate to sexism?
I had a really scary dream last night? Hole in brain? Hauntings... etc?
Had a dream about my crush?
is it weird to have a dream about almost getting raped?
Why is eating a catalyst for crying?
dream interpretation help?
My social anxiety issues?
Why are beautiful men insecure and have underdeveloped sense of self-worth?
I sleep to avoid my problems?
why cant we photograph a friends wife - she was wearing a burqa..?
Will this push him further away?
Does a law that forces women to wear decent clothes,restricts the rights of women?
Why do guys like spend more time in Gender Studies than girls?
I had a dream I had long curly black hair, what does it mean? I'm muslim?
Dream Interpretation.. DREAM INTERPRETATION?
Dream Interpretation.. DREAM INTERPRETATION?
Why do I feel like people can sense my thoughts?
what is the importance of hypnotherapy?
What does my narwhal dream mean?
Boyfriend waking up in middle of night and seeing things?
Im sad...I hate being ignored?
Easy Clicker questions to ask the class. Please and thanks.?
What is 'Natural rate'?
Are Sikhs of the Shudra heritage?
What is the name of the movement that fights for fairness for both genders (feminism is for women only)?
Can someone help me!?
Why are conspiracy theorists claiming the outbreak of WW3?
Use of peacock feathers in a dargah?
Do you think incest is a taboo, or will be a taboo, of the past?
If a woman rapes a man and she becomes pregnant, does he still have to pay child support?
How do I get in touch with my emotions?
seems i give great advice ..yet my life sucks.?
Can someone with psychosis have hallucinations of the sense of touch?
Are you confident about your body?
What do You get regularly stereotyped as?
Is it justifiable for me to get upset at this?
what happened to me? help!?
Does my life sucks ?!?
URGENT HELP PLS ......................................................................................?
What is your opinion on first female law firm opens in Saudia Arabia?
At what point would you call the police for a neighbour's domestic disturbance?
Please help... Life issues?
I have a serious internet addiction problem...is it possible? Ironic to ask here...?
where to find online couples counseling?
I listen to the same song *literally* on repeat all day...or even multiple days and it keeps me up at night?
Do fat people have bigger brain than less weighted people?
Should I quit my job?
About women psychology? why do some people confuse submission with abuse?
Compose an essay that comments on the current state of globalization?
Scared of being exhausted?
Keep Looking at Clock At Same Time?
What to do if you kissed her childhood friend before..?
How do I fix my sleeping habits and get back into school mode?
If you are born blind do you still form images in your dreams?
How to know if a Narcissit wants you back?
Can't stop visualizing heated arguements in my head with negative people?
AT MY WITSEND!!! My Friend needs help...?
Sleep Paralysis? Demons?
Im so conceited and can't help it. .?
I know this may seem like a weird question but, why do I hate lazy people and laziness so much?
Did Mao Zedong match the symptoms of a Sociopath?
Given that domestic violence services cannot meet the demand for shelters for women,?
What is the impact of title IX legislation on the education system?
I was wondering how you can differentiate one learning disorder from another?
I feel like i lost my manhood, i have nothing to live for , please help?
Overcoming Fear of Fate?
Do you think the angry person always loses?
Does my Narcissit want me back? If not, what?
recent boost of confidence but....?
i cant stop thinking about negative things?
how do you remember what someone said? how do you get good at it?
how to be happy as an adult, I don't get it?
Would Legalizing Marijuana in the United States help the economy?
Is there a term for when someone either consciously or subconsciously?
Recent break up, feeling numb?
Do you think this kid deserved to get suspended?
What's wrong with me?
dating based on looks?
Why I am feeling so depressed?
Traits you were born with?
obsession with watching other peoples facial expressions and hand movements?
How do you think so abstractly?
In what country women dress the best?
I used chatroullete naked and now I'm scared?
How to I start believing myself and be more confident?
was it a nightmare or did it really happen?
What does my dream mean?
was it a nightmare or did it really happen?
Why do antidepressants induce dreams ?
Why do antidepressants induce dreams ?
On what criteria does a goverment assist domestic violence victims ?
um. A little help with my dream?
People Ignoring Me When I Don't Dominate Them?
Should i give up on my best friend ? help me i m dying inside...?
Why I am being blamed among all my frnds?
please help.....recovering from past trauma?
Is my teacher lying to me?
Do u think my ex roommate was crazy?
How might a charming sociopath act like?
Poll: Are you a feminism supporter, an ACTUAL feminist activist, MRM supporter, an ACTUAL MRA or neutral?
what numbers of people are turned away by crisis services - what and where are the shortfalls?
how do you give your trust to someone?
explain the significance of studying pedology to modern economic activities?
Why do I get self self conscious when someone adds me on Facebook?
Why am I being a emotional punching bag?
Talking about yourself in third person?
How to get over hostility and trust issues?
Why i think circumcision is equivalent to assault and mutilation ( all open thought conversation).?
Have you ever heard any crime besides rape in which people say \teach men not to -----\?
What is this? What are we doing? Friends with benefits?
What is this? What are we doing? Friends with benefits?
Help, what should I do?
Which country has the most dominate women ?
claustrophobic dreams?
Help. I don't know what to do any more.?
Help, i just don't know what to do anymore.?
What does his dream mean?
What does his dream mean?
How do I beat my fear of public speaking?
Why cant a female filmstar/singer/dancer or any female celebrity can't be kissed by her fans?
Help, I just don't know what to do any more.?
Why do a lot of people give poor advice on here?
As agric economics student, is it possible for me to have my M.sc in industrial economics?
Who has greater influence on a child during middle childhood a loving parent or a good friend ? Why?
Do women have to do everything?
What Sort of Woman Do You Envision When You Hear the Name Boa?
should you listen to personal insults points of view when some is affected by alcohol?
how is katy perry styled in this image?
is this normal for my age? -URGENT-?
How can I stop stuttering?
what is the possible consequence of extreme depression in an adolescent and state why this happens?
Is the Ainu are ''native japanese'', where did the other japanese people come from?
Now why am I feeling weard when I am feeling normal?
A person's true character comes out in an argument?
I do not have any friends... yet i push individuals away from me?
Why, do you suppose, did mainstream feminists try to prevent DV shelters for men?
Why would someone want to be a Health Administrator?
I feel discouraged .. how do i motivate myself during difficult times?
Why am I socially awkward only around family?
Do men keep a diary? or is that just for women?
feeling sad with my life, life advice?
how would someone go about setting up DV shelters for men?
Why is it so hard for me to get rid of this rebellious part of me and become more of a coward?
Is there a \gender symmetry\ in domestic violence?
How to break out of my shyness?
Why it is so difficult to understand viewpoint of a person you are interacting with?
Suicide survivors: Was the attempt scary?
How can male victims of rape get justice with an attitude like this?
importance of festivals?
Why do fundies believe evolution is atheistic dogma when the vast majority of evolutionists arent atheists?
how can i extract nicotine from tobacco?
I had a strange dream with a river?
What is a cross cultural conversation?
Is it really possible to become super hyper observant?
I have to write about how humans and their environment interact.?
7- What is a major motivating force of corporate management?
Sexually abused as a child. I need help.?
Flashes of life in my dreams come true and I know how I'll die?
What's it called when you're constantly nervous & worried?
What is it actually like to stay at a domestic violence shelter for women?
How do I overcome my fear of getting my girlfriend pregnant?
Who/what typically funds domestic violence shelters?
Where do you go when you are lost in your thoughts?
Why live? When everything feels like it's going wrong?
Interesting question about men and women?
Can an abuser genuinely be sorry for their actions and change?
Is it common for the brain to block memories?
How can you survive in this world as a quiet girl?
Ok I lost some friends on friday?
I'm 26 years older women do I am so old :(?
For women, are your ears pierced?
why western civilization leads a common person to just physical happyness ?
My girlfriend keeps on having dreams about having sex with me.?
What is the point of a domestic violence shelter if it offers no protection?
For men, Were you circumcised and do you like being circumcised?
Men: Describe your idea of an \alpha female\?
Is it possible for a radical feminist and a radical chauvinist to fall in love?
What are different jobs you can get with a Bachelors in psychology?
Men seem to compliment my muscles a lot?
Is the US heading towards a dark age revolution?
dreaming about a Marine?
Why yogi do not eat onions and garlic?
Why do I love animals but have no feelings at all for people?
Can people literally see red when they are angry?
I have a Voice in my head ?
Why should a domestic shelter be able to allow the?
can a pregnant women be put on house arrest?
what does this dream mean ?
Why am I always so tired?
HELP with this Bad dream please read thx?
I had a dream and now im uncomfortable?
Help. I'm 13 and I feel empty and sick inside for love.?
Preventing procrastination over the holidays?
On the subject of evolution and transitional fossils...?
What Native American tribes lived in current day Northern Panhandle of West Virginia.?
Is it possible to not be able to fall in love?
Do you think that women are usually a lot more hygienic than men?
How does a PTSD victim behave after being triggered?
I have been having suicidal thoughts...what should I do?
Should the U.S. build a male domestic violence shelter?
Can this be classified as women feminist racism and sexism?
How to quit smoking weed?
Why is everyone suddenly staring at me?
Dreams about hurting babies?
Help On Lucid Dreaming?
When you date a person of a different ethnicity do you...?
are white women generally more outspoken?
Is it selfish for a woman to?
Why do many canadian performers pursue their careers in the U.S.?
What is your idea of the perfect woman?
When to give up on a person and a situation?
Do women want to be treated as equal in the work place?
What would be the worst profession for your life partner to be?
Do adults realize that school is torture?
Men personally, have you ever been oppressed or discriminated against because you are a men?
What if you were waiting for someone w/ a cup of water and someone put money in the cup?
I have Necro/Thanato Phobia.. im tired of the answers:just enjoy life blah blah?
Am I a good person based on my intelligence ?
Ladies, how would you respond here?
What courses would I have to take in grade 11 and 12 to become a sport psychology?
Questions about psychiatric hospitals and Agoraphobia?
why do i keep dreaming about losing teeth ?
My stomach actually looks more flat after I eat a lot?
What's the point of catcalling at women?
why is it that i look in the mirror and see ugly but everybody calls me beautiful?
Whats going on with me? Almost but didnt suicide?
I'm thinking bout how to find my \inner why\?
Is this normal to flinch to?
Why do female-users get so many hateful messages?
is it normal for my mind to believe my grandad hadn't just passed away and is still here?
I haven't been feeling like doing anything lately?
I want to die I don't know what to do?
Why do I not always believe people?
Have you ever felt lonely due to impending loss?
Why are clothing sizes in the US so big?
what does this strange dream mean?
What do YOU think? Am I physic or is it my intuition?
HELP! I don't know how to be myself and I can't stop copying from others?
Thinking about suicide?
Is it normal to have mood swings at random moments?
Would you feel guilty about this?
Am I ugly? i want to die...?
What type of mental condition is this?
Do you believe someone be born in the wrong body?
Does one gender demanding something less than the other mean that gender should be denied all access?
What (not overly expensive) presents do males want for birthdays and Valentine day?
Am I insane or just normal?
Which of the following is not one of the standard arguments for restricting imports?
Are you going to have a date for Valentines Day this year?
Why do they say that women need 2,000 calories a day?
how did culture develop in the early or neo evolutionary theory?
What does it mean to dream i was trying to save my family from a black spider?
Is sexual desire like hunger?
Why do some people refuse to apologize when they're in the wrong..?
I need help with my social isolation.?
what is your bigget concern /worry in life?
Is it safe to say that men only claim to want equality now because they can no longer have supremacy?
activities that show the effects music has on a person?
Examples of Classism?
Had a weird dream, anyone see what its about?
Nightmares for 8 Years...? Why?
I'm Gay 19 and feel lonely :(?
How to forget boyfriend and focus on school?
If I want to meet a Psychologist or Psychatrist, should I do it through the GP? If not, how?
True/False: You can only fail when you stop?
economics question please needed fast?
What can you do with a Religion and Cultural Studies degree?
How to not worry a lot?
Are animals and species related via common ancestry?
What color are my eyes?
How do I dream of what I want to dream of?
Why do you think the divorce rate is so high and the value of marriage is so low in America?
i keep having dreams where the ground is crumbling where ever i walk?
Describe someone who is not able to stand up for themselves?
I get harassed at school why?
Do you dream about somebody if they are thinking of you?
What does it mean for someone to dream that you were pregnant?
Am I authistic? I just made a lots of enemies in the office.?
A question for mature aged males living in western society?
I keep dreaming about my ex?
Narcissistic sister is aggressively pressuring me to contact her?
Good books and videos on psychology?
What, if any, beliefs do you hold that might be considered \old fashioned\?
Do a lot of people pretend to be Loners?
Do women enjoy emotional-less sex like men do ?
Teen girls: who is your role model and why?
What does this dream mean?
Do I have something wrong with me?
Why am I so scared of tornado like things?
Do anorexic people believe everyone else is lying to them about their appearance?
How long will people have the stigma that women are too weak to commit crimes and harm others?
Why do people win arguments through sympathy, not logic?
IF a woman supposedly hates me, then why does she always sit by me at the bar?
How long will people have the stigma that women are too weak to commit crimes and harm others?
Do you think that being able to work hard is a skill?
Why I feel like lying to people that I have a boyfriend when I don't?
85% of the homeless are male, but no laws are passed to help them. Why not? We have laws to help women when?
Do antidepressants make you happy or emotionally numb?
I had a weird confusing inception dream?
GS: Are you a proud person? How important is it for you to protect your pride?
What is revealed about one who sees beauty in things that others avoid or fear?
How to get over a friend betrayal?
Why is this music making me cry?
Lost my virginity to a prostitute help.?
Is it Asian women who are submissive or White men?
Okay... So I asked out this girl I really like and she said she doesnt knoe and she'll think about it..?
I am now doomed to have a miserable life, how will i ever live with myself?
Does hatred breed more hatred?
Which is the better choice: Go to grad school or start a business?
Who's fault is it for teen pregnancy?
Men who want the right to choose to be a father, what would be fair to do?
If you know ANYTHING about war of the roses click here.?
If you were given $1 million USD and could live in any country you wanted, which one would it be, and why?
Why does my uncle like to beat me up?
Anyone else have a hard time starting or holding a conversation?
GS: Do you pay child support to someone (or receive it)?
Identify a contemporary issue that you believe is most critically in need of global leadership and action.?
What causes some people to take on other's prolems?
Can Dreams Give You Hints Of Whats Going To Happen The Next Day ?
Why are girls either one extreme or the other?
Should I tell my boy friend that my ex texted me?
How did the US feel about Diefenbaker's wheat sales to China?
How do I get over him/ get him to notice me????? (PLEASE HELP ASAP)?
How can I ask someone I barely know a strange question?
why am i surrounded by idiots?
What caused women to have an inferior status throughout history?
How do I grow thick skin (not literatly)?
What is Healthier for a person to have a Vice(s) or Not having a Vice(s)?
Feminists: what would be some signs that society has overcompensated for sexism against women and is now sexis?
Would I be able to get into grad school for my MSW if I've never had an internship as an undergrad?
I want to be independent but I'm afraid to be alone?
Have you ever seen someone go into a really deep trance?
Women ask me \why are you so quiet\ such question makes me feel uncomfortable what should I do?
Are you more judgmental of others when you're insecure or upset with yourself?
Reasons why discrimination is 'bad' ?
What are the effects of unemployment on an individual?
Does anyone know why when you were sleeping, suddenly you awaken by a bang, a loud noise something loud enough?
If a man resents his father for not being around, should you say.....?
I need help with my self-esteem...?
I feel so angry and frustrated all the time!?
Ladies: what are your fav TV shows ?
I can't let go of my childhood HELP ?
Why are the straight people not happy that they are straight? It seems like those who are want to be gay too:(?
Are white race the only race?
Whats the difference between your sex and gender?
Why do I always have the same dream whenever I'm sick?
Do I have social anxiety or am I just shy?
I think My ex was misdiagnosed with Bipolar?
What should happen in this situation?
what group of people is most encouraged to take risks under capitalism?
Anxiety about school?
How can you MEASURE the benefit of the things you own?
What would be an optimum unemployment rate?
Show how a number can be diminishing and positive at the same time?
Primitive people, good or bad?
why is there so much hypocrisy in relationships?
Ladies, if a guy spent a few days glammed up in women's clothing don't you think he would?
Do men want to have children when it is convenient for them?
Do you think I could handle the stress of more schooling(vet or doctor)?
Why do SOME girls say this?
Should there be a system in place to ensure the money from child support is used on the child?
Managerial Economics textbook exercises solutions?
Is there any realistic \opt out\ options for a would-be father as there is for a would-be mother?
What are 2 Centers of Ancient Civilizations in Western Europe?
Reading list for Human Factors?
Why do I always seem to cling to certain people?
Should rapists be allowed to have custody rights?!?
Why is urban sprawl currently an issue if the cost of living is higher than it's ever been?
Why is little to no sympathy given to someone once they reach adulthood?
Im not happy answer my question please?
Is my brain trying to tell me something?
do women have some sort of sense men lack?
Should anyone who says \the past was better\ be subjected to a 40th trimester abortion?
Should a man have to pay child support if he had demanded an abortion, but the woman disagreed & had the child?
is white a race among other questions?
find minimum cost of production for a given level of output,Q* with derivation.?
Feminists can't be serious about this, are they?
How to overcome social anxiety?
How much of a say should the father have in abortion?
What does it mean when you have thoughts that later come true?
Why do guys smile when they check you out sometimes?
Why do I associate nights with anxiety & stress ? (plz help me get better)?
Why do men want a say in abortion legally yet they are the ones to question paternity?
How are Capitalism, Socialism, and Mutualism a like?
Is this a phobia or being paranoid?
What does it mean to have a deceased family member in your dream?
can you answer me a few questions?
Why don't men get as many reproductive rights as women do?
Why do girls prefer to date extroverted guys over introverted ones?
Can I talk to a demons?
Do you think smokers should fight the law to smoke in public places and restaurants?
Is it common for total boyish girls with lotsa male friends to get raped ?
Why is everyone calling me stupid?
Why are women in the old paintings thicker than nowdays?
How can I stop being so sensitive/a crybaby? And so painfully shy?
how to become a therapist/counselor with private practice? (college and career choices)?
can you be happy without friends?
I get anxiety at school?
Please help explain this dream?
What's the evolutionary logic/perspective on social anxiety and shyness?
Do men want women to be body obsessed?
How to gain focus and concentration?
Is it possible to locate the part of the scalp nearest to the part of the brain responsible for anxiety or?
Why did my mom do this when she found out...?
I saw three UFO'S?!?
Are we heading for a better or worse future?.?
someone please help me to lucid dream as many methods as possible any tips and everything!?
Is it a bad idea for an unwed couple to buy a house together?
Reason, logic and rationality?
What is the difference in Bipoar and Schitzophrenia?
Men - At 5ft 6, how much do you think I should weigh?
Why is little to no sympathy given to someone once they reach adulthood?
what would happen to the world if each and every country become developed?
How would you feel after this, if you were her?
Where is safest place to keep money in the event of economic collapse?
What does it mean to dream about being chased by 2 men I don't know?
How can I deal with a show off?
WEIRD dream I need deciphered?! Opinions?
Know your own faults as well as you know other's?
Why do people say I look Half black and Half Asian and sometimes people say I look cape verdean or dominican?
what the hell is happening to me.... someone pls help?
You have learned to put your anger where it belongs?
why am I having a dream of suicide?
Why is plastic surgery more common with women than men?
How to resist my desires of smoking?
how dpes one live a sober life?
Do you practice selflessness comfortably?
Does anyone know when will we see jobs in the UK economy again?
Is it immoral to get married?
Is 37 too young for a facelift?
I had a dream about my dead nanna?
Whats wrong with me? is this part of my depression?
It is so hard for me to pick up on social cues?
Why do all men and all women always do things that always inconvenience the other all the time?
I feel like most middle aged men cant properly take care of themselves?
Can you guys please take this survey?
how can I stop being haunted by my past..?
What does it mean if someone calls you a \snake charmer\?
Am I being too paranoid or is this normal?
Do all intelligent women have a male brain?
What do you think of these slogans to reduce crime?
What would explain a woman being bitter about men without really interacting with them?
Why would it be so bad for the Government to control who can have children?
Why do people denounce one thing whilst uplifting another?
Geometric thinking - does that exist?
why do i feel like this?
I'm fourteen do I have schizophrenia?
About the Patriarchy, can you please explain this?
Are men intimidated by healthy, athletic women?
What is thing women use only one time in life.?
Why isn't there a big push by feminism/women for women to contribute equally to household expenses/savings?
Does anyone else have a phobia of getting old?
Is a dream really a dream when manipulated through some one others senses.?
Strange dream in a dark street?
Do you attract a specific type of person?
I'm panicking about being homesick?
Wht is \out of my league\ based on? Physical or Personality?
Can anyone help interpret my dream of swimming at night?
Women: Do you look for/date men who want to be the head of the household?
Would you marry a woman who wouldn't cook?
How to sharpen our minds (not make, but sharpen)? Are mental exercises successful?
Why are modern Spaniards so racist?
Am I overreacting or is this actually a problem????
Do women feel comfortable about having a male gynecologist?
nightmares about demons?
Crocodile/alligator dreams..?
Am I a psychopath and what do I do?
What does \inability to function\ mean?
i don't know how i feel?
How to stop being aggressive around cute things?
Reacuring dream of infinite sharpness and smoothness.?
Would you trade anything for salt?
How to find out what r u good at. i feel lost and useless unsuccessful woman.. pls help?
Question for Men! What makes a Woman the \Marrying-Kind\?
can someone please PLEASE help me?
Does he like me (confused)?
hi guys i am unable to get a job i have completed my graduation and now i want to commit suicide?
Do people who no show parties or get togethers bother others?
How do you channel, (bring out) in writing feelings usually expressed through tone of voice?
Is there something wrong with me?
Is the slut versus stud rule really an insult to men?
MRAs, are you upset because women aren't housekeeping robots you can also have sex with?
where did the notion that men should be responsible for womens sole choice come from?
what would you do if your greatest talent became inadequate?
is it possible to slap the stupidness out of somebody?
I spend all my time at home?
I think I saw my future husband in a dream. Interpretation please?
What type of woman indian man like?
Do these dreams mean something?
What are some ways for a mommy to teach her son - a potential rapist - not to rape?
My Life has been so bad -Am I a such a bad person. I am looser in academics-sports-drama and music not good in?
Women are you open to the idea of men becoming SAHD(Stay at home dads)?
What are some examples of the positive and negative consequences of society promoting individual freedom?
Why do I smile like this?
hello. I'm curious as to everyone's opinion. what's more important IQ or EQ?
Since when feminism fights for native americans' rights?
Once the meaning of a dream had been depicted, it is still possible to change its fate?
GS: Women, would you choose your career over a man?
difference between a genuinely kind person and a people pleaser?
Are you an aggressive anti-fem or moderate one?
Do black people tend to be stronger physically than black people because of genetics.?
Why do white people tend to be smaller and weaker than black people physically?
If feminists or MRAs truly are for equality - why not go by 'egalitarian'?
How did we discover sex?
can a daily dose of 2 mg xanax for a year make you permanately impotent?
Should parents teach 4-year-old boys that kissing a girl without asking her is \rape\?
What is the major advantage that a weaver enjoys when he sells directly to the customer?
Women - Have you ever used a man just for s3x?
I had a dream I was suffocating?
Which \men's\ websites are feminist propaganda tools?
Which \men's\ websites are feminist propaganda tools?
What's the difference between an anti-feminism and anti-woman?
Women - Have you ever used a man just for his $money$?
How can the Poor exist without the Rich, but not vice versa?
Someone please help me and my mother! She's freaking out. My eyes glowing?!?
Is it really bad that I've stayed awake 3 full days out of this week?
How do I make myself suited to my girlfriend's busy social life?
Do you agree with feminists that women still need to be advantaged in hiring under affirmative action?
is anyone else petrified of dying?
how many people does the average human need in their life?
PLEASE help me to Lucid dream?
My son is describing vivid and violent images he is seeing in his room what should I do?
I need feminism because I don't want to learn to look after myself?
Sexual Oppression Not Easy!?
If you have a youtube channel and make good videos?
help! how do psychiatrists diagnose or determine if one is mad?
interpret my dream? if you can please?
Messing about with the meaning of words?
i am almost 16 but has not developed physically and mentally and i am really stressed about it .?
Would you quit hanging out with someone who was too jealous of you and it scared you?
What are your opinions of this list of traits of potential abusers? Do you agree with them?
What does this dream mean?
why are women so sly when it comes to being \checked out\?
Why don't I want to do anything with my life?
How many heritable characteristics are there in humans?
How bad would it be if I ate fried rice then made myself throw up?
Do you remember your female teachers talking shhit about men?
Should men just expect women to keep slurring against men?
My mum is going crazy at me because she's telling me that there's no jobs for Psychologists!?
Why wont people admit that multiculturalism doesn't work?
what does it mean to have a dream about having a baby boy?
I can't get this stranger out of my head?
Why does this happen when I fall asleep?
Help me I'm really scared?
Is the concept of \testosterone poisoning\ sexist? Why/why not?
Why is it not acceptable for guy to remove leg hair?
i am losing concentration of my brain suddenly?
What does this recurring dream mean?
What does my dream mean, very very detailed & elaborate death?
Why do so many males practice misandry?
what would you do to be happy?
Why are cat calls offensive to some people? I'm sure 99% of men would enjoy the compliment!?
Male ego of a 24 yr old..... Desperate for answers!!!!?
HELP! Why doesn't Bach's Rescue Remedy work for me?
I had a dream about having a baby boy?
Weird Dream? Tips please? :)?
Why does it appear that the women's rights movement only effected white men and not American men of color?
where to look if you seek knowledge of true?
Why do you not want to leave the house when you're depressed?
Do you agree that from a young age men need to be taught to be more responsible?
I want my life to change..?
Whats position of highest population by nation in the world?
How often do you find yourself feeling sad at night?
Did I have a lucid dream?
Does it defeat the purpose of remaining professional, civil w work, schoolmates if they just hit on you?
why am i so insensitive to situations that involve women of sexual or physically abuse?
isn't the currency exchange rate is morally wrong ?
currency exchange rate system .. morally wrong ?
My life is gettin worse?
Is this normal or am I bat-sh*t crazy?
Feminists, pls come in?
Why do I feel like this? (Tired?)?
Has anyone else with shyness found when you blush, face goes red in public people think youre looking at them?
Has anyone else with public phobia, paranoia, etc..found when nervous you turn your head quickly and every?
what can I do to keep myself awake in school!?!?
Straight guys: would you Ever let another guy s---?
Am i over reacting? perfectionism?
I've been a really light sleeper for the past couple of days?
who is the truthful,honest and dare women in India?
What do women think of other women's hair?
When MRAs say that women should?
globalisation is reshaping our lives?
Guy smarter than a woman ?
I'm disgusted with myself?
Really? You need feminism?
why the sky is not dressed in GREEN??
How do I deal with my negative thoughts?
How can i assist in the fight against rape and women abuse?
Can someone explain homosexuality to me?
Is it possible to loose all emotion because someone left you?
Why cant I have sex in my lucid dreams!?
I need feminism because...?
What to do if people around me are always very negative?
What are four things you would change about society today and how would you do it?
Am I suicidal???please help?
why Azeris are 5 - 29% Mongoloid?
any real pschytrist or therapist.....here i need free help...i cant afford...?
My mind is telling me I don't want a future?
Why do so many people see people who wear glasses as unattractive?
First day back from school on 2nd semester. Im freaking out 10 points?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of anemometer...?
I called my sister fat? & now she avoids me? What do I do?
I've been having scary dreams, I need help please?
How do u get a big ego and why?
what happens to children after they have no use in the sex trade?
this is a weird question sorta but ya?
why am I dreaming of a past event that didn't actually happen?
Should this person be taken seriously?
Does he seem keen? Do men forget to contact women after they have been away?
What is the difference between Fixed exchange rate system and Pegged exchange rate? Examples?
What can I do to relax?
At what time of day is this section the busiest?
What does my dream mean?
Can NGO Trustee become a NGO employee?
Conscious sleep walking and night terrors?
Do you accept that from young age a girl should be taught to behave responsible?
Why dont fit in with society?
Weird dream about a dream in a dream?
What led to a series of Turkish and later Mongol migrations westward?
Why does life feel so fast?
Should young girls be referred as 'little ladies'?
what is the difference between a union territory and a state?
I feel I've changed so much - is this normal?
Why is that when I was broke no women want me but now I have average income ,more women are open to me?
Why did I have this dream?
I want to express myself in my writing but I hold back in fear of being judged?
Are you an anti-feminist/MRA because you feel you have underachieved?
Can maturity be learned?
Why do guys distance from their kids when they get in a new relationship?
what is happening/wrong with me?
How to avoid shyness?
What can I do with my sleep deprivation?
Any ideas for Ancient China and Eygpt?
Why am I only determined when it comes to things I do for OTHERS?
Why do I get high after eating sweets?
Could someone give me a bit of advice please?
Is this a website malfunction or something for me to be genuinely concerned about?
What are the differences in decolonisation of india and vietnam?
Where would I be without this woman?
Need a debate against how science has made our lives pleasant and comfortable?
I had a dream that my boyfriend & I were standing next to eachother & his mom who died years ago pulled up in?
Why do men settle with or marry obese women?
Today is one of those nights. Any advice?
Women: I have seen men here refer to women as chicks, broads, wh*res, sl*ts, and bimbos. Yet the women here?
How can I build self-confidence in a week?
What neurological or psychological defect causes people to leave their dogs out barking at 2AM?
How to will myself to do something..?
What does is mean if I dream about being at work, and I cant wake up from the dream?
what does it mean if you dream about falling down grand canyon and being eaten by a dragon on the way down?
If you were 24 would you date a 20 yr old single mom who you got along with and was fun?
Why did this woman say this about me. What made we say that?
why do i keep thinking ive forgotten something?
Why did this random woman say this about me?
Why do women write serial killers love letters in jail?
What is supposed to happen at age 22....?
why's \gossiping\ so fascinating to women?
I don't understand why people get all freak out about the choice of becoming a filmmaker ?
Does Your Upbringing Affect Your Ability To Love Another Person(Completely)?
Im depressed, and I need help?
Are humans that live out of tribes, domesticated animals?
anyone else ever feel like this? why do I feel like this at times?
Why is panempathy valued?
How science has made our lives pleasant and comfortable against topic?
How can I stop having nightmares every night?
What does it mean when I have dreams about my ex-girlfriend?
How am i going to change my life?
How to enjoy the life, Each moment when i am getting bore?
Why dont guys shave their legs, girls actually love it?
Why do I get this feeling? Anyone else?
I am an outcast on my team, what can I do?
How do I eliminate or reduce my nerves from giving a speech in class tomorrow??!?
How many states are in socialism?
do women stick together when it comes to men?
Why do many women want a man to pay for her dinners?
What are your opinions concerning this article?
Why do accomplished women STILL not get the respect they deserve from a lot of men?
very attractive women staying single when they have a career established?
what are the barriers to communication?
Voices in head when we fall asleep?
Problems trusting women?
Can we change a person 'passive aggressiveness'?
Should I become a social worker or a teacher?
i dont know what to do in life?
How does it feel to be \the other woman\ and why do some women seem to enjoy it?
How would you describe your morning breath?
Is this division of finances fair?
Why am I not happy with my life?
Why are people so afraid of love?
Is this separation anxiety?
America: are sociology classes really teaching people to Marxist and anti-white?
How come my friend can't get a girlfriend? All girls hate him even though he is so nice, why?
I am so exhausted at this point, what do I do?
Why do guys change? They seem to want less and less?
I don't hear voices, but I know what they are saying. Help?
Is my classmate a loner?
dreaming about sex with hot girl?
What would you call a dream that was so intence you never forget it?
Why was the zombie genre made?
How to deal with the feeling of guiltiness and fear?
How is a donation of goods recorded in the balance of payments account?
According to the 2010 US Census Bureau, 85% of Asian American children?
I'm horrible at conversation. Can someone help?
It feels like I won't make far in my life?
Why do I get into a daze for about a month go through the motions of life,wake up out of it and?
Do you feel you are one others can confide in and trust that you will keep it to yourself?
Is it too late for me to accomplish my dreams?
once again, what is the difference between circumcision and rape/ mutalation.?
talking to my grandfather is good or not?
I'm having a mental breakdown right now... i need some support.. please help! ):?
Getting chewed out when you do something wrong?
Why is it that I can't cry around people?
Please help. which is not a value of x?
I'm constantly angry and miserable?
how can you emotionally harm yourself?
Is Yahoo Answers addictive to you?
Idk How she feels or what she thinks?
do you now what it is?
For some weird reason, I wish that I was in the hospital to see who would vist me, is this normal?
Multiple choice. WHat is the value of x?
How do I express being nice?
What does it mean if I like to use a lot of emojis and emoticons?
Are you thinking about suicide?
Why am I so conflicted about mathematics?
I shouldnt be worried about how she feels... but i am just wondering how she does feel?
Why am I grossed out by animals (dogs, cats, ect.)?
why is birds flying towards me in my dream?
I've been having lucid dreams? A Prince gave me my first kiss? 5 points!!?
What does my dream mean? (Sleeping in a playhouse)?
how can i stop letting people use me?
Is meanness ever acceptable?
Would you stay with someone who treated you and other close ones very well, but treated everyone else badly?
Why women think like this?
What exactly is the poor's contribution to society?
when do you define someone as a \smart\ person ?
In pure competition..?
What does my dream mean?
I am gay but I want girls?
What do you think of a woman who can't watch a movie with a kill count of less than 100?
What do you think is the greatest advantage of being \you\?
POLL: If you could choose to be anything you want: would you prefer to be a curse in the life of others?
What does my dream want to tell me?
Scared to follow my passion and dreams! Confidence help?
Does anyone want to help me dominate the universe?
Has anyone had a dream like this?
Has anyone had a dream like this?
What happens in a relationship when a woman gets involved in hobbies and making herself happy?
how much money does a man need to earn each month to be considered attractive by a woman ?
Why would a girl tell you she likes to dominated?
POLL: If you could be anything you want: would you choose to be a green with envy Grinch?
Do I have Social Anxiety? PLEASE ANSWER.. Quite urgently need an answer?
Am i really fake? i heard people say Im fake before?
how can love instability lead to psychological instability?
Will there be a shortage of skilled laborers in the United States in the next generation?
Historical data for unemployment in india?
do u beleive u should fight for love or sometimes u should know when to just give up?
What's the luckiest moment you ever had? How did you really feel?
What is a good way to calm down?
What is wrong with me?
Guys, if you met a women that was terribly attractive and very well built...?
How do I believe and motivate myself to accomplish my goals ?
How to protect our mind from marketing and media attacks?
How do you get inspired with plagiarizing?
i dreamed where an elephant comes out of nowhere and chasing me while i am riding a bicycle, on my way to buy?
wats been wrong with me these 2 weeks?
What would happen if...?
How many ancestors does the average person have?
is it normal to think too far ahead?
What are natural rights?
Why did my mom fill my head with dreams?
WHy is murdering people wrong?
What's it mean to use psychology on women my cousin says use it to mess with your girlfriends head?
How to heal a crushed ego?
What is the impact of ASEAN Economic Community 2015 to Home Loan interest rates in the Philippines?
Are there any suicide hotlines ONLINE?
Sometimes the very act of writing can change your thinking?
How to forgive myself for doing horrible things?
How do I get through a painful break up and just forget about the person?
I, like so many other people out there, have to be up in approximately 4-5 hours.?
If I feel a little more romantically attracted to butch-looking women, does that mean I'm romantically gay?
If you really can't get someone off your mind does that mean they are meant to be there?
With women out performing men in school & getting more solid jobs than men...?
Should women be required to register for the draft?
Girls what turn you on ?
Can anyone explain this dream?
The German MARK Currency- how many are familiar with?
how can i stop emotions?
I'm terribly afraid of pool class HELP I have bad anxiety?
how to get a phone and not to have your mom take it to work with her?
Are women so into feminine-looking men because of homosexual tendencies?
how can i survive high school dealing with depression?
So, Gender Studies, do you think men physically stronger than women, if so why?
What does having a dream of an unwanted visitor mean?
Do you think that women should become overweight and then become slim so that their breast remain gigantic?
Is my college going to send me to get a psych eval?!?
Ive lost my emotions and I was just wondering why, it's not really important nothing is im just curious?
i had a dream about a girl i never met...?
Guys: If a girl told you she'd consider sex what would you do & think?
But what happens when karma, turns right around and bites you?
Why are people so keen to remove female stereotypes but..?
Is it ok to be fascinated with Charles Manson?
does efficient frontier exist in the real world?
Can someone let me know their opinion?
Do people who compare themselves to others have a high or low self-esteem?
Ive been diagnosed with a schizoid personality/thought disorder? I'm sorry its long?
Is it possible to give yourself synesthesia?
Why do damaged people impose themselves in your life?
How fast does a person die from a shotgun blow to the chest point blank?
Embarrassed from football?
What do you do when you have little family or nurture in your life?
Which of these 2 branches or Psychology make most money?
Does this person seem intelligent to you?
Do people know the difference between right and correct? Right is with the heart and Correct is with the Brain?
Why do some people like to extinguish a flaming feminist?
I'm 21 and am starting to act like a kid again. I never had a childhood.?
I want to get along, but i have so much anger built up now!?
Can you torture someone t the point of convincing them selves to believe something nonsensical to appease you?
Why must men make an effort to look good, but not look like they're trying to look good?
Is this unhealthy? I don't know why I do it. Any idea why?
Does the Conan Doyle Estate have any control over BBC SHERLOCK?
Trying t stop self harming?
death dream please answer?
I can't get myself to do the most urgent things even when I'm about to be homeless?
What lie will get me into a mental facility? (preferably for a long time!)?
Why does the society teach men should respect women but not vice versa ?
Please help. I can't shake this guilt.?
What lie should I stick with in order to be placed in a mental facility to miss school?
Is it bad that I don't really use/like social networking sites?
weird dream, need interpretation.?
Why did I have such an odd dream?
When i woke up from my dream i felt that my dream was the weirdest thing ive ever dreamt of, but later on not?
What type of woman do guys like?
Why are women persecuted for having a high sex drive?
Why would an attractive woman be green with envy against her ugly, short, chubby counterpart?
what is the name for a psychologist who works with teenagers?
why stuff like this gets me mad .......... I am handicap?
why homosexuality was not socially acceptable?
Please give me a direct answer.?
Is there any evidence of the ancient sumerian people living longer (400+ years)?
Dreaming of a person you've never met and then seeing them later?
Im Having Messed Up Dreams?
Two methods that the forestry industry employs to harvest natural resources?
Last night terrified me...What do you think it is?
Why do women want to be so skinny?
Why do men choose to get married?
How is it like outside Justin Biebers house? Is it always surrounded be fans and paparazzis?
Where can i find out what my dream means?
First time on a carpet?
Science Fair Tittles!!!!!!!!!! PLEASE HELP!!!!!!!!!!!?
How can you lucid dream?
How curvy do men want women to be?
relationship trouble and weird omens?
Are women taught to feel guilty and give more to a man, even if he is a generous person?
Why do i bang the keys on my keyboard?
What does it mean to have a dream of a dead baby?
what do these traits sound like?
Reserach paper womens rights.Lennin and Bolshievk Revolution . HELP!?
Can't look at someone?
Why is being narrow minded a good thing?
Women: How long does it take for you to get attached to a guy?
Do you give best answers only to people you like/agree with?
Is it normal for anxiety to exhaust you?
Why do women take more selfies than men?
anyone else think this is wrong?
Do you think rapists that use date rape drugs are worse than rapists that don't?
Is Charles Manson crazy or evil?
What kind of course can someone who has english c4, maths c6, economics c6, commerces c6, officer practice c6?
How to deal, kindly but firmly, with an envious stalker who has tried to steal all your bfs since high school?
Going to the worst of depression because of a crush. Tips to forget her?
Would prison r@pe by a heterosexual male be more traumatizing to a man?
Feeling depressed after orgasm. Help?
Is the Canadian national debt out of control? And why?
What does my dream mean?
Why do I keep seeing these numbers whenever I look at a clock?
Is it ever justified that billionaires should lose half their assets in a divorce?
Are animals other than humans smarter than humans?
How important is the forest industry to Canada’s economy?
Why do people kill and eat animals other than humans?
Do you think great men who resisted the rule of stronger nations cried when they were defeated?
guys only : would you rather be manly/masculine or feminine ?
How do I get back into dating/having a boyfriend again, after being raped 4 times by 4 different people?
Where does the idea of introverted/awkward people being rapists come from?
Why do I always have nightmares when I eat right before I sleep?
Do you think this is wrong?
Why are some men so hostile towards online female gamers?
Psychology question, help?
Opinions on a Recurring Dream?
Question about borderline Personality Disorder?
What is psychologically wrong with people who get tattoos?
This woman who envies me since high-school and tried to steal all my boyfriends?
What do you make of Indian feminists' efforts toward equality in the justice system?
What does it mean to dream about ghosts?
How does the actor in international political economy fits with the main theories?
I am really weird about death?
I miss my boyfriend so much my brain won't work?
A confusing dilema...?
When someone says that \X\ is boring - do you find that that usually says more about ...?
Last night I had a dream of being a super hero.?
Most of the time when I dream I have a \soundtrack\?
What does it mean to keep dreaming that it is 100 degrees?
social anxiety or just shyness?
social anxiety or just shyness?
How often do women mistake a player's flirtiness for him having actual feelings for her..?
Why do adults complain about their children living in a medicated generation......?
Weird woman keeps interupting my lunch break?
I saw some really bad stuff on Rorschach test.. Am I normal?
what was Rod Stewart doing in my dream last night?!?
How to keep living day to day when you know your life sucks?
Why are groupies female?
Gender Studies - I do not know how to respond to this - I need help?
when I accept age restriction, does not work?
Why is she doing this? Should I just ignore her?
How Healthy or Unhealthy is it for a person to be their own Best Friend?
What is equality between men and women like in india?
Causes of sudden laughter?
Is there something wrong with my personality?
How to cope being at a place you hate?
How would someone React if you Told them your most Guarded SECRET?
Is there something wrong with me?
Can I take Psychology 102 before Psychology 101 and still understand?
Having the same dream over and over?
selling price = cost/complement of mark up rate. .?
Economics Question, please help?
Is it fair to say that many mainstream feminists take the stance that ...?
Have you ever appeared in someone's dream as a naked trombonist?
Such thing as a \Smart Ditz\ ?
Social Work volunteering?
Is it true that just as the price of freedom is ETERNAL vigilance, so too....?
What kind of flower women’s like?
Dreams that seem like really happened, or things that did actually happen but just feel like a dream?
Why am I so forgetful?
Why do historians need archeologists and anthropologists to study prehistory?
Could I have Aspergers Syndrome?
I can't stop being sad! ):?
How do asian drag queens look so passable compared to other guys?
What do you think of a man who says this?
why do i ract when im dreaming?
why do i get the feeling the US Economy will get worse?
How do you view large people, small people?
Help I am still scared of the dark?
Men, why do you go crazy when you look at a woman's body (read first!)?
Please Help With Psychology!?
What are signs that a person is intelligent?
what reasons are there to live?
All of the following are related to the field of cognitive psychology except......?
What does this dream mean?
Girls this is a bit silly but I only ask because I'm a curious guy?
I feel useless at my job because I have social anxiety?
Why are men put down if??
Why do not so rich people spend so much...?
What are four factors that encourage development and wealth creation?
What are your favorite websites?
GS: If you could choose one food that had zero calories?
I could use some moral support. Was all of this my fault, or am I just feeling too guilty?
When you look into someones eyes and feel an intense spark(adrenaline)?
Who else thinks hands are ugly?
Should there be a limit based on the number of questions a user could ask a day?
intrusive thoughts ocd help please?
Women, which privilege would you pick if you had to?
Describe being scared.?
How does hanging yourself feel(personal experiences)?
do I look black to you?
Do you find it endearing or irritating when someone is innocent and dumb?
I think i have a memory of when i was an infant. Is this possible? or is it a memory i could have made up?
4 questions removed in rapid succession ?
Can't focus or concentrate on anything.. Frustrating and concerning!?
Are men more attracted to women than women are to men?
how do i get over such a terrible mistake, please help?
GS: Do you think you will always need to be a Feminist/MRA?
What is the difference between defending oneself and being defensive?
Can someone please explain Derealization to me?
what happend to me? can I fix it or what should I do?
intrusive thoughts pure o ocd help?
I hid the body, what next?
Is saying they want to be a marine biologist a trend for girls?
Can someone help me find out the meaning of my dream? Please?
I'm a female and very shy and timid around other females?
i had a dream about golden beetle, what does it mean?
I'm very social but lost all confidence?
Low energy, motivation, mood, and apathy?
Where can I find numbers on elected men and women?
What does this childhood behavior mean? and these dreams?
What does this childhood behavior mean? and these dreams?
Should you follow your dreams or make yourself a life?
Difference between a feminist woman and a non feminist woman?
why can't I have a good dream with a happy ending!?
What is this strange feeling I get when I drive by bus and look to someones face?
my son asked me why r the stop sign octagon shaped. does anyone know?
Can any interpret this dream for me?
How often do guys blame all women for what one woman does?
Can someone please explain this feminist logic?
People say I have wasted my life?!?
Can I tell you about my dream?
Is this proof of rape culture?
Has anyone else noticed some people, in public, can tell when you glance at them or vice versa..because of a?
Help me Humans Please?
what does this dream mean/represent?
Why do so many seem to rant on here trying to force their opinions down our necks?
Why do people with adhd have trouble sticking to long term goals?
is somebody on here with social anxiety disorder?
is somebody on here with social anxiety disorder?
dream about weird things. please read and answer.?
Had a dream I had sex with my two best friends?
A \nude\ picture went viral at my school. What can I do?
[04.01]The inflation rate is increasing and unemployment is decreasing. The economy is likely in?
I'm alone and I don't have a girlfriend: social phobia rescricted me in my home for years...?
how to get rid of scars??
Which is more important: women's liberation or the family units?
How to get BS in Women's Studies?
What should i do about my life?
how to i train to become a social worker?
Why do men and women have a different version of history?
What does my dream mean?
You are a tactful flirter?
If your gut instinct is to trust, but your brain is questioning?
can lack of effection from parents cause their child to be depressed?
What nourishes and what posions friendships?
Why do I always feel like people are judging me?
Why were these men that way?
How do you personally recover from disappointment?
Do some men like the hourglass glass figure because it looks motherly and feminine?
Is it possible to have multiple personalities without dissociation?
How to have a happy, loving, and positive personality ALL THE TIME?
Which is more important in a relationship: That a man loves a woman, or that a woman loves a man?
How do you enjoy yourself by yourself?
Thoughts on this video?
If someone says they're an adventurous introvert, what comes to your mind about their personality?
Is lucid dreaming scary or dangerous?
Sources and studies for my essay on homosexuality and zoophilia-bestiality? Any professional advice?
Is It Weird For a Guy To Daydream About Having His Own Family?
Is this how women invite you to make a move on her?
What was the most painful experience of your life?
Been kicked out ?????????
GS: Can you tell when someone is genuinely trolling?
Are dark brown black men considered attractive in the U.S?
Which race of people are the dumbest and least intelligent?
Why cant I stop dreaming about my ex Girlfriend?
what does my dream mean?
Are rich/spoiled kids the worst?
What's up with my head?
Should Yahoo raise the limit on the number of people that can be blocked?
Why do I keep having bad dreams/nightmares?
Why do feminists still get insulted by the word slvt when they have successfully reclaimed the term..?
Why is a woman's sexual history and activities anyone else's business?
Would women survive without men?
What happens to TVC when law of variable proportion operates?
How is beyonce too chubby?
What do you think about people that tell you to die online?
I think we can all agree that the definition of \$1ut\ is subjective. What's your definition?
What does my dream mean?
Confidence at an all time low - what to do?
how would you know if you had aspergers syndrome?
What does this dream mean??
When you leave stuff out of your answers, what sort of stuff do you leave out?
What does a women have to do in order to be a slut?
Do adult stars, models, etc. send out a message that says 'Treat me like an object'?
I have a celebrity crush so so badly on Jennifer Lawrence! I'm 14 and get really upset all the time! Help!?
I had a dream that Paul Walker shot me in the head?
Do people often act as the most innocent when they are really guilty?
Every time I dream, I dream that I am a girl?
How were anger issues dealt with in the 60s-80s?
What is your definition of the word 'curvy'?
Men, do you think she is curvy and attractive?
If there isn't something dangerous or uncaring about male nature, then what explains mistreatment of women?
What does this dream mean?
Do you know what kind of logical fallacy this is?
What could the meaning of this creepy odd occurance be?
What does God or the bible say about the objectification of women?
is there a way to surpress bad memories?
Can you feel pain in a dream?
Are we still in the process of evolution?
Question for the girls about guy attraction!?
what do these dreams mean?
What does it mean when a guy tries to tell you \secrets\ about himself?
Do you think people love more than hate?
Am I the only one who thumbs up hidden answers. Do you? Gender, M or F?
Public Humiliation? (job problem and social issues)?
What does it mean when you keep having dreams about someone you don't talk to anymore?
what are some good discussion questions regarding Walmart's impact on the Canadian Economy?
How come growing up your taught that anyone can get out of poverty and that America has this great income?
My friend really irritates me - how to stay calm?
I cannot control myself???????
What happens after someone commits suicide?
I thought men like curvy women. What's going on?
Men - Have you ever used a woman just for $EX?
Are men allowed to admit other guys look better than them?
If you feel a strong dislike or hostility toward something, you can be described as experiencing_.?
Best economics research choice?
How would you characterize a woman who says these sorts of things about men?
Is this just a coincidence?
why we should be concerned with the problem of inflation?
why we should be concerned with the problem of inflation?
feel disgusted, slept with a post op ladyboy, please help?
How can one be successful despite having many commitments in life?
Dream interpretation?
Men, is it a turn off if a woman is just a little heavier?
Do you people know how hard it is to type with a bloody hand wrapped in toilet-paper!?
Meaning of short, romantic dream?
14 and killing myself..?
Men, would you find a chubby girl attractive if she was curvy?
Will these women who hate men still want to make love with men some time?
Is morbid curiosity a bad thing?
should i cut my family out of my life?
help with social anxiety!im desperate!!!?
How do u call d event wen u suddenly wonders abt evrything around u? N d whole place around u brightens up?
What does my dream mean?
Why do I feel so guilty and depressed?
killing a crow in my dream..?
Could a misogynist and a misandrist get along fine since they are both haters in a way?
Dreams of escaping danger at school?
Does fairer skinned women and dark men attracts each other?
Do most men dislike thicker women?
How to be a positive and happy person?
Hallucinating in lucid dreams?
How to become 'talk of the town'?
Never had any friends? Is my life worth it?
How can I make myself forget these things?
Dreaming about a ghost cat?
Wierd dream after hitting head?
suicidal thoughts everytime im at work??
if men and women are equal why we can't hit them but they can?
Question for girls and i guess guys as well about equality.?
so stressed out with exams, feeling depressed? :(?
What is the monotheistic movement?
What do you think of ugly females that like dissing others?
Is romanticism a part of gender studies?
what are the implied terms for the supply of goods and services act?
Why do I feel nothing at all?
Men, do you like fat around a woman's hips?
Someone have any thoughts about this?
At any moment why do we choose what we choose?
dream i made out with a black + yellow spider wearing a blonde wig?
Is it true that women are aroused(blood flow) by many things?
How come guys say they don't like clingers, but...?
Is there really lot of woo! girls in America?
Are fat women hated more than fat men?
Guys, I'm getting scared. Help me. What should I do?
How come some guys say they'll do something, but then never do?
Dreams where you're so scared that you can't talk?
What is potential well?discuss its importance?
I had a dream that felt so real...?
Why do some guys act so nervous around a girl they like?
Wouldn't love be better left to be conducted by the professional porn stars?
[04.04] The monetary policy tool in use on a daily basis is?
Why are so many women willing to defend males more than they defend themselves?
What does it mean when a woman is rped?
Ladies : How do you know when he is really glad to see you?
Are there people who disagree that white people with dark eyes can be white?
Why am i turned off by this?
Is technology taking over our children?
What is actually a nightmare (dream)?
Can masturbation interfere with school studies??
why are there so much difference between Indians and Europeans if both are basically the same ethnic group?
GS: is it okay to dislike someone?
What is the impact of China's growing wealth on UK businesses?
Successful men married to fat ladies?
I am depressed but i have everything i always wanted. What do i need to do. Thinking of suicide.?
do I look like a black man?
Do you think he really dislikes me?
why do girls like girly and feminine guys these days?
types of society according to karl marx?
five kinds of society according to karl marx?
Do you think that much of the girls and guys answer the questions of girls and not of Guys?
I care too much about others and what they think; how can I change?
What does my dream mean?
What would Freud say about call of duty?
I had a dream about having a baby?
Been this way for long time and want it to end. Its the way I think.?
Please answer! Is there something mentally wrong with me ?
I had a dream about satan! What does it mean?
How is this possible?
Why do I always have weird dreams?
Why am i feeling incompetent after a promotion?
which are some robust coefficents in heteroskedasticity?
What is something about the other sex that irritates you the most?
What is something about the other sex that intrigues you ?
A debate about The medical progress has decreased the rate of death in the world.?
No one answered before. Can someone please answer please? What is wrong with this person?
I can't stop lying? How do I stop?
Is it norm for guys to reject a girl they never got to know?
Why don't i feel connected to people anymore?
Do people tend to think in full sentences?
What causes a mall to decline?
why I am feeling so tensed,nervous,uncertain,?
Are there users here who make you laugh by their silliness?
Is there something wrong with me being afriad of naked people?
How much is 2.8 Billion US Dollars in Indian Rupees Crores?
What is wrong with my brain?
I had a very emotional dream help?
why do i worry and stress out so much over little things??
Why is my life so crappy?
being black and no kids?
Please tell me what should i do? Feeling low and depressed!!?
Women: If you earned significantly more than your fiance, would you make him sign a prenup?
Why does American society has a female face?
Screaming during dream.?
My future? Jobs? How to pursue my dreams?
Is anyone able to relate to this? I'm just venting?
Girls, will you ever truly STOP ! obsessing over Kim Kardashian ?
Should I Commit Suicide Over This?
Men? Are seriously abused women \damaged goods\?
Why is it everything i dream comes true?
how to tell the future ?
Please interpret my dream? (complicated!)?
Why can't I talk about my attempted date rape?
I hate when people are ignorant about depression and act as if it you can snap out of it?
How do I become more confident?
Should i live my life with isolation or i should suicide?
Why do I feel so upset after witnessing a stray dog suffer after being hit by a vehicle?
Is this a form of penis envy or am I just hateful?
Men: is this kind of loyalty rare?
Psychology case study,. critisisms?
why am i so bitter and cynical and pessimistic about lifes outlook?
dream i became A dark angel?
What countries do white people originate from?
Why is karl Marx's communist theory not applicable in contemporary African societies?
Is it possible that dreams can predict the future?
i m 15 year old and i take everything very seriously and i get tensionised . i m very anxious of this problem?
I i think there might be a jinn in my dreams.?
What does my dream mean?
can i turn into a woman without getting an operation?
I feel like Im paranoid?
My manager is like a lion when mad. it really irritates and demotivates me at work. what should i have to do?
Dementia at 29 real worries and so ill with it?
Dreaming about someone that has passed?
can i trust that iq test?
Why do women claim \Men enjoy pursuing women\ when almost every man wants to be chased by women?
How do snails másterbate?
I hate food, and eating, but i'm not anorexic?
how can i boast up my confidence?
Can I get some input?
Why are INTP females so rare and are we viewed as more unattractive as females?
Why does Liberalism appeal to the youth?
Who else feels bad for homeless people right now?
I dreamt of having a baby?
I dreamt of my friends dying but my girl friend and cousin lived. What does that mean?
I am shy kind of person how to overcome by this?
Are you open to such a school curriculum for a 6 year old?
I dreamed of a guy I have a crush on in very new high heeled black knee length boots.Does that mean something?
do hot guys really exist?
What was it like to officially start your own life?
I have bad reflexes kinda?
I'm scared to dream...?
what does this dream mean?!?
How does deflation effect exchange rate?
White Cloaked Figure In Dream?
Why are guys afraid to meet parents?
Why does GS attract so many people with physiological or mental illnesses?
Can you help analyse my dream meaning?
how can someone give a \rapist vibe\ ?!?
Do I have bad anxiety/social anxiety?
Are having angry outburst in my head normal?
Discuss whether a market economy can solve the problem of scarcity more effectively than a command economy.?
Do you, personally, think men are more sensitive now?
Why does my brother scratch my feet when I'm asleep?
What could this fear mean? Please help?
Is it possible to perceive things in real life while dreaming?
How do you feel more connected to people and your town?
Why do I have nightmares when I sleep on my back ?
I want to die !!!! i'm ugly , fat , worthless , horrible !!!!?
Is it good to enter marriage in late 20s without having any first-hand experience with relationships?
what could this mean?
Getting over self esteem issues?
Still high for three days and scared?
How do I stop feeling emotionally numb?
what could this mean?
how to interpret this \female\ behavior ? is it good or bad?
Why am I always covered in blood?
Is female \gushing\ real or a myth?
How do you know that your experience of consciousness is the same as other people’s experience of consciousnes?
I don't feel connected to the people around me or my town?
What is wrong with me?
How do I ride a rollercoaster?
I really hat being a guy and would pefer to be a girl ae these good reasons why?
The next couple of decades in America will be rough?
Generation Y is said to have a sense of entitlement?
dream of watching a ship colappse?
Why do I have fantasies about raping women?
dream of a double rainbow?
How is this possible?
Why do people stereotype?
Is it ok to get everything you want in life?
White unhinged door dream?
Lady Chatterley's Lover - why is the novel (and movie) considered misogynistic by feminists?
Guys why does this turn me off?
is this guy's approach to women wrong / childish?
Does lucid dreaming actually work?
do woman find beards attractive?
How to have better conversations?
Need opinions from women with curves.?
Why do humans love repetitive activity? Please answer?
What is Spacial Justice?
Help please, I can't concentrate and I feel like I'm in hell?
Why do I have these reccurring dreams? I've had them for the past 13 years?
Males, what are or were your insecurities about your appearance?
Would you be able to deal with a partner that has trichotillomania?
Is it safe to say that sex trafficking is the second highest crime because of men?
Why do I have such bad social problems?guys only please?
Do you think my life sucks?
I'm getting really anxious and stressed about job interviews?
Men: does this description fit what most of you would like your woman to look like?
Will This Sleep Pattern Harm me?
there should be a name for people who are yet are not against feminism?
How would you develop a sense of nationalism and patriotism in you?
Issues with confidence?
Does this happen to anyone else and why?
Why am I depressed? I have everything!?
I hate my life and I'm so done.. What do I do?
whats the difference between a pct I and a pct II?
What should my girlfriend do about her nightmares?
To International Y/A Community: Any advanced technology to study about a 1000 year old temple&its architecture?
Male body image and anthropology?
Where can I learn how to lucid dream?
Females, what body confidence issues did you have or still have and how crippling were they or are they?
What are your thoughts on Vulnerability, and how it impacts our lives?
i had a dream that i owed someone money, the next day i was offered alot of money?
Wind is so loud at night?
Do you think that the majority of people are controlled by their hormones and by their senses?
I dreamed I died in a car crash?
What makes you happy and why ?
Lately i have been having flashbacks of my past(a bad past). I find myself crying sometimes. is this bad?
Why do I act differently at work than I do normally in my personal life?
how to deal with a very cunning deceiptful and manipulative relatives?
Why don't women compete with other men fairly in the workplace like how men do with other men?
Human species question, race/breeds?
What issue do you support for the opposite gender?
How can I relate male body image to anthropology, psychology, and sociology?
GS: Do you think the \Tiger mom\ parenting style is too hard or too much for young people?
Is it possible to tell the future?
Rights and privelege?
Suicide only answer to pedophilia?
Did you guys have some sadness that you look on your body?
Can music make you a calmer person?
Feel More Comfortable Around Women?
do doctors perceive opioids for people who have really bad mental health problems?
HOW DO i for the first time get a boyfriend and a first relationship?
Horror Dream Interpretation? I watched 3 Chucky movies for the first time 2 months ago so maybe it all connect?
being a loser, I finally managed to get a goal and pursue happiness in life?
How can I make myself feel better? Very depressed from a video!?
Is it often for males to only be interested in dating slim females and is it often that they get shamed for it?
how to become super sick. i just hate school. help me.?
Has our technology exceeded our humanity?
i want to talk to someone about my anxiety and suicide thoughts but i feel like everyone just thinks im trying?
How can I make the voices In my head stop !?!?
Had a weird, creepy dream?
How Do I Fix My Personality?
Why do so many people have depression?
Who were the hottest women at Washington State in the early 80's?
What on earth happened? Was this attempted rape?
Can you help me out with this slide in my project?
What's the best thing that's unhealthy?
Can I use Euros in the United Kingdom?
how do losers put up with the recognition of being such ?
So what does this mean?
Interpret my friend's dream?
Gut feeling, intuition?
Ok keep having a dream about a women I don't know or reminds me of nobody I know?
Smelling someone's cologne that isn't there?
Females, would you ever want to be in a relationship with a male who has was too afraid to ask you out?
Do men want women to be body-type obsessed?
is there anyway i can be guaranteed to have a wet or lucid dream?
Am I mean for not being sad when old people die?
Eds - why should,someone,who actively encouraged someone to torture and murder a child get off Scott free?
if both supply and demand increase at the same time, then?
School is making me nervous and depressed?
Why don't guys like big hips?
What does my dream mean?
Explain how industrialization and urbanization motivated the emergence of sociology?
GS: if your partner hit you would you still continue to be with them?
what would you say to someone who doesn't have dreams to realize ?
Which field of psychology is this?
Why do some people say girls are far better than guys in many things?
Can things like clothes that I had a bad day in bring me bad luck?
why do I always need to be busy?
What is the Rick Dyer claim of a Sasquatch body?
Ladies would this offend you, if ex you dumped said he doesn't have the time to hate you and is over you?
I'm called ugly everywhere i go like school and outside of school.?
I need a English name,please help me.?
why do people in general is so attracted to goal driven people ?
Do men prefer small curves?
what is the best acronym for suicide?
What to do if you've messed up your life?
Yet another double standard?
Is this how men think whether they mean to or not?
GS: Who is a celebrity that you think looks like you?
Why is it always so sad when a young person dies?
why is bromoethane important in society?
Is this proof the UK is still a patriarchal society?
Women in the 70's?
Why can't I grieve for my bestfriend?
Why would an MRA bite a hand that reached out?
Different from my peers, am I alone on this?
Women: Who'd you think you'd be more protective of?
What do you think happens to us when we die?
What is the likelihood that the United States economy will collapse within the next 50 years or less?
Are people who are good with animals more likely to make good parents?
GS: Do you have a dislike fairy that follows you around and gives you thumbs down on all your answers?
How to stop feeling isolated, stressed, and lonely?
how to stop myself from suicidal thoughts?
Should I read \A Monetary History of the United States, 1867–1960\?
WHY DO I BE HAVING ORGASMS IN MY DREAM WITH A GURL??
why do some wives believe that their husbands should do their interest with them?
My Uncle passed away a week ago and I keep going from angry to sad in a matter of minutes what should I do?
how do you go about sittin a levels again at 30 years of age?
Is It Possible To Take On a New Personality?
Why I'll always be the one to blame in my family?
Doesn't it sound like my mother wants me to feel physically inferior to other women?
Feeling restless deep inside my soul. never felt like this?
Using two classic examples, compare the psychoanalytic and behavioral conceptions of the onset of phobias.?
How may we find satisfaction for all our desires?
If women were running every country on earth, ___________. (fill in the blank)?
Why are teenage girls so easily influenced by the media?
How small do the breasts of a woman have to be for you to not want to date her?
G.S. Gentlemen: Are you offended by \gal\?
Can teens have a 'midlife crisis'?
Men, do you agree with people like Chatuea Heartiste and Tom Leykis?
Why do I always cry when I'm angry or stressed?
What's it mean if there's a bathroom in all of my dreams?
What ... Why the night ... the thoughts are lighter and the heart beats more slowly?
GS Ladies: Are you offended by \man\?
Do we change more from age 10 to 18, or 18 to 26?
I don't want to go back to school?
Can anger be used for good?
I know it sounds stupid but i might hate my familly?
My Mom makes fun of me whenIm upset . Help ?
Reoccurring Dream Meaning?
Is it too common for \western\(American...) women to care about P*nis size?
what's so boring about true equality?
What are the most beautiful and best for marriage women in the world today?
Why do I feel like this?
WHY are women turned on by physically strong men who can pick them up and can even manhandle them sexually?
Is it an awful idea to get the one thing that could make your life less miserable such as getting a foal?
are there any women out there can actually believe in true equality?
What do you think about women that lie about being raped?
Have you ever been around someone with an addiction?
What kind of profession do women prefer the most?
Why do I have this feeling?
Help? Thinking of sex gives me anxiety attack?
Is is bad that I fantasize about this?
Is there any programs for people with social anxiety near las Vegas?
I never had a female in my family?
How do you stop yourself from having preconcieved notions?
How do I tell my mom I want to die?
IS CAPITALISM CRIMINOGENIC?
I become enraged easily and fairly quickly, how do I calm down?
GS: Is anybody not sleeping tonight?
How did I develop so many phobias?
Do you find this misogynistic or funny?
How can I assertively deal with this situation?
Confusing relationship help?
How can I get rid of my OCD?
Men VS Women, Who would win?
Will I get a pay increase with the minimum wage being increased?
Why do I keep having dreams about my ex boyfriend?
I'm so mentally ill, someone please help?
how can a man overpower a woman?
Can you teach me how to give up?
Does this happen to any other woman?
What are wet dreams???
How do I overcome a fear of flying?
Do you believe sex is merely for procreation or pleasure?
What is the average income for Cambodia ?
What are some very specific Interests you know some AUTISTIC people have?
Is it to early to go on a journey to find out who I truly am as a person?
GWSers, this is your lucky day. I have decided to review...?
Do you think that a straight person who wants to avoid dating bisexual people is neccesarily homophobic?
what's wrong with me?
Why can't I concentrate on homework at home?
How much would Bones make?
How to reconcile \hate begets hate\ with the notion of \fight fire with fire\?
is it normal to have these weird dreams?
how do we remember to get up in the morning?
Why do men say they like fit women?
How common is it for AUTISTIC kids to have some very specific Interests and Likes?
Why am I so UNLUCKY in my life in terms of finding Love. I am so depressed...?
Does anyone know why teenagers are so self-conscious?
Do you think men and women who are in relationships should be friends with people of the opposite sex?
Does it seem like this guy really dislikes me?
Do you think this is true?
Why do I hate compliments, praises and being loved?
How would you describe the personality of a psychopath?
How can such horrible people possibly exist on this earth?! Please read!?
People who didnt work hard(or nearly as hard as others) to attain success?
Why won't people help you when you are desperate?
If I were to kill myself...right now.?
Random Mood Swings??
Do men have a much harder time getting dates than woman?
How to describe a stance?
What ex scaly is the skull and bones Society?
I need someone to talk to?
Is Passive Aggressive Behavior equal to/same as/worse as confrontational?
Is solitude a problem?
What does my dreams mean? Help!?
I keep getting woke up at night and I don't know if it's a dream?
I keep getting woke up at night and I don't know if it's a dream?
Why do people treat me different...?
Would a guy send me an email posing as his girlfriend and claim shock?
I have weird dreams about my bf is this normal?
Is this true ????????
How to tell if you are phyiscally attractive?
This guy in my class has been constantly looking at me during lesson. How do I concentrate in class?
did u konow animals take pride in taking care of their kids - only some so called humans think the white man?
If someone has no conscience but does have emotions is that person a sociopath?
Why do I feel dead sometimes?
I have an anxiety about being touched?
why do the media always portrays men who are dating asian women as 'old creepy white men'?
Do men have better cardio fitness than women?
You pretend you are a good person?
What things in life are just to complicated?
Why do women try to turn friendships into something more even when they know there is absolutely no chemistry?
Is anyone else tired of pretending to be happy so that people dont bother you with questions likes whats wrong?
What are the differences between a sociopath and a psychopath?
Dream Interpretation... Auras And Aliens? Help Please!?
How to get an image out of my head...?
What makes you yourself feel most for filled?
If i know no one cares about me, is it okay to commit suicide?
Does this make your skin crawl?
Examples of humane actions?
Does doing yoga help with anxiety?
Advice is what we ask for,when we already know the answer and wish we didn't?
What do you think my dream means??? PLease answer seriously,?
how would you phsycaly desripation of yourself?
Do women see men who're shorter than 6 feet tall as \short\ often?
I need a creative title on my project. It's on multiple intelligence Howard Gardner?
Are people who end up never married and without children less respected than those who do?
Dream interpretation please!?
I am sooooo stressed right now!!! help plz!!!?
I think my friend is a narcissist?
GS Feminists: Why do YOU need Feminism?...?
Straight women prefer other women because there is no risk of pregnancy?
What are benefits and disadvantages of shareholder theory and stakeholder theory?
What's wrong with me?
Feeling insane hatred?
Help!? I'm so depressed! Please help!?
As a man, are you concerned that a lot of men are going to be crushed?
i thought he was autistic but not sure anymore?
Today - this very moment - what is the most valuable thing in your life?
reasons why science is a superior way of explaining/investigating our world?
Should politicians decide on who is qualified for front lines or should performance?
Can being extremely stubborn flaw a whole entire person?
I jut had a dream about getting back together with my boyfriend, what does it mean?
Pedophilia usually refers to sexual fantasies involving, but what if fantasies about teenagers?
difference between social worker and child and youth worker?!?
Have you ever been on a feminist tumblr?
Is it my dad's fault why I'm afraid to stand up for myself and avoid confrontation?
Is derived demand always proportional?
How to let go of guilt? HELP?
My handwriting changes everyday....sometimes at different times of the day???!!!?
What is it called when you do not like something orginally but over time you become accustom to it?
Why do i lie so much?
False Allegations of Domestic Violence, spain, Italy alarming statistics?
why can't I say what i need to say and let go?
What should I do and what does it mean?
Does anyone think that you should have to be feminine to be a feminist?
why is it illegal to to research stem cells in some countries and why do some people hold different views?
Is Black Widow an important part of the avengers or is she for visual purposes?
Family torn, crazy sister, need advise?
are we entering the second great depression?
should i stop smoking weed, or is there some way to improve unwanted side efeects?
Think I want attention, but when I have it i get nervous?
Can you go to CAMHS without a parent knowing?
Having strange dreams about an ex?
I'm terrified of dying?
Guys with cocky smirks..?
Why are Yorkie chocolate bars so tasty?
So I feel like this. Someone cheer me up? :(?
Math and abstract thinking?
Does imagining the state that people could be in behind their computer screens make you uncomfortable?
How to change your attitude towards sleep?
Do you feel weird going places alone? like stores?
Had a dream my boyfriend cheated?
what is meant by ideological. and what is meant by ideological discussion/ differences.?
What are the qualities of a real guy?
What would be the best way to commit suicide?
How can I stop thinking about what it's like when I succeed something?
I just got bitten by a radioactive spider and experiencing strange side effects. What should I do?
When will feminism be answerable for where it has led us as a society?
Men - How bad is it if your girlfriend farts in front of you?
Why am i so scared to grow up, and how do i get over it?
I had a dream someone got shot.?
Does Age make a diffrence?
Impact of the Great Depression on America's social and financial situation?
How do i become a more confident and outspoken person?
I'm feeling really depressed?
Does this make any sense (mental health problems)?
Evidence of the 1920s was not on a firm foundation.?
The Success of the New Deal attempt to minimize the effects of the Great Depression?
How can I survive without being able to answer your dappy questions?
If there was a room made of mirrors and there was nothing in the room what would the mirrors reflection be?
What does this dream mean or symbolize when dreaming of an ex?
Dream about people trying to kill me and my family? 10 points for best explaination!?
How can I stop being judgmental?! please help!?
How can I stop being judgmental?! please help!?
how do I stop feeling like this?
Why do people try to hide behind the freedom of speech?
How would you measure fear?
women what is the most attractive kind of guy?
do all ideas come from a single question as its origin?
What is wrong with being lazy?
How to overcome laziness? (I'll answer yours)?
I think I want to kill my self ?
When you read the news, do some stories move you that they stick in your psyche?
Why do women generally use more smileys/emoticons when typing or chatting with someone online?
What would be the point of fear mongering for fukishima?
How old would I have to be to work at Family Dollar?
Dream about getting stabbed?
Hit by your significant other ?
Dream interpretation needed?
GS: How do you deal with heartbreak?
Do farmers burn fields here at a certain time of year in Britain?
Why do people think that eating salads means you are starving yourself?
im a lesbian...why did this weird thing happened with this girl?
Would women prefer to stay in kitchen ?
How can I get rid of the anxiety I have about my biology class?
Women over 21. In order for you to date/marry a man, must he first meet a lot of requirements?
is having photographic memory a good or bad thing?
The Meaning Of my dream ? sex with my sisters friend.?
Have humans always had an emotional connection?
Am I asexual/non-sexual?
If humans aren't using their full strength, how strong can we possibly be comparison wise?
What percentage of women have this mentality?
What do you call a person who lives with someone just to kill them in the end?
How do I do a data analysis?
How come I remember the good things in life much much better than the bad things?
how to not be afraid of torture?
Can someone please explain these banking terms to me in the SIMPLEST way possible?
does yahoo answers have all the answers?
Would you support opening a Colosseum for rapists and murderers?
what's my dream mean?
what is your attitude towards work?
Women: What do you think of men who are extremely introverted (hardly say a word)?
Why am I having dreams about my ex?
How can people think they're \good\ if they want to control other peoples lives?
Men, list the 5 things that matter most to you in life ?
I saw a woman beside me when I woke up?
Why should women have control over their body when nature has destined them not to?
Why do feminists always report answers and questions - does it make them feel superior?
Why are suicide rates high at New Year?
Would doing this kill me??
Do you like getting thumbs down for your answer?
on what page of Germaine Greers female Eunuch is this quote on “Security is the denial of life”?
why is it so hard for me to look people in the eyes?
ihad a dream about a little girl?
Why is it so difficult for people to accept failures?
I don't know what to do?
Why did I trip off e like this?
Dream about snakes? Help?!?
Why do you wake up in the morning?
Are most of the people on here mentally ill?
Give and example of science research that has been put to a destructive use?
Do you think it's fair for people to judge women that have had abortions?
i shot slenderman what now?
Is a woman can tolerate?
If you cheated on your partner....?
How do you stop worrying?
Why isn't there a \suicide\ page on Brainy Quotes?
How do I stop or improve this?
I cannot stop worrying! Please help?!?
Could the human race still survive without animals?
Why do female actors tend to get less pay after they past their child bearing age?
How come black people do not donate to African charity?
Crush stared at another woman?
What subject should I minor in if I plan on majoring in Psychology?
Are male teachers considered to be cuckolds by a lot of women?
how come it's so difficult to keep the mind wordless?
Why do people coddle their own race?
What guys hate about girls ?
Disturbed by this, help please?
Are glasses sexy on women?
if you could choose between these two augmentations, which one would you choose?
How would you help develop a healthy identity in someone?
Are boys more discriminated against than women?
Do you believe that opposites or similarities attract?
Why do some people say that women don't need men, but men need women?
Is the glass half full or half empty?
My life is disorganized mess?
I'm so embarrassed but don't know why?
Anyone here ever see Bill Burr? A funny comedian?
When was the last time you took a mental health day from work/ responsibilities?
My friend gets told by her husband what to wear. He even checks her underwear on her return from work.?
who built diwan i khas and diwan i aam?
Which of the following would not be counted in the circular flow of an economy?
My life is disorganized mess?
Which of the following statements about gross domestic product are true? I. Gross domestic product is best des?
Given a normal market demand curve for leather wallets and purses, if people find that backpacks are a better?
Why aren't women allowed to do professional bull riding?
Why do I keep having this dreams?
how to stop lucid dreaming?
Sociology of Ghetto Area?
How do I talk to them. Being FORCED to gain weight?
What does this dream mean?
I keep having bad dreams about my boyfriend?
Why does my close guy friend ignore me when we are hanging out with others or around a lot of people?
Having dreams about a snake, tarantula, beetles and fire. What does this mean?
Is there any justice in a completely free society?
Why am I having trouble waking up for school?
How many men on here love their mother's, sister's but hate women ?
Why are some people born dumb and quiet?
If women live in fear of being raped, what do men live in fear of?
how to stop lucid dreams?
What does a Bangladeshi take pride in ?
Is giving a strange name to a child wrong and/or unfair?
how to be brave enough to cut yourself?
It was going great then he ended it? Is this normal?
Symptoms of a sociopath?
Would you date someone if they slept with a lot of people before you?
Why am I like this . I always think and care about other people?
His fiancée added me on Facebook? Why?
Do some women just want to be lied to?
So why does she want to be an expert sexist?
How can I change the way I feel about dating?
Do you have any weird fetishes? Are you a guy?
Is there any special meaning with the hairstyle popular with men from Maghreb?
Should I give up on her forever?
Having nightmares about shots/needles?
Women Not As Good At Being Sexist And Making Stupid Comments,' Says Leading Ukip Member?
women, whats the best triat a guy can have?
people being childish?
GS: Do you have OCD tendencies?
i can not get into my emeil,why is this?
Who is more prone to seeking revenge? Men or women?
Why'd he break it off suddenly?
How many megapixels would you think our eyes have?
How come sometimes I'll say something to annoy or make a guy mad and he just doesn't respond?
My girlfriend is going to Australia tomorrow, what shall i do tonight?
Why do young women keep flirting with you, even if they are in a commited relationship, is that allowed?
•Can blind people see their dreams? Do they dream ?
How can i organize my time on the long run?
Do gestures change their psychological meaning if you are left-handed?
Dream about a biting dog? 10 MARKS?
Is the feeling of not being productive common among people?
Do you think it's unprofessional for a professor to flirt with a student...?
had a dream about being blown away by strong wind and i woke up what does this mean?
Why are those people on social networks really annoying and idiots?
Do people make way too big a deal of female gamers?
Plz explain princple of hypnosis?
what would make a woman want to have sex with a man?
Are hot black women the pickiest women in america?
When I thought I had the answer, you came along so full of promises ?
Do any recovering alcoholics on here feel alcohol is portrayed falsely in advertisements? And why?
Does being advantaged make you brag about your achievements?
How do I answer this Psychology Essay Question?
What is a good appositive describing Freud?
Somewhere over the rainbow, where troubles melt like lemon drops ?
I had a dream. what is it?
Can you find someone beautiful, but not sexually attractive?
Anyone ever feel like up and leaving?
I get bored and distracted easily. How can i learn to stay focused?
Can you find someone beautiful, but not sexually attractive?
Dream about dragon feathers and vikings?
Why am I so mad all of the time?
Why girls are afraid of rats and cockroaches?
help me please!!! !!???
Is becoming a MGTOW the only sensible ideology for a young man to overcome gynocentric oppression?
What do feminists think of this, which is one of the largest gatherings of men?
Does he still have feelings for me at all?
What are some examples of alleged feminist propaganda and misinformation?
what is the \a ha \ reaction in relation to sociology.?
what is the \a ha \ reaction in relation to sociology.?
My mother was finally answers for this something a intresting.?
why i always fail to do anything and feel like i am totally useless person? please help immediatel?.?
What do you think makes men become MGTOW?
I want to live my life but i can't?
Do you think movies exaggerate slavery?
What can i do he feels superior?
What disorder is this??? Help please?
Why do MGTOW think they're doing a?
How to help a friend that has been brainwashed by anti-feminist propaganda and misinformation?
How do you know your spouse isn't cheating on you?
PLEASE HELP ME WITH THIS PSYCHOLOGY PAST PAPER QUESTION?!! I CAN'T DO IT!?
can love change me from being bad to good?
Do you ever get a weird feeling?
Are you scared of the dark?
A question about dementia at 29 very anxious?
How does a rejected man activate MGTOW mode?
Is there such a thing as being totally turned off romantic relationships with the opposite sex?
Any underlying problems with these reactions?
Does anybody get really angry at there mums and starts hitting hem?
can't shake the feeling of being an ugly loser?
how does excessive use of nitrate fertilisers in agricultural fields affect human life?
How does circumcision protect against aids?
i told to a guy 'you are a man be strong not a women\?
Why do some people think that being different is a bad thing? Why does being different annoy them so much?
Give me some tips to be a positive thinker and good attitude?
Does anyone know hat kind of personality disorder I have?
being left on my own after all these years is a scary thought?
What do you think about italians?
Do you think women have better instincts than men?
I pulled an all nighter, but i want to not feel tired anymore. Help?
I cant sleep?!?! please help ASAP?
Is it normal to constantly lose yourself in things like TV shows or imagination?
What do you think of this rule on a dating site?
Could you advise me about my major/minor interests?(Music Education/Environmental Engineering/Psychology)?
do you agree that cats are like women and dogs like men?
validity of iq test???????
Has this happened to you when you were a child?
Why are middle aged women so easy?
Why do I almost see things/have \fear attacks\?
Where can I find evidence or studies that suggest eyewitness testimony is reliable?
How do I deal with being lonely?
Terrible anxiety.. How to stop it?!?
why do some women only date guys that don't respect them and complain about it later?
Feminism getting out of hand?
What's wrong with me? Do I have a mental disability? What is it? Ugh?
Is it bad that I prefer to be friends with the characters I read in books than people I meet in the world?
Am I depressed or is this normal?
I hate the sound and feeling of metal clanging/scraping?
the hellhole country India almost made fornification a form of \rape\, do feminists agree?
Feeling sick from anxiety?
Explain the features of perfect competition?
Why do I make such stupid decisions? Such as?
I have nightmares when I sleep alone?
Rianne doesn't answer my messages, does she hate me?
I am going crazy.... what would happen if i continue this in whole of my life....?
Having these dreams constantly?
is altered mental status hereditary?
Why do I apply so much pressure when I write?
Am I a sadist or normal kid?
Could I be in shock, or am I emotionally selfish?
Why do I dream of people when they die How common is this?
what does it mean when a man talks repeatedly/constantly about his ex-wife?
Anxiety and Nervousness? Any Ways to Help Get Rid of It?
Please help me... I can't take this anymore?
Whats the best thing about being your gender?
Is 10 people AVERAGE or ABOVE AVERAGE to have slept with for a 25 year old woman?
Why i cry for a girl in dreams and awaked when i see love near to me?
I am realising that my boyfriend may have mental problems?
Is there such thing as a phobia of being sick?
could I possibly be depressed?
Counselors not the answer?
What makes a con man?
Question about nightmares and lucid dreaming?
What does this mean:(?
Why am I so depressed for no reason, cant sleep?
Why has he been chasing me for 4 years?
What is your therapist allowed to tell your parents?
Is anyone able to tell me the meaning of this dream I had about Paul Walker?
Do i need to have self-confident and self-esteem if i suffered from face skin disease and scarred it?
Being crushed and can't deal like everyone else?
Any ideas about on what I can compare Ancient China and Eygpt?
Okay I am beinh completely serious and this gender related?
How do you overcome social anxiety?
PLEASE HELP ME!!!! Is there something wrong with me?!?
Could remote populations of prehistoric humans survive to this day?
Why do I self harm :'(?
My mother saw my father ( who passed away 8 months back) and he wanted to bathe in milky water?
calculate growth rate with constant prices?
Why is so common to man have feet fetishes?
Why has the majority of people in my life been so sadistic?
I'm losing my confidence! And I don't know how to hold this sh*t!?
Can I make your night much more entertaining?
Am I disturbed =|? Should I seek counselling?
Is there anyone on here who is COMPLETELY satisfied with their life?
Why girls want to explore their body? I hate this?
I want to kill myself but I don't want to leave my family.?
I don't know when I should retake my driving test?!?
solid and gravy food- science?
Why do women want equal rights yet act like children and complain when they get treated like grown ups?
Know of anyone whose adult child?
Why do I associate nights with anxiety & stress ? (plz help me get better)?
Would you agree that racism is subtle but deep-rooted in modern societies?
Jealousy is ruining my life?
Black men are sexiest men of all races but black women are ugliest women of all races?
Is it possible to construct one's career around the interactions with people and English?
Is the guy I'm dating a sociopath?
I have a family problem?
What is the relationship between speciation and the theory of punctuated equilibrium?
What makes people tell obvious white lies?
What is your myers briggs type?
Would my guy get in any trouble?
How can anyone seriously believe in positive thinking?
what can you interpret on this picture?
Will africa one day be advanced?
How to enhance creativity?
Why am I waking up with these?
Please help! Questions about doing taxes as a self-employed webcam model?
Why did wages stagnate in the 70s?
how do i tell my mom im depressed?
Is this considered as mock combat/stage combat?
How can I forgive myself?
What are the most effective ways of getting a girlfriend?
What is wrong with being a brony(a male teenager or man who likes My Little Pony) I dont get why people hate.?
Does it make me a racist self hater if I dislike my own nappy hair?
Is it true that women feel inferior due to PENIS ENVY?
describing an emotion?
I was wondering if women can take horomon therapy like when a man wants to become a woman?
I can't decide what to do with my life!?
I think I have a special abilities?
Does intelligence reflect on a person's face?
What is wrong with calling someone racist for stereotyping a certain race?
How do all of you feel about ex bashing sites?
what the hell is wrong with me.?
Sleeping position like vampire?
Is Attraction Meeting People with Similar Traits?
Why am I suddenly angry at every little thing?
How should i tell the girl im dating?
I get randomly depressed..is this normal?
Is it weird for a woman to be with a guy 5 years younger, does it make her a sort of feline name?
I dreamt of a spider with a red butt?
Ideas that can help me build my identity?
Is the Paradox of Thrift a legitimate theory? If so, how can it be avoided?
Heaven dream and I don't know what it means ? Help ?!?
How come there was only one Dust Bowl?
Have you ever had problems your family to accept your interracial dating?
How many hours asleep is good sleep?
Why do women sit around full time thinking about how to use others?
Is being called adorble a good thing for a man or would you rather be called sexy?
how important is it to have a dream to follow ?
Should you fix a woman's car for free?
Why do people let other people make them a booty call?
what does this dream mean?
Is complaining about being molested in India racist?
Boyfriend acts cheerful with me even when I express sadness? Does* take me seriously, but personaly unafected?
Why do I always forget my dreams?
what state has high minimum wage and low cost of living?
Has your sense of humor ever taken a vacation?
help eating disorder (further details inside)?
did humans evolve from monkies?
Terrible anxiety, 17, senior year in high school?
Are some women a bit too narcissistic these days?
Why dont people from India wear deodorant or bathe?
Am i being haunted by a ghost?
What are condiered suicial thoughts?
a dream about the grim reaper?
Is it possible to train yourself to stop talking? and how would it be done?
I go through bouts of depression, what is causing me to feel sad so often?
I Have Social Problenms?
How much gender do you have? Can you match this guy's genderfulness?
Is it possible for are unconscious minds to reject are consciousness when it enters a lucid state?
How do I feel like I belong?
Why do I have these visions?
what to do about this?
Has feminism given us the right to tell our husbands how to treat us or is that just natural?
how to dream of what you want to dream about?
Gender studies- What do you think of just the title of this article?
Do you think my kindergarten teachers had high heels in the toy area to see what boys would put them on?
Is it true that guys don't kiss girls they don't respect after she goes down on him?
Why does the silly myth that women attempt suicide more than men still exist?
why do i have anxiety, even though i understand it?
Have you ever had a dream about your favorite character/person?
Why is it that humans run?
Which measures would you say a country should take to help its poor?
What does it mean to dream about the same person every night?
Quiz to identify yourself?
Can lucid dreaming get you \stuck\ in a different world? How do you get out?
Does anyone else my age (25) have no ambition....?
Gs: is there a type of men/women that you don't find attractive at all?
Do you think of yourself as a good person?
On an attractiveness scale of 1-10, where is average?
How would you lead your life differently if you were born into the opposite gender?
Why do men say they can see me with a Wall Street guy or an athletic guy?
Why can't it be this way? Your thoughts on dreams?
science hypothesis for the question who is better at video games boys or girls?
What's going on with me?
You cannot live if you are always sleeping?
im scared of everything help please?
Is it normal for a woman to fear being sexually assaulted?
Help I think everyone thinks I'm ugly cause I'm oriental with wide-set eyes?
Why not suicide - explain slowly so I can comprehend?
feminism, from the mouth of a traditional male dating a \feminist\ female?
If you could erase one gender issue in the world forever, what would it be?
Do MRAs want equality in homelessness and suicide?
Is it strange to be the opposite of everyone else?
Why is there so much sexual violence against women in India?
How many push ups can you do in a row?
Who do you guys watch on youtube?
Do you think guys can be nice without trying to get in a girls pants?
I want to kill myself?
Does anyone else think that spanking is weird?
I dont know how to be happy?
I need help with grief, I've had great loss in my life and I want to heal.?
is the accent yet another reason for some western men to look for women from ukraine/russia?
Why is my friend so afraid of the dark?
is it happening again or am i just worried about it happening again?
Do you feel sorry teens that take sexual nude pictures of themselves to have it spread to everyone they know?
I was raped but people told me it was my fault. Why?
Easy brain tricks ?????????
What do you think about the site Ashley Madison? A site that encourages cheating?
What is a female way of dealing with stress, and what is a male way of dealing with stress?
Women, what is the male equivalent of a bikini shot?
Confused about Social Work?(PleaseHelp)?
Why do stores close early because of snow?
Is it fair for teenagers to be charged with child pornography for sharing sexy/nude pictures with others?
Mental alchemy ? Kybalion ?
Help!? Terrible fear of holes?? (No photos please?)?
Why do I struggle with hard feelings towards this person?
Do you think women should be allowed shirtless and braless in the same fashion as males and why or why not?
#ForeverWorthless Why should I care anymore?
Why do men apparently prefer these over the others?
Help me think of a topic for a paper on something to do with the brain (for 7th grade)?
How can I get him back?
How do I overcome my fear of heights?
Why can't I live my life normally ?
20 and in need of some wise advice?
Feminists: If society is so much harder on women, why are 85% of the homeless male? Why is suicide 5 times....?
In what other professions besides prostitution does the worker tend to be despised simply because they are...?
Is a Bachelor in Social Work and a Bachelor in Education worth it?
I am so tired of my stutter. Hear me out..?
My mom doesn't show me her emotions?
My girl will be gone for a total of 8 days?
What would make a man more upset, beating him up or light his car on fire?
Can you be autistic and not know it?
At this very moment in time?
Are humans naturally herbivores?
I'm so tired, but I can't close my eyes!?
If a woman hits a guy first, is he within his rights to hit back?
Who should be my valentine?
How to train yourself to have lucid dreams?
How to stop stuttering?
How do I stop thinking about this? This may sound weird but really it is starting to overtake my life?
Why do prostitutes, who are only trying to make men happy, get murdered so much?
I hate my family, and the thought of speaking to people?
Do you think capitalism is humane? 10 points?
How would a 13 year old kill them self quickly and painlessly?
what is the problem with a person if they're always falling into unrequited love?
Do you guilt yourself into a miserable life?
Do men ever think of the implications behind their arbitrary beliefs about women?
Do people really know what a criminal record means?
Where can I study wilderness survival?
Decimal vs Period in money?
Do you ever feel drawn to something?
I feel good about myself, but I feel bad? Unsure feelings?
Question for the men and women of GS?
Why do women act surprised when they find out I never want children?
Dream of being raped?!?
why are psychiatrists crazy?
I know this is mean...?
How Can I Keep My Life Dramatic?
killing little brother in my dreams?
Why do men complain about \women acting like men\ what kinds of things are they talking about?
How do you know if your mentally ill?
Life threatning, help me please?
Why is it so good when a girl likes me admiring her feet?
Women, what characteristics in men do you find attractive and unnattractive?
Someone help me I can't stop crying?
Does this make me really pathetic?
Would you date/break up with someone if they had a criminal record?
I recently had a Past Life experience,?
People tend to dislike me........or ignore me...?
What's your opinion of women with large and round bottoms?
What makes a person attractive in your eyes....?
if price falls from 200 to 150 what is the elasticity of demand over this range?
if i ate myself would i dissapear or become bigger?
Why do women get so angry when another woman shows her body?
Do we have complete control of ourselves?
Is resisting compulsions the way to beat OCD?
Why am I feeling so sad?
What if you found out your partner was born as the opposite gender?
If someone was fat and they kept eating unhealthy would you say something about it?
If you want to send a guy a s3xy video...?
Question on self harm?
Question about self harm?
Is this the mugshot of a child molester - what is she smiling about?
Do non-white men think getting a white girlfriend is an achievement?
Are you a bad person if you don't automatically hate and condemn people that sexually abuse children?
What were psychiatric wards like in the late 70s to early 80s?
How am I suppose to focus on school when feeling this way? Please answer?
Generally speaking, which country (list attached) has the least racist white population?
how can i get into the mental hospital?
What does it mean When you dream about a dead relative?
What is the most accurate archeological dating method?
Would you date a beautiful woman with this small catch?
Will a guy even appreciate s3xy pics if...?
Boys/Men: What the heaviest weight you can lift with no problem? (Note: ages 13 to 40)?
anxiety? how would you deal with this situation?
Devaluation of a currency occurs when which of the following happens?
weird dreams dreams dreams dreams dreams?
do i have somthing wrong with me?
Why do people who eat meat find it disgusting to butcher an animal?
How can I become fulfilled in life without love?
What does it mean to have polished shoes?
Aggregate expenditure in childrens literature or news article?
Do guys like Noah from The Notebook really exist?
Which of the following will happen in a country if a trading partner's economy experiences a recession?
What does this drawing represent?
can a psychologist no if your lieing?
Biology question of evolution (natural selection) - help?
How do you avoid placing other on a pedestal?
Why are people so sensitive?
Will the economy ever fully recover?
What Shapes Humans Socially more their Family or the experience of Going to School?
Dream about my dog? Help?
Does extreme weather scare you?
As a man have you ever been abused by a woman?
Why do i always have weird dreams?
How can I stop this lie?
Is the Color Purple an accurate description of how black women were treated?
what is wrong with me?
How to talk to people naturally?
The smarter I get the happier I am?
Was scarecrow (Batman) a psychologist or psychiatrist?
Is it just me or is any other man unable to relate to this?
Women are not the prize, men are?
What does my dream mean (tornadoes)?
Hey guys a little help with advice?
Kinda a weird situation.I really don't understand what he's thinking ? Does he want sex?
are my dreams telling me the truth?
What will stop watching porn do for me?
Ladies, what if you found out your bf has been with a prostitute?
Why are women so much more attractive than men?
I had a dream and I got this girls number. I remembered the number when I woke up.?
Would you support discouragement of displaying happiness in any extreme way?
GS ladies: Would you be with someone who thinks that \a woman's body belongs to her husband\?
Women and policing... not seeing it.?
Would you train yourself to avoid looking at the opposite sex with desire?
Had anybody experienced a loud clock going off after midnight?
Why does losing your virginity have to be so special?
Where do MRAs get the idea that feminists hate men?
What is hyper-masculinity - what is that?
If your very wealthy friend offered you a million dollars, would you accept it?
Are women who cover up their bodies respectable?
Why my life full of bad luck and failure?
What should I do as a woman to have??
Interview for a psychologist online!?
Why did this happen and what was it?
where does this hatred of men and masculinity come from?
Is women watching porn more frowned upon than men watching porn?
What does this dream mean?
Women - If you were cheated on, which one of these two reasons will hurt you more?
is most porn directed at for men or women or neutral?
Why do I get confrontational when I'm on my period?
Should you nurture a child or should the child grow up through nature?
How long does i take to forget your first love?
why do I judge people always so fast?
how do i tell my family that i'm suicidal? should i go to therapy?
Am I better off staying single as a woman if I don't?
Does the fact that i name my cars with male names and never female say something about my personality?
Is there a term for someone who worries when they don't do something productive?
Help with topic: Who you were, who you are, and who you would like to be?
for some reason ive been getting superstition thoughts in my mind, any advice on how to get rid of them?
Men: What would you do if you woke up and found this on your bed?
Is the PC way gender is taught today all about neutralization of maleness?
What good archaeology universities are there in Europe?
Do men who wish to date only East Asian women have to face a lot of competition?
Will I regret not going to prom?
what does this dream mean?
Are women gonna get more successful than men?
I'm not motivated?
Why is male rape/molestation taken less seriously than female rape/molestation.?
I keep on having the same nightmare every night. What does it mean?
What if a doctor did a psych analysis on someone, then told them this?
Why are White people less nosy than Mexicans?
How can i live my life again?
Do men or women have a harder time letting go of grudges and forgiving?
Why is it okay for men to be desparate and not women?
How can I improve myself? Big 5 personality test I did?
Do you think it's trashy to be walking around in your bra while friends are over?
Do you think the light vs. dark issue in the black community stems from slavery?
How can the knowledge of psychology change my life and those around me ?
How much money do we have to pay?
Do i need help? i would be grateful for any advice.?
Is it true we have not unlocked our full potential of our brain?
How bad is the immigration problem in Europe?
GS: In what way do women \act like men these days\?
what does not work as well as you would like it to work?
what does not work as well as you would like it to work?
Are Australian women considered to be 'western women' too?
What are feminists arguing for?
what country is it in which the non-western women who like being courted by western family men reside?
What makes a man abuse a woman physically and mentally?
What causes a man to become a serial cheat?
How has feminism influenced or effected the black community?
Why do anti-feminists say things like this?
How many people are feminists or pro-feminism here?
Are debates between feminists and anti-feminists pointless because they are not arguing the same points?
What could this dream mean?
Im confused about a dream and i need help!?
Who said 'Some men see things as they are, & say Why? I dream things that never were & say Why Not'?
How many people recognize themselves as anti-feminist here?
Why do some people think that families should?
why are \western women\ viewed as so threatening and intimidating by some men?
I keep dreaming of the same girl who I have never met?
What do you think is the main cause of ethnocentrism?
Which banks usually borrow money from the central bank at a prime rate?
should people be forced to stay in marriages/relationships - why/why not?
I read a creepypasta, can't go to sleep?!?
Is feminism a pro-marriage, pro-family movement ? how so?
Do women have to do everything?
very scary experience when falling asleep! can anybody help?
I need a picture making fun of beauty standards?
Having kids and raising them like single mothers?
Are men terrified of women's sexual power?
Why do MRA speak out about protests against them (even though they are legal) but?
Are love songs directed towards women just a reflection of what men want?
how is feminism used as a secular devil in mra arguments?
What did I do????????,,,?
Does the the oppression of women stem largely from men’s desire for power?
Urgent ..Please Help?
A question for the younger women? 22 and under?
Is needless consumerism ruining America?
Can a \spanking fetish\ be \spanked \out of a person who has one?
Has the excessively critical attitude towards feminism destroyed the credibility of the MRAs?
How do traditional conservatives promote family cohesiveness?
Is forensic pathologist a difficult job?
Examples of a conditioned and unconditioned stimulus?
I had this great dream and want it again?
If a guy said he loved eating girls out, and she didnt have to do anything back, is that be a good pickup line?
Why does my father act this way? When I tell him one of his employees is doing something wrong?
How to become active in life?
Is their a word for such behaviour in psychology?
Why do some females act like they can't control their eating?
What do you think of a parents who give their children the options of religion or being put out?
What's wrong with holding a grocery list in hand while shopping inside a supermarket?
How come feminism never promotes Love, Kindness & Mercy?
Why was America the land of opportunity?
Do I have commitment issues?
Why do people care so much about celebs photoshopping their instagram pictures?
How is online MRA not propaganda?
Nightmare and how to stop it?
How can I stop over-thinking about philosophical things ? I'm getting anxious?
How is feminism responsible for tearing families apart?
Why are there so few men in nursing and teaching?
Why do people support abortion?
The difference between a feminist woman and a non-feminist woman?
names of some modern women who stood up against society and said no to anything?
How do traditional conservatives help women?
Fiancé anger problems due to the Marines?
whats the best thing to do when someone lowers your self esteem?
whats the best thing to do when someone lowers your self esteem?
Is it normal to feel emotionally exhausted everyday?
Get over the fear of talking to new people?
help!!!!!! i am writing a research paper on ocd in psychology class..?
Why do some guys say all girls are annoying?
Dream of being flown in a very fast airplane?
Do you have a hormonal imbalance? Do you know anyone who does?
Has religion limited, and/or brought back the development of our civilisation?
Are feminism supporting ab0rtion for conveniences?
I hate my job. I was forced back into an industry I can't stand, public transportation?
Is this guy bipolar or something?
Lets try this again for the remedial people out there....Generalizations are a good thing?
Why are people still fall into logic traps and is this insanity?
White men, do you like curvy women?
What is the meaning behind this dream? ANSWER MINE AND I WILL ANSWER YOURS!?
Why is Iran is against feminism but have more women graduates?
Why do anti-lifers always try to change the subject when they have no moral ground to stand on?
Do ladies who say they dislike other ladies because they're catty/superficial feel that way?
how to stop these repitive thoughts?
I feel like a nobody and ready to give up because of my mental disorders?
How do I free people's minds from feel good political correctness?
I am scared to start drawing again?
Is this weird about me?
Should men and women be seen as equals?
Discuss how far sociologists would agree that inequality based on gender is the most significant form of?
Do you find it hard to care about others?
so what if men are better than women...?
Men, do you like this woman?
Which country has the least poverty?
Are women born feminists or is that something they need to be programed with?
help with eating disorder?
I was wondering, when you are on Yahoo Answers, do you look at the profiles?
can someone please motivate me?
How to comfort a recovering alcoholic?
are most men attracted to wide hips on women?
are there any men or women at Yahoo?
People who says \it is what it is\ so often in almost every sentence of their speech?
Please tell me should i commit suicide?
Female character added to The Desolation of Samug as a result of feminist pressure?
Why do feminists try to paint anti-feminists as opposing women's rights?
Why do I start forgetting things?
Another Psychology question- Behavior?
Homemaker difficulty against modern time?
examine the reasons for the decrease in death rates since 1900?
Why do some people feel sorry for women who commit paternity fraud?
Why do they like me now and not then?
Men, how large should a woman's hips be?
Is a mother a deadbeat if she sleeps with random guys and refuse to take of the baby?
Insomnia is REALLY bad lately?? I need to sleep...help?
Do we (as a person and not as a species) have limits? Please read the details..?
Psychology Question- LEARNING?
Dreaming about my ex?!!!?
Dream interpretation: I have recurring dream of my home getting burnt by gas cylinder?
Having Suicidal thoughts?
What’s the biggest personal change you’ve ever made?
What emotional time in your life?
If divorce and having children out of wedlock are one of the leading causes of poverty?
What is something that you do that is not rooted?
why feminist tell \all women are beautiful\ but all men are fat and ugly?
How important or trivial a factor is diet in a man woman realtionship?
So it seems that women have less physical attraction to the average male than...?
what is the weridest/strange dream you ever had?
If your loved one was diagnosed with a terminal disease?
If you could be the opposite gender for a day would you and what would you do?
I think he tried to kill me?
I am not able to overcome anxiety since a long time. my friends are no longer on?
What would be an appropriate figure in this law suit - another botched circumcision?
Losing virginity in a one night stand?
Why do almost ALL \scientific studies\ claim women are better than men at certain things?
What impacts do information systems today have on society?
How do I get over circumcision....?
How many times does a human being fall in love?
Why do younger people have a hard time commiting?
Jealousy and hate among women?
Is a man saying he doesn't like breast implants like a woman saying she doesn't like bad boys?
Why guys behave like that to women?...?
Isn't it crazy to think how much life will change in a few years?
how do make myself \need a man\?
Feeling really lonely of late feeling lost and blank too?
How can people be a vegeterian?
Can one have a happy life being alone?
is there such a thing as \inadvertently flirting\?
Why are women deficient as compared to men in terms of logical thinking?
Why do you think the news media likes to bash men?
why this? only one girl can study in a full of boys class room?
Men, is a little chubby a turn off?
Should there be female marines if they can't even do 3 pull ups?
how to influence audience especially in Movies?
will this route make a qualifie me as a social worker?
Help with this science question?
How are men depriving women of reaching equality?
Am I. a sociopath . . ?
Why am I narrow-minded?
What's your opinion of people who smoke?
Why am I narrow-minded?
Why am I narrow-minded?
Why am I narrow-minded?
Is this a example of circular logic?
impose on bf's shortsightedness?
Why do guys tell me they can see me with a Wall Street guy or athletic guy?
Why is it okay for breasts to be big on women?
Really feel like killing myself?! What do I do?
how is japan able to balance the budget at 200% gdp while the u.s. cannot?
How are psychopath and sociopath difference?
Why is it important to study the funerary archaeology of the Romans?
Chris Brown: Have you ever thought about his side of the story?
Help me understand this?
Using Psychology to Make Me Quit?
What is the main implication of Ferdinand Tonnies concept on these book to our study of communities today?
Please explain me why do I find her so attractive all of a sudden?
whats the importance of equality?
What u mean by a civic society?
what does I mean to dream that someone lent me their motorbike ??? ......... and?
Why are feminists generally so hostile towards men?
What happens to a man if this is never addressed?
I keep on having flashbacks, vivid ones and sudden... It's so depressing...?
How does a person feel after being raped or molested?
How can I cope with having to move back home.?
What technological innovations helped promote global exploration and interaction?
how do you develop your superego?
HELP WITH A LEVEL SOCIOLOGY QUESTION ?
what do boys hate about girls the most?
Why do most feminist look like men?
how urbanisation affects agriculture?
How to get rid of the feeling of loving someone or wanting to love someone ? What is true love ?
How common are this type of feminists?
aren men intimidated by successful women?
Can anyone recommend good introductory books on feminism?
Is it a priviledge to never be questioned or judged?
Conversations with women on the phone help!!!!?
How many of you (men/women) dropped out of college?
I used to dress like a complete slut and I was a Virgin until I was 21?
how can I stop being sick?
GS Folks: Is Healthcare a human right?
Can anyone recommend me good, active feminist and LGBT blogs/sites?
Why did feminists propose taxes for being a man?
What are the effects of globalisation on indian agricultue and indian industries?
If Affirmative action was implemented for men,?
What could this dream mean pls help me!?!?!?
Why are there so many euphemisms for overweight women?
Macroeconomics - If the government were to reduce spending, what would be the impact on national income?
Why do women tend to shoot themselves in the head while men tend to shoot themselves in the chest?
Circular Flow of Income - Numbers Don't Add Up?
Is it better to marry a rich woman or a poor woman?
Should we start shaming men for more things since we're as close to \equality\ as it gets?
Will the attractiveness between both genders diminish?
can somebody help me with this?
What immature behaviour do you hate most?
Are individualist people such as Europeans less ethnocentric then collectivistic people such as Jews?
What are ten things you'd need to use an emergency fund for?
why so many guys pretend as girl and tell they are le-se-bi-an on GS?
When is it okay to use sexist generalizations?
Women: what kind of behaviour from other women towards you, annoys you the most?
Why do I feel depressed and alone all the time?
Is the beauty industry a tool by powerful men to oppress women?
Have I seen an angel in my dream and what does it mean?
I talk to myself a lot am I crazy?
feminists, why can't you be more like this feminist?
How do I control stress dreams?
What are some places to meet attractive women since I now have a job?
depressed and suicidal help?
Do you think feminists can sue against Hardees for having sexualized commercials of women?
How long does 2011 seem to you?
Do some women just get pregnant for welfare benefits?
how to develop sense of humor?
How do therapists differentiate between people who CAN'T and people who simply DON'T WANT?
Women: What would you do if a girl is trying to steal your man from you?
Do you think feminists can sue Hooters and win for sexualizing women?
This feminist wants to reduce the male population to 1%. Do you agree?
how to get ego?? plz don't misuderstand!!!?
dreaming about going to work in pajamas?
Can Abilify cause mood swings?
What is the current crisis faced due to non-renewable resources?
what is the meaning behind my dream?
I'm having weird dreams and keep thinking about him?
Going out into public places scares me, but seeing a ghost doesn't?
I dreamed that I drown to death?
Why girls and women only look for money in a guy?
Mankind needs some commonalities for them to coexist,?
What does it mean when someone you now looks exactly like someone else you know?
Please answer; still love my ex even though he treated me badly, fell pregnant lost my baby - depressed?
Getting abused at work?
procrastination issues?
Can I focus on my studies w/out maintaining a relationship w/ my mum?
Why do I feel so hurt after my ex deleted me off Skype?I thought I was over him...am I not?
Can someone tell me what this dream mean?
Do guys get jealous of girls too?
how to be a forensic pathologist?
Help with topic: Who you were, who you are, and who you would like to be?
Is there something wrong with me if I get turned on by rape?
Why am I dreaming about my boyfriend leaving me and then waking up at a particular time?
transition from miserable to happy - is it even possible?
What could my dream mean? I promise 10 points?
Why would an insecure person dress provocatively?
When you were a young adult (16 through later teens), did it ever sound weird to you...?
Did Karl Marx believe love is possible under capitalism in a way which is not solely economically determined?
How is it possible for people to think that they are more 'attractive' than they are?
Can someone interpret my deam ?
What Does It Mean When You Dreamed About A Girl You Like ?
Have you ever dreamed you were swimming in a river of snakes?
Is the most interesting man in the world also the sexiest man in the world?
does anyone know a website that has professional psychology tests that have questions like that?
why do i like the warmth and pressure of another living being?
Is it ok to think another man is attractive?
Are there natural ways to cope with anxiety?
Why do women tend to shoot themselves in the chest while men tend to shoot themselves in the head?
Explain Psychophysics in sensation and perception?
Are males or females more likely to think that they're more physically attractive than they really are?
plz plz plz need help with this dream cant get it out of my mind at all can someone interpret??
Why do women hate me?
Why am I am unable to understand the grave consequences that's just right that in front of me?
How do you comfort someone who thinks they're worthless?
Dream about Deity/Goddess meaning?
Need advice about self harm?
Do you think that the bar for what is considered attractive for males should be lowered?
How many babies do you've?
I want to be invisible. is that bad?
Is it true women in an office setting will sync-up periods or is it a coincident all the women in my office...?
Why do I always dream about dead people?
Why is political correctness so important these days?
I hate my life and can find were i fit without being hated?
Why do women never respect men below their status?
What is wrong with people? Just because I am a woman, they consider me a psycho because of my interests, why?
What will happen to Feminism if the male gender ratio sinks too low?
Does it annoy you when people say that they have OCD?
What is up with this dream!?!?
Why have I been like this?
How long has depression been around?
What is not a Hero? (Negation)?
How do women feel when they give their number to a guy, but he never bothers to call or text?
Is being introverted a psychotic symptom?
How do WW2 pilots dropping bombs that killed civilians don't feel much guilt as opposed to ground troops?
What is the socialist view on the family/family unit?
why am i obsessed with taking pictures of myself, Help?
Do billionaires actually have all that money?
battleing with my mind?
Dream about my Father stabbing me?
i am tired of my life and wife too?
GS: do you by chance know if some animals can take \care\ of little children?
Almost robbed in my dream?
How do lesbians date,form a relationship etc.,.?
Is it a compliment or an insult to tell someone that...?
I'm 15 and i feel really lonely?
Does my western friend hope by reading my mind?
Reconstruct the life of girl child in 19th century in india.........?
Need help interpreting a sex dream?
Cannibalism Phobia Legitimate?
Why do people give introverts a hard time?
what will be the petrol price in india by 2020?
What's the most scariest experiance in your life?
Why are guys so selfish with time?
What does boys think about the girl's mens?
Are you more likely to agree with an answer if their avatar is a cute animal?
What should I do? Should I ignore this? PLEASE HELP?
Why the new generation is not hard working as the previous one?
What does it mean when you earned a \B\ in a social science or humanities subject in college?
I'm dying, I don't have energy for anything?
what do you do when you don't seem to \fit in\ anywhere, with any people?
Am I mean for keeping her alive?
what makes life difficult for you, and how do you deal with it, if you do so?
Fed up with how unimaginative and apathetic everyone is?
how many pets reside in you home?
Is this depression??
What do you keep your focus centered on so as not to be distracted?
Am I a hypocrite? Please Read...?
Have you ever rejected someone due to their s*xual history?
Why so I feel sad and depressed?
What does it mean if a girl won't date a guy because?
Why he keeps appearing in my dreams?
Why are my feeling so strong?
What you got when all you got is hurt ?
Why are land whales (fat women) surprised when their spouses cheat on them?
Should I Seek mental help serious answers please?
Can I use this as an example of Operant Conditioning?
Is it bad that i talk to myself at night..?
Whatever you imagine, can make your life brand new ?
How Do You React When You See Something On TV That Offends You?
Do you think its weird/greedy of me to ask for $3000 from my Dad since he never paid child support (PLZ READ)?
Why I said: woman, then is then, but now is now don't you know a god man is hard to find?
My bf dreamt of my dead grandpa whom he had never seen before?
I'm so afraid of falling in love again is anyone else?
How can I stop feeling so nervous and anxious around attractive blonde women?
How to expose a sociopath?
Should I throw out my pepper spray? Can I really be in trouble for it?
Has standard for a gamer got lowered to Angry Bird level so that women can be gamers too?
What does it mean if a guy won't date a girl because?
How do you define Success? And can success be defined as achieving happyness?
How would you feel if you found out your girlfriend used to date a man almost twice her age?
What is your favourite video game and gaming system?
Assisted suicide in australia.?
how do you find women who can tolerate the smell of pee?
Someone mentioned a dream ... just wondering what the concept is of this dream:?
how do you find women who can tolerate the smell of pee?
What is wrong with me?
How to solve inability to feel excited about upcoming events?
Have you ever had a lucid dream?
Who founded the ALD Symposium?
What is an example of a Microsocial norm?
GS: What is your opinion of the domestic violence situation with the woman who took the bloodied selfie?
Brothers, do you feel more respectful towards women who wear head coverings?
gs: Are there any \alts\ here?
Why do people ask such personal questions here?
How to not overthink ?
why would someone keep posting their shoe size in questions and answers?
Are bigger women and smaller men unattractive by default?
is this a joke or a fact?
What's the difference between being bipolar and having anxiety?
Why do I smile if I lie?
why Cant I Let Go Of The Past its 2014 not 2012?
Why do men think it's okay to approach women at night?
Should a man change his taste in women?
I had a dream my school was on lock down because there was an intruder?
what are things people do for negative attention?
Did you know, the most complicated aspect of a Game degree?
who can help me with my dreams?
I hate kids, so what?
Do men think sexual assault is funny?
Why do men say gaming isn't a place for women?
If a man is using a woman and treats her and her feelings with complete carelessness..?
How come women are expected to cook at home but find it hard to get respect as chefs?
Do you, or anyone you know, really care about the color of your prospective lover's hair?
Should people who verbally abuse innocent people be physically retaliated against if they don't apologize?
Sometimes I feel as if being overly nice to everyone is just a role i play to cope with my emptiness?
what does it mean when you dream about a girl you know?
I want to be happy? But I can't?
Why are feminists against gamers using the term r@pe?
Is there something inherently hypocritical about being the father of a daughter ?
Pregnant and weird dream Help?
whats a great way to torture someone?
Can you insult someones beliefs, yet still respect them?
Do most men like big thighs?
Do many feminists have racist tendencies but try so hard to cover them?
why are women allowed to hit men even with weapons?
I'm thinking about suicide?
why not assume that attraction to women from various countries or races is just a preference?
When do you know you love a girl for sure ?
He wants to commit suicide?!?
Do normal Middle Aged men find teenage girls pretty?
why do females tell males that they are not allowed to hit them but complain when they don't step in?
jealousy among women?
Is there any social event things in falkirk?
Why do people sometimes smile when they are angry?
What would you do if you were in my shoes?
Should i have listened to my mom about joining the Navy?
How can i feel better about life after rape?
If being Childfree and getting sterilized young is so \bad\?
Men, what is it that you want to be liked for?
Why do I get scared so easily?
feminists, what patriarchal laws exist today in the uk/us?
I have social anxiety to a point and shy somewhat?
Are big hips just as attractive as big breasts?
Does this finger digit ratio stuff really mean anything?
Why do I get so violent when I'm angry?
Do I have some kind of commitment issues?
Should I be worried of child's lack of grief over dead pet?
What are your opinions on this quote?
What does my weird dream mean?
Do all East Asians have epicanthic folds?
What can I do about my anxiety!?
If an ancient animal evolved into something else...does that mean that this ancestor is extinct?
Why do people feel entitled to date people of an attractiveness level they themselves aren't on?
What do you think of this dating site experiment?
Which of the following will increase the demand for loanable funds in a country?
Scared to give a speech in front of my crush?
Why do I have this feeling like I'm being watched when I'm in the center of the room?
Is it good for a woman to have 40 inch hips?
Why do men think they can't do wrong?
Your life is filled with synchronicity?
Men - Why do some of you do this to women you don't know?
Is there such a thing as a surgery to change your race?
Who is more likely to be single in their 30's men or women?
why dont i feel any emotions ?
Women what would you think of a guy who started dating at 25 years old?
When is Self-Defense Permitted?
Laugh when mad what the heck is wrong with me?
I feel like I am suicidal. what to do?
Anything to give me nightmares?
Multiple penises dream?
Men, do you like pear shaped women?
Arguing with yourself is normal, right?
Why do I fall for guys who give me tons of attention?
Any Ideas of what could be wrong with my sister?
keep having the same nightmare. what does it mean !?! i cant scream?
Why are women more vulnerable to bickering and gossip then men?
Any Ideas of what could be wrong with my sister?
How do I get over them?
Why was this sex so great?
Why do women love you more when you have a girlfriend?
gs: can you name countries that you'll never want to live in?
Are there double standards during sex?
Who agrees that fantasising about sex is way better than doing it?
What is a person's illness if he/she has imaginary friends at the age of 30?
Why don't people commit suicide?
Is there any correlation between women having wide hips, and being ditsy?
I don't think anyone really knows the purpose of their excistence?
How do you guys normally deal with being around condescending people?
Americans: What do you think of Asian Americans?
How do you communicate if common grounds and interests are the basis of your foundation in conversations?
my life is boring, please helppppp?
Why didn't he call like he said he would? Was he really not into me?
Why is it that women who don't need men to be confident to retain their attraction to those men...?
Could R1(a) among some American aboriginal people come from Western Europe?
Why do I CONSTANTLY dream about my ex?
Men, do you think Christina Hendricks is overweight?
Love my girlfriend but cannot stand her laziness and dirtiness. What should I do?
what can I do for Monday plz answer fast?
Why can't people understand how tormenting OCD is?
why are people who have obvious negative personality traits more popular then those who are genuine?
Why am I so traumatized even though I was able to get away each time?
When people remove themselves from an alcoholic's life is it more for themselves then for the drinker?
Why do women say that men could not endure the pain of child birth, when there are things more painful...?
Are young girls taught to keep their higher sex drives hidden?
Am I infatuated with this person?
Lie or no lie: Guy that loves me stops talking to me for 4 days because he said he was depression?
What's the point of women doing squats?
What was this awful dark and doom feeling dream about? (10 points)?
Do some guys think it's actually alright to do this to girls ?
do you still stall sometimes when you drive?
Why do i feel like this ?
What sort of personality is best suited for life, and all its struggles?
What does this dream mean ?
Why do I always dream of people I have never met or seen before?
How do I get organized and become productive?
Do you think the woman in this ad looks like a total girlie girl or would you take her as a proper woman?
What makes a person worry about everything that is going wrong or could go wrong?
Men, what would the age of consent be?
how can i feel better about life after rape?
how long would I need counselling/cbt for?
Everyone else's life is so much better than mine..?
What would be a good minor, or maybe double major, for anthropology?
I am in a very Embarrassing Situation !?
What does it mean if a person is in your dream?
gs: do you agree that \younger men\ prefer \older women\ and older guys: younger girls?
Is it any less wrong when a middle-aged/adult person sleeps with someone under 16...?
my husband always wants me to take his side?
How do I get one of those Yahoo Answers cartoon avatars?
Is it possible to have more than one OCD type?
Is it too early to go to bed?
why do people have sex?
What happens when we die?
Do you actually know what rape is?
Women, how well do you remember things..?
Craziest experience while being drunk ?
i know you can interfere with a person's dreams, can you do the same with a dog?
is telling someone about my feelings bad?
Can someone tell me what this dream means?
How can you tell if an older man is interested?
what does it mean when u fall ot cant talk in a dream?
How do I make out correctly?
What does it mean to dream about kissing someone with a metal wired mouth?
Why are there more single males than females when there are more females in the world than males?
help with my anxiety and dreams.?
Is it shocking when a celebrity has to go to rehab for an eating disorder?
In your experience, are men or women more likely to take things to heart?
I hate myself I think I'm depressed?
is the model kendall walters a man or women?
Describe speed dating to an alien?
Is it stalking if a woman does it?
Which of the following in NOT a universal moral value OR norm that Anthropologist have found in all human grps?
Gs: Why are cats associated with \anti-social\ people?
How do I make out? Please help!?
Which aspects of Mill’s defence on Subjection of women still seem relevant today?
Weird thing to say to me? Aren't all guys into sex?
I'm going on 21 and still don't know what to do with my life. Advice please?
Are you a quiet person or do you talk a lot?
Why dont women collect models?
I like setting things on fire but I get real jumpy?
Would you rather date a 5 foot tall woman or a 5 foot 5 tall woman?
Phycology: Can someone get fake symptoms of a disease if stressing about it?
Can someone decipher this dream?
Why do women think I'm good looking but I don't think I look good?
Fingernail clippings in my office?
Someone please tell me why I am flipping out over this?
Why do women read gossip magazines?
is this what mania feels like?
Straight/gay/bi women: how do I get girls to stay?
Why can't I cry, need advice?
What are some good site that I can learn from evolution?
My brother may have a learning disability? Help!?
Why do I get bored with everything so easily?
As a parent or friend, would you want to be left a suicide note?
Do humans really need a sexual release ?
GS: When was the last time you ate celery?
Why is it that only older men and women seem to have a problem with trolls...?
Which gender is more likely to move out of their parents house during early adulthood?
Is being an Unsensitive person a bad thing?
Women- Poll: Which of these types of guys do you prefer?
Do you feel like you've become a different person since you learnt about feminism?
How do dream catchers work ?
Is finding yourself a choice?
I need help with my life?
I had a sex dream about my friends boyfriend...?
I'm burnt out and don't know what to do? I'm slowly dying?
I'm burnt out and don't know what to do? I'm slowly dying?
Is Monogamy a Feminist Invention?
define distrubution level?
Why do anti feminists complain about feminism?
I'm so shy and it's ruining my life?
Has GS termonolgy and lingo trickled to your language outside GS/internet?
is it bad to stay in a lot?
How would you relate Muhammad Ali's life to Anthropology?
i think i might be a sociopath?
Why do I feel the need to constantly start fresh?
Why is it that I am so incredibly BORED?
Can a woman raise a boy to be a man?
Should we lower the standard for females to make a 'gender neutral' military?
Am I in the wrong here?
Why these people so judgmental towards This poor girl ?
Why does my mind work like this?!! Help?!!?
Why do peole say that it's none of their business..?
what should I do about this?
Why is my nan saying this to me?
what is wrong with one of my co workers ?
how far family are less important in modern industrial society?
How is it that a policy of discrimination against men, constitutes equal rights for women?
How would you feel if your 23-year-old daughter was dating a 40-year-old man?
If you could go back in time and visit your younger self?
what does this dream mean?
Where can I find a sponsor?
What if a girl doesn't remember her own name?
How long can women tolerate?
I'm always depressed.?
GS: what do you consider \the west\?
What do you do when you just can't clear your head of thoughts?
My mom makes me feel insecure?
Are you a very fast talker?
What if a girl doesn't remember her own name??
Gender Studies - What do you do when your S/O goes away on business in the dead of winter?
Is feminism part of the one world ecumenical movement?
What Is reverse sexism?
I had a dream I had sex with a married man? what does this mean?
An Apology to the YA! Community?
Would people even care about Paul Walker even he had been 300 pounds and ugly?
What does MRA stand for?
I couldn't see when I stood up? Plz answer?
hes everywhere and its a worryingfeeling, i just cant stop wanting him more than the times i wish stoic?
Which's the best advert (commercial) you've ever seen?
if I was slave to a woman what would I do?
im 19yrs old and homeless?
Why do eccentrics get more respect and acceptance in the big city than in the country?
What's your opinion about guys like \Rooshv\ (description below...)?
im 19yrs old and homeless?
Why did I start forgetting things?
Can my expedition group be a community?
What would you prefer?
Why do I feel mad all of a sudden?
Why does Affirmative action still help women in jobs, if men were most severely affected by the recession?
Why do different things arouse different people?
Why do different things arouse different people?
GS: Where do you see yourself in the year 2030?
Pleasee someone explain why you think he did this?
Is the problem the male body or is it women?
What would you do if this happened to you in a modeling interview?
Is suppressing your emotions dangerous?
Have you ever noticed the more ignorant a person is?
Participants wanted participants for an exciting psychological research study?
True or False: If a person's sexual needs are being met by their partner, they should have no need...?
How Do I get over the fear of breaking a bone?
We are being haunted by a little girl who has recently become violent to my Partner . What should we do?
Are women more vindictive than men?
GS: Is a \melting pot\ a good thing? Or is multiculturalism better?
Is it weird to be fascinated to Serial Killers?
Is it improper I meet up with a guy?
How come a man's scorned is not comparable to a woman's scorned?
Is it patriarchal and oppressive to dress your male child in blue and your female child in pink?
Can someone explain the evolution of the human brain to me?
Is it condensending to claim one knows media images are not real, but others are incapable of seeing that?
Why is that when men sing about relationships they focus on women being the center of attention?
GS: Is it logical for someone to hate Western culture just because it's not like their own?
Is it possible to have a phobia of sleepovers?
What lesson did you learn from the opposite sex?
Are most American women really that bad?
Why do I feel so lonely?
What Could My 3 Dreams Relate Too?
Why do i worry so much about ridiculous things?
Is there such a thing as hell have no fury like a man's scorned?
What can I do... Im blocked, I just wanna die?
How could She convince him not to show people a picture?
Does it mean anything when you dream about your boyfriend every night?
whats it like being a forensic psychologist?
Do teenage boys have a hard time getting under a girls skin but girls can easily get under a boys skin?
Are there any things you are physically insecure about?
Was this considered as a catfight/juice fight?
At what level of gas price will keep people working in the oil fields ?
Are slimmer women more feminine?
Have you ever been accused of being a faker?
Talent doesn't mean innate ability?
what do dreams of pregnancy and death mean?
People running away from me why?
Can you help me to analyse my face?
What is reverse sexism?
Is being able to show emotions without being ridiculed for it, a privilege that society only gives to women?
Why, do you suppose, don't SOME people recognize that media-created \role models\, ...?
Why, do you suppose, don't SOME people recognize that media-created \role models\, ...?
How to improve my life and make it better?
i have a feminine face what should i do?
what is a confounding variable?
I'm going to be evaluated at court, I don't want to take medication though.?
What do peopl from different parts of the U.S think of each other? also what do people think of Coloradans ?
I feel so sexually frustrated as a muslim man, what should I do?
why does playing with matches feel good ?
Who has a technical, IT, or physical job where to know a lot of girls from to balance social circle?
Are men very stupid when it comes to women, but women are smart when it comes to men?
Do people with Asperger's have a high suicide rate?
Why does humor exist? When was the last time that you saw a bunch of dogs telling jokes?
I know it's going to end in heartbreak, but I'm in love?
Why does society in general seem very keen to promote the idea that men need women, but not vice versa?
Do American women really take an interest to British men?
List and explain three theory in psycology?
Men, do you like pear shaped women?
Feeling alot of hate right now?
GS: In your opinion, do young celebrities have an obligation to be good role models to children?
I need help with my life?
Can a person suddenly become a sociopath?
Can u love somebody know 4rm social network to the extend of marring the person?
Can yo became a new you after having a bad experience in your life?
Why can females hit males but males cant hit back?
dream about a very scary ghost?
Why are there more songs by male singers expressing their love for women?
i had a dream about my high school friends, does that mean i miss them?
How can I stop comparing my boobs with other women's?
Would you rather be rich and have a ok social life, or be in middle class with a strong social life?
How do you live life?
Dreams about...? What could it mean?
Crow and sun dream..please help!?
Serious Question? Why is it so difficult to work with women?
What's going on with my Brain?
What does my dream mean?
Dream about brakes not working?
Why can't I watch a film with my boyfriend without them showing naked women?
I need help with Lucid Dreaming?
Should I worry about what did the doctor tell me about daily masturbation?
Why do women and men do this for each other?
I want some productive books about human psychology! Any suggestions?
hi, so I had this dream that I was getting chased by lots of caterpillars, kinda wierd ik!?
is it the same data administration and data administrative?
Depersonalization and derealization!!!!! how to get out of this?
Men, would you date a girl who is a little chubby?
A dream my crush tried to kill me?
Can these/Mine Economic , Social thesis be correct?
..........................Am I a lesbian??
Do i have a school phobia?
How can I have an honest discussion about something that matters to me?
Wtf. How am I supposed to handle this without?
why most girls get so angry when guys are playing Call of Duty?
How can I possibly be happy...?
Working in private hospital ?? become like a dream?
Do most men only like slim women?
long lasting vivid dreams?
my dreams. what do they mean?
Why do men who murder people get so many marriage proposals from women?
Is this the most famous Yahoo Answers question of all time?
Smelling random thing...?
Why do we look at ourselves through the eyes of people that hate us?
Please help me about this common mistakes sentences.can you answer them?i need it hurry please?
How is it a sign of abuse if you approach two people in a heated, quiet, private conversation & you demand?
What are the traits of an abusive woman?
find it hard to get to sleep, any suggestions?
She is my office assistant. beautiful, intelligent. but lot of ego. she does not listen to me.?
What is wrong with girls and women wearing skimpy clothes?
What do these pregnancy dreams mean?
How do you feel on an icy cold night with a full moon and stars shining bright?
Which of these behaviours are instincitve and which are learned?
When did you realize that who you are on the inside doesn't matter in dating?
Women: Is this a deal breaker?
Is it possible to brainwash someone who has no brain?
Please help me everyone.?
What does it mean if someone is in your dreams alot?
Why do some men choose to impregnate multiple women instead of trying to compete against other men?
Is it an insult for someone to say I bet snakes like you too?
Keep dreaming about my ex girlfriend with her ex boyfriend.?
My thoughts about science?
How to relax my mind?
Why I can't get rid of this feeling of anxiety?
Don't you sometimes feel like punching a liberal in the face?
Is it true most women have screwwed people for favors in university?
How can I stop thinking about a bad exam ?
Why did I have a dream about a boy I used to like?
feminists, is \women and children first\ a sexist or outdated phrase?
What is the point of worrying about the \7 billion\ if most of these live in China, India and Africa?
any advice? feeling sad thanks?
Do you think societys' standard of grooming for both men and women is a double edged sword?
Who hates free speech the most out of these 3 groups?
The most beautiful dream ever? Help me!?
I am 16. not able to concentrate on studies. depressed. upset with life. help?
whats this dream about?
Feeling bad about myself constantly?
Will mother being a feminist result in discrimination for sons ?
Do women realise that only ~10% of men need to be happy?
It is possible to have same hallucination 2 or more times in a row?
Do doctors and nurses perform?
Are feminists anti male ?
why are some women get fear when we ask some help from them?
Are there really dangers in circumcision?
Does it make a moral difference if a woman has one abortion or ten?
I am right in feeling this way?
I HATE GOD, NOT BECAUSE OF ANGER BUT WITHOUT HOPE...........?
Are women becoming less and less attracted to men?
How Can I Learn to Control My Mind?
Do women prefer to be treated “traditionally” or with the same responsibilities as men?
He likes me but I don't want him?
A question for people with OCD?
do feminists care about the inequality between the genders regarding forced genital mutilation?
What does this dream mean?
Bank CEO incentives were a major factor in the credit crisis – critically discuss?
Could Neanderthal and a modern human made to produce an offspring?
Will men start groping me in public soon?
what is the opposite of hypnophobia/Somniphobia?
what does a dream about being raped mean?
Alcoholic bf I need help - Should I tell him how I feel or just leave him without a word?
Do I have anxiety and which kind?
What are ways to get to know yourself to a much deeper scale?
I turn 26 this year....?
Is monogamy really in human nature?
Why are gay men better looking than straight men?
Can you recommend a good psychology book focusing on human aggression/violence?
What is the Importance of social interaction for people with Dementia?
I really don't understand boundaries? Can anyone explain them?
Do you think my brother in law has a mental illness or just a deadbeat?
How many hot girls become temporary escorts?
Is it common to hate yourself, and believe you deserve to be punished?
What is the word for men who cannot get a woman?
Why do people like to put things in their bum I find it hard enough with things coming out of it?
Is there any relation between recent increse in rapes in India and easy availability of sex-videos?
Advice of unsuccessful people?
This is seriously irritating me. Help?
How to be more into mysel than co dependant on others?
Do you find that a lot of the crazy GS people talk like cartoon villains?
How come I can't exit the house in out of body experience?
How can I be more self focused and less uni other people?
PLEASE HELP! having trouble with my thoughts!?
Are feminists against standardized tests, especially when it can't be performed by women?
GS what do you wear on a typical day?
Why is it rape when you have sex with a drunk girl?
So, men who aspire to enlist for infantry fail to live up to any physical requirements?
why have people started ignoring me?
I'm terrified of most of the things in my bathroom and I need to get over it...?
how to die im stressed out?
Why would he try to find reasons?
Do women age ugly because they mask themselves in make up?
Effects of the Swiss franc being overvalued?
Do feminists seem themselves as compassionate?
Im suicidal and i do not know what i should do?
please help. very simple interest rate but i cant figure it out?
Why people say \take him a bath\?
What is more effective in determining human skin color, diet or climate?
How to break a bad habit? Please answer 10 points!!!!!?
I had a dream 2 yrs ago of one of my parents (deceased) showing me 4 cards.. What is the meaning of the cards?
Teenage sexual activity affecting education. Sociology, Psychology, or Anthropology?
How to get traumitizing images out my mind?
Please help me with a personal issue. Horrible thoughts, do't understand why they occur. Must fix soon!?
How can i control my dreams?
how can i control my dreams?
why do people think strength is something you need to be a successful soldier.?
What drug can make you unconscious for 5-6 hours and may lead to someone to have an oxygen mask on for support?
Dreaming about my ex bf?
this is me.WHY? (one crazy day lead to this rant)?
What is a bond??????
Does anyone ever feel this way???
is it normal to feel tired of life when things arent going your way?
Lucid Dreaming problem. Please help!?
Why do women usually start going to the gym in March?
Are koreans genetically related?
What will humans look like in 500,000 years?
Feeling for my counselor?
Is it possible that his soul and mines have already met in another life?
How do I find my passion?
Can someone help me forget something or to stop thinking about something?
Why do Western societies put so many women in the military when most of them can't even do 3 pull ups?
Why do i wake up to this song?
is it true that depressed people are more likely to remember their dreams?
What makes redheads good in bed?
Is sleeping one day and not sleeping the next day bad for you?
Question for those who plan on having kids...?
im at a dark time in my life and I don't know what to do.?
Why do I like being alone so much?
Is it normal to feel suicidal at times?
what is the proper term for fear of Aliens?
I really hate my life and I'm only 13 but I don't know if I can wait till it gets better?
Is it scary that I've been interested in sex since I was a kid?
I keep having dreams in which I believe I can teleport. Any reason?
Why doesn't he see the problem with this?
Intrusive thoughts are making me suicidal?
What if dreams are real life and real life are our dreams?
Anyone else think Wolf of Wall Street was too much of a Goodfellas knockoff?
who do you respect more people who commit suicide or people who commit murder and suicide?
Question about confidentiality in therapy?
My crush if affecting my grades?
I'm so stressed....??
Are Narcissists Good People?
How am I considered \sick\?
How do people get raped so easily?
how can some people can argue and take it to the extreme?
how can some people can argue and take it to the extreme?
How to trade $20 as a novice?
What is it that haunts you?
A Question About Respect?
Can a sociopath love someone else?
Why do I feel strangely empty inside?
I was a clingy kid always needing attention from my mom and not getting it - now I do the same with women?
The reason to stop playing games?
Men: Could you do this? (Women opinions are welcomed)?
would u choose a sexy women over a honest and loyal women to be with?
Why do so many women have some sense of entitlement?
Is he closet gay.......?
is it ever a waste to love someone?
Why was I doing this?
are you very judgemental?
Which country having better studies?
Is it ok if My whole Find Asians As Strange?
Frustrated with black people?
what makes some women believe all men are brutes just because there are some bad ones out there?
Am I still innocent...?
why do women confuse rap with hip hop?
Does Anyone Know Anything About Narcissists?
reaccuring dreams of plane crashing into me?
Is having a nightmare daily normal?
Things to control anxiety?
am i cool boreing funny awesome stupid good bad or what i dont know!? please give me your opinion?
What should I be when I grow up?
Is it really impossible to find a nice girl?
What were your inadequate moments growing up?
How is it that my girlfriend of 5 months can still make me blush when she flirts with me?
Why does everything fall apart and why does the whole world hate me?
Life is short, and I am wasting it away. What can I do?
My dreams are shaky and hazy?!?
Why does everything fall apart and why does the whole world hate me?
Methods of alcoholism treatment and their success rates?
If men and women have different senses of humor, why would that be?
Dreaming of the future ?
wouldnt the world be awesome if all the cool people had a LOT of confidence?
Why do some people hate quiet people?
What is this dream about?
How prevalent is radical feminism? To quote a feminist blog on sexual intercourse...this is shocking?
What should I do for my boyfriends 21st birthday?
Would you forgive them if you were in my shoes?
Why does he always make jokes about my non-existent boyfriend?
Why do I keep feeling terrified in my dreams?
Can you see future events in your dreams?
dreams about the devil?
Is it unhealthy for a woman to be thick and curvy?
Do people in undeveloped countries generally have a stress free and arguably better lifestyle?
What is this dream about?
What's the modern American Dream ?
Which gender is usually the 'therapist' in a relationship?
What can help me being less anxious?
Question for boob lovers or haters?
Is this the equivalent of a woman posting a bikini selfie?
Are tough women real or just a fantasy?
5 natural human instincts?
Why do you hate fat girl especialy guys?
Would you leave reality for a fictional world?
Help with my strange dream? What do u think it means?
Is a woman like this or the possibility for women to be like this fiction or reality?
Someone please help, I don't know what to do?
Is feminism about revenge?
Substance abuse counselor?
Why everytime i ask ghost question im all of a sudden mentally ill ?
Was this counted as fighting over the basketball?
Would you find your girlfriend unattractive if she gained 20 lbs?
I am 14 and I still have a speech impediment.?
Been Antisocial for awhile after graduation?
Why do girls run their hands through my hair?
Why does this keep happening?
I feel so bored with life lately?
Anxiety/panic attack help?
My dad wants me to be a doctor?
Women masturbation (girls only) please?
can i know the names of 2 bhakti saints and 2 sufi saints?
How to be cool and calm?
can i know the names of 2 bhakti saints and 2 sufi saints?
how can i learn to relax around people?
Was I just being used or did she not like the sex?
How to be less awkward?
Can people have fetishes to being bullied?
I keep thinking things then they happen?
Setting group leaders for design groups?
When were seeds of Feminism sown?
Do men dislike other men who don't act like a typical man?
what does my dream mean?
I got raped as a 10 year old by the deli guy.... Should I refer to psychiatric treatment?
How long should I wait before texting this guy?
Why does feminized society tend to excuse women psychological abuse towards men?
Are these traits of a kind, sweet and caring person?
How long should I wait before texting this guy?
Did i see a succubus? (weird dreams)?
Why is my dad better at picking up women than I am men :(?
why people don't understand me?
I hate reading is that normal?
I constantly get dreams of me kissing & hugging my ex boyfriend.Help?[PLEASE ANSWER]?
Who has a better chance at survival?
Is there an insect that you have a phobia of?
Struggling to enjoy life?
Struggling to enjoy life?
Is it Expensive to take a Sociology course?
What to do when you are trapped in a room with a crazy woman who provokes you to hit her?
Why cant I climax? Anxiety and Poor immagination?
What does it mean to dream about the grim reaper staring at me and saying something that I can not hear?
Ladies, do you think clothes are overrated for men?
how to exchange money?
I'm scared to death about college?
Why women often get missing?
What can i do to get ungrounded?
we are the 99 percent!!!!?
How do central banks lend money to banks?
What would you do if you found your girlfriend/boyfriends mugshot online?
I'm probably gonna change my last name when Im older, can you suggest some good last names?
Would it then not be safe to say that this whole physical reality is literally all in the mind?
GS: Does a Yin always need a Yang?
Is being cold just a state of mind ?
What do you think of britain?
Don't you hate people that seem to revolve their year around Holidays?
Men, do you prefer slim women?
How do I forget a memory?
What happens if I don't program my crystals or stones?
My Narcissit unblocked me? Why?
Nominal output Real output please help?
am i falling off the train called sanity?
Why did his personality suddenly change?
Is there any validity in this statement: If you don't want your man to look at porn?
(Second part) I think I'm awakening as a sang vampire?
Are Europeans more susceptible to obesity then other cultures and if so why?
What is this emotion called?
How badly can a nerf gun harm someone?
Comunism and america?
What can I do to overcome my fear of driving?
Cant stop thinking and acting scenarios in my head?
Why do girls hate porn?
What's the right price for an FB account with 850 thumbs up ?
Men, would you dump your girlfriend if she gained weight?
Are all feminists destined to be single or lesbians their whole life......?
Why do women seem to feel they can act like this?
How can you practice blocking the voices of people out?
What do women think of acne?
I feel so sad, don't know what to do? Or what's wrong with me?
If Life started in Africa, why was Mesopotamia the first place of civilization?
Wishing bad stuff happening to other people?
Should we stand up for people who afraid being bullied?
I hate the way im living> Please help?
Does therapeutic mean therapy?
Does anyone besides Marxists really believe that race is just a social construct?
Doing the right thing for the not-so-right reason?
Why Would This Saying Scare People?
Are women who are a little chubby unattractive?
Does gaining even a little weight make a woman unattractive?
Thinking about suicide?
Why do people say mean things when they see a couple with an age gap?
Men - Would you encourage your SO to exercise even if she wasn't fat?
What are the main problems you face with your hair?
How would females be able to survive this?
Are morbidly obese men viewed differently in the black community?
What does it mean to get attacked in a dream?
What exactly is post-modern feminism?
Watson's Baby Albert Experiment?
I feel strange after watching a movie?
Extremely unmotivated, why?
school behaviour and insults. how to you feel?
What the difference between the work world and the school world (high school)?
I need help, but my therapist would be obligated to tell my parents?
How can I recall a dream........?
do women hate when men find them sexually attractive?
Do I have low self esteem?
How to carry on when intrusive thoughts attack you?
If you are a Japanese working woman, are there any inspiring \working women\ you admire?
Is it rude to not want to interact with some people?
Why did he say this? What is the point?
what crimes need witness testimony to be prosecuted?
Why do men commit more suicide than women?
I am trying to understand issues my 6 year old Asperger's child is dealing with?
How do individuals benefit or suffer from ‘the network society’?
Do you think this was the right way to go about punishing this female criminal?
What do these dreams mean?
MicroEcon pls help..?
Weird Dream I had awhile ago?
What are the ages of human civilization ?
My job is making me racist..?
My Life is Miserable, What should I do?
Men, do you find big hips attractive?
Do I have an anger problem?
Do men criticize songs that degrade women as much as they do to songs that praise women?
are women really turned on by themselves?
I'm 21.5 years old guy and I don't know what to do in life?
What would happen if you isolated yourself from social contact for a week?
Are you afraid to die?
I can't get over a mistake a made. I seriously just wanna die?
What is the preferable option in your opinion regarding...?
explain marriage and race in Othello?
Can somebody help me understanding how it is to have anorexia? please help me?
where could you find current statistics on an area like job growth, population and forecasts?
Can I Create Cartoon Characters In A Lucid Dream And Speak To Them?
If you were able to travel ahead in time one day and have sex with yourself - would that be homosexuality...?
I'm so insecure, boyfriend has said mean things?
why don't some women find what other women do wrong?
if the fed wants to maintain the same federal funds rate it should?
what makes a woman want to have sex with a man?
Why do people say money can't buy happiness when it clearly does (more often than not)?
what is the name of the phobia of over taking moving vehicles?
what is natural selection?
Is my partner unusual for saying this?
What are pros and coins for living in Maryland?
Running hands through hair?
whats this blondes name ?
Is it possible to love and like the same person at the same time?
why do i find being around society draining?
What do traditional people think of couples who don't want to get married?
I need a swift butt kicking!!!!?
Is it wrong to pick up women in the produce section at your local supermercado?
Are the words \misogyny\ and \misandry\ misused often?
What would you think of a Husband who said this?
Who is the present wife of hugh hefner?
Is it true that babies are smarter than adults ?
as a baby - were you breast fed or bottle fed and what would be your preference for your children and why?
How else could I say someone makes me feel worthy and important?
Why do i feel so bored?
How do I get out of sexual thoughts?
People are having a hard time talking to me?
Why do so many people get badly influenced by society?
Do White men prefer skinny women?
GUYS- What are the first few things you look for in a girl?
How can I continue my Dream from last night?
Do men think these women are fat?
What would a world without women be like?
Why did I have this weird, traumatising dream?
In anthropology, _________ is following a formula for doing things that are beyond one's personal p?
Do I really need to go see a doctor?
What do you think of Brazilians living in the United States?
i have serious thoughts of killing/hurting people?
I'm going to commit suicide tonight?
Is it my fault my bf behaving this way?
Is it possible that weed can make you go on a trip and never come back from it?
I had a dream that I had split personalities, what could it mean?
Is it an insult for a male to be a virgin after 15 in western societies?
How can women wear shoes without socks and not cause odor?
which unpopular/politically incorrect truths are the most liberating to say aloud?
Do you think that being a mother is the hardest job in the world?
What actually are dreams?
did my boyfriend rape me?
chacracteristics of managerial economics?
i had a dream about this girl , help?
Married to an abusive man 20 years ago. Children grown up.?
wet dreams about women?
scared at night, and i dont know why?
Would Lettuce wearing ladies change your eating habits?
Large men, how do you make people feel more comfortable around you?
Why do high school students wear college sweatshirts?
how can you get a person with NPD to value you again?
Does this mean she is lying?
How can I start to live my life?
Will my dreams ever come true?
Ladies: Do you feel differently if a man compliments your looks compared to a woman complimenting your looks?
What would you do if someone raped you?
Why do guys run from a fight after \talking shyt\?
How come men NEVER approach tall women at all?
how to become less tired?
Would men find a woman desperate if she approached him?
Ways to stop being bored?
2 mirrors 2 images of same object??? why?
I know this Turkish guy who looks like George Michael in the 80s, should I tell him...?
my depressed can you help me?
How can I be there for someone who is abused?
What mental condition does this girl have?
What is a six letter word for extinct primates?
How can a person quit being lazy?
If my boyfriend looks at other women does that mean he doesn't love me?
Does physical abuse ruin a child's life?
I have a question about inherited money?
I'm not a psychopath. But what's wrong with me?
Why does society deny that women can be disrespectful towards men too?
How can I deal with being such an egomaniac?
Are you for or against gender roles?
does being tipsy bring out your true personality ?
Do people respect you more if you do not help them?
Can anyone answer me.?
Dream interpretation?
What social workers get paid the most?
Life After Brain Death: Is the Body Still 'Alive?
Should I get assessed for ASD?
why do men like unavailable women sooo much?
Question for men and looking at pretty women?
I feel lost, my life is a mess and don't even know where to start?
So if you fall in love with a staunch feminist who is actually a humanist then?
What did my dream mean?
was Britain just stormed by 30 million Bulgarians/Romanians?
Do you support Pre-K education and why or why not?
In your opinion, what percent of men are controlling in relationships?
would I get in trouble if I posted a naked picture of my ex boyfriend on miley cyrus's twitter?
What was the last thing that pissed you off?
What does my dream mean?
Why do economists cling to the idea that growth is necessary for a healthy economy?
Can you catch HIV from this?
What associate degree is better in order to be a Family Therapist... A.A Social Work or A.A Psychology?
Psychological question?
GS: Did any of you watch the new episode of Sherlock and what did you think of it?
Can you rank what is MOST important to you and please state your gender.?
simple silly matter mess me up . i am over sensitive . any suggestions?
what do i do ? i have problem of looking at people in wrong way?
Why on dating websites do women prefer not to talk about politics or philosophy?
Should I forgive my best guy friend for raping me?
what does it mean when you dream with murder?
why is it wrong for men to be sexual beings?
Would u consider me a nerd??
How did Theodosius Dobzhansky contribute to the theory of evolution?
Has western men been tamed by western women?
I'm scared to lucid dream?
Someone answer (mood wise)?
What is the most intriguing thing in a lady's handbag?
Sociologists examine the characteristics of individuals as the cause of poverty.?
Help me. How can I trust him?
suicidal thaughts ...?
Anxiety is now becoming annoying instead of a problem?
GS: Are you more for libertarianism (freedom) or authoritarianism (censorship)?
Ladies, what is the most unusual item you have found in your handbag?
Does anyone else get offended by dyslexic jokes?
Are women submissive by nature?
Is it justified that a woman should get half the assets in a divorce even if she contributed nothing financial?
I am too impatient. Help!..........?
Why do women still choose to have kids when it gives them pain and ruptures their body?
why do married or old people tend to be less insecure?
What does \Think women are the weaker sex? Try pulling the blankets back to your side.\ mean?
Are men or women more forgiving of infidelity?
Need help on anxiety?
Why do some of the supposedly male posters on here want to make men look like savage animals...?
why are old folks more likely to be racist and sexist?
what does being pregnant and the numbers 555 in a dream mean?
Are Indian women as oppressed as said in the media?
What do you think of Asian women's method of handling infidelity?
Dream meaning(Part 3)?
Dream meaning(part 2)?
Dream meaning(Part 1) please leave answers on the third part!?
Is it okay to live in your own world if you don't belong to the real world?
Have Koreans originated from Chinese, Japanese, Mongolians or Scottish people?
Why do men get angry at another man who cheated on his wife/girlfriend?
what is mean by interdependence?
What do you think of this man's comment?
Is \Low testosterone\ in older men a fabricated \illness\ by pharma companies?
Name of the country once to force every woman to have at least three kids? Anyone know? Thank you.?
Why do females so often have low self esteem concerning their appearance?
where did different human race get their colours?
Since there are so many quotas and special scholarships for women, how do we know a woman truly deserves it?
Do you think this would be a match made in heaven? Or maybe in HELL?
Doesn't the \supportive\ role of women in film reflect real life?
I have sex all the time ( with the same guy, but I also have wet dreams ALL THE TIME! does that mean anything?
What are the behavior characteristics of Autism in later years?
why do people have dreams about snakes?
Are married men or women more likely to take s3x for granted?
Why do people blame western women for ills?
In an apocalypse, would gold be valuable?
dream about crush what does it mean?
My alarm clock doesn't wake me up!?
I don't like people touching my neck? Can someone help me explain?
Does Tunisia's new constitution herald a new direction in the Middle East in terms of women's rights?
Sigmund Freuds Theory Linked to Propaganda Posters?
Why women love men with good physique than a handsome face?
Recent success of the film The Hobbit means that feminist Bechdel test can be thrown out the window?
How to stop or mask your pulse?
What do I do about my horrible fear of the dark?
Poll: Do you want to get (have you gotten) married and gender?
How can you relate Karl Marx or any of his theories to the movie, the social network (david fincher)?
Women could you be with a man who was sometimes violent?
why doesn't the yahoo dictionary recognize the word \misandry\?
Which societies are the best at keeping checks on female hypergamy?
Why have i become so lazy lately?
What traits must a man display before he is called \a catch\?
Anyone has some good social advice or something?
coincidence or something more?
What makes a person still jealous of you although having more than you?
Statistics Question. Im lost?
I walk strange when im embarrassed?
Who do you think are more authoritarian/totalitarian? Fem1nists or MRAs?
I hear voices/ noises in my head?
Which woman said \it doesn't exist,\ and it later existed and what was she talking about?
How to find inner peace when most around me makes me upset?
How do I recover from being raped 5 years ago?
Someone tell me what my dream means please?
What does it mean when someone else dreams you are pregnant?
If the U.S. Dollar Is worth More, Then Why...?
I hate working, what can i do?
How do I deal with someone who keeps telling me their health problems?
Dealing with really bad guilt?
I have a theory that Africans make dinosaur fossils and leave them underground in various countries...?
feminists, should \blurred lines\ by robin thicke be banned?
I had a weird dream!does it mean anything?
Why can't I remember most of my past?
When you annoyed your crush we hung out had fun is it over or being needy and let them have their own life?
What happened to the native Americans in North America?
Are there more men dying than women in syria?
Heartbeat,fears how can i stop all this things?
How is the dream girl for you and what does she do?
What would be a good name for a character who criticizes everything you do?
Question for evolution?
Is there any theories could describe the perspective of an industry?
Why is reality so hard to face for some people?
When having s(e)x with a woman how soon after starting should one proceed to go hard?
\My friend And I had \vision\ of me crashing at the same time\?
GUYS do you feel the same way?
Depressed, unhappy and cannot afford treatment. Don't know what to do.?
Answer like a professional! What do you do?
What does it mean when a guys say \I was turned off by your beauty\?
Why do some people lie about almost everything?
I Am Desperate To Improve My Self-Esteem... How Can I?
Why does porsche caveman have a more feminine?
Why am I so sad when my life is practically perfect?
What should I do with my life? Is there hope?
GS Folks: At what age did you reach your sexuaI peak?
Mid-Life Crisis at age 13?
Some methods to develop long term memory?
how do i get over my fear of going outside at night?
Where did the idea Women should stay in the kitchen come from?
Half of female Marines fail pull up test?
Why do men bother proposing and getting married to women?
What is the best way to get aroused?
Why do I have dreams of me attracted to boys?
Do most men find this attractive?
What does this mean in my dreams?
Did a psychology experiment on myself, looking for other peoples takes on this as well?
What makes a girl feminine?
women ,what do you think about r.a.d.i.c.a.l feminism?
Would you consider someone who is good at art a sensitive person?
How will present generation be judged by futures ?
male/female war? it is really so hard to understand the outcome?
Was this gross or is she a wimp?
I was dreaming half asleep and saw an image of satan or baphomet where he looked at me with fear in his eyes?
What kind of person am I?
dream interpreters (psychological, or otherwise): stuff under skin dreams.?
can I please have a list of things that make you happy?
I want somebody else as my mother. Help! :(?
Why do you suppose that many are naive enough to think that those in power, who mostly belong to...?
how do I stop this longing to go hiking?
what does it mean to dream about having sex?
You think most women are weaker than men because society has convinced them of this?
Is this questionable therapy?
Does anyone know what my dream means?
Guy with BPD wants to date me..?
That feeling when you look in a mirror?
is this a disability?
Dream of - Expired girl friend cryng?
Is any third world country you know that providing free education up to University level?
so women hate sex? and are going into marriage to avoid sex?
Is it weird to have a fear of mirrors?
PLEASE INTERPRET THIS DREAM IT'S DRIVING ME INSANE PLEASE CLCK THIS QUESTION PLEASE DO IT PLEASE?
I think there is something wrong with my friend?
I need someone to help.?
Is this a normal feeling after being in this situation?
Why would someone dump you ..?
Teenage Advice please!?
How to talk about my feelings?
What to do when you feel like this?
How can I stop being \annoying\?
how can I stop caring about what others think of me?
i wrote a suicide note.. what now?
How do scientists have statistics on dream content?
Why do I feel a rush of energy at night?
How can I stop being hyperactive?
How to overcome some problems of blockheads?
Why am I so lazy, tired, and unmotivated?
What does this dream mean?
Would you wish your partner Happy New Year ...?
Why do Women reject Men?
How do I keep conversations going with this girl?
I need some help some inspiration!?
Do you ever get a bad feeling?
i have been wondering what my dreams are telling me. help me understand them please?
I'm attracted to immature girls. Is it normal?
Swearing on someone's life?
school makes me feel worthless?
Need help interpreting a dream!?
After having a blast, I come home and I'm sad and depressed?
Don't you hate how weak humans are?
How do I overcome my shyness?
What is the word for an uncontrollable need to please people?
How do I be a more serious person?
Why do I keep waking up when I try to change my dreams?
Why is sexual orientation not a choice?
Can someone explain to me why I feel this way?
Can you specifically read someone's energy ?
Complicated issue???
Women: Which would u feel safer in?
Intuition ? Or a message from him?
Does anyone wanna boost my self-esteem?
How long do you starve yourself to die???
i feel the need to be chaotic????
Have we ever gone backwards in evolution?
do i have mild separation anxiety?
I am somehow depressed?
Dream of Falling Madly in Love?
is money everything in life? i believe so. why do people bullshit that money cant buy u happiness etc?
How can i revert back to being an outgoing person again?
How would men behave if there's a slogan \there's no reason to hit a man\ backing us up?
Can i lucid dream once i go to bed?
Do you think my dad is being sexist?
How can I improve my social skills?
I cannot accept people for who they are instead of what I want them to be?!?
Did something that was against my conscience ?
Cant stop feeling heartless n emotionless?
Girls please answer it's a bit odd but just curious :)?
I am the biggest mistake of everybodys life and i just want to end my life?
What do you women think we men mostly think about?
why do some people in this world have social phobia?
What is the meaning behind \if your hair is relaxed then they are relaxed?\?
what does it mean to dream that you cant talk, or move properly, but you can float and sometimes even fly?
Why do I feel like this toward this ugly woman?
Suicide thoughts nonstop?
How do schizophrenics act?
Is this normal to flinch to?
How can i overcome from negative thought s?
If i tell \women are more fragile than men\ my statement is s.e.x.ist or not?
I'm a 25 year old women and i keep growing taller?
Do you have to be referred to a psychologist or can you go directly?
why do i have these dreams?
I am a skinny and small woman and I was just wondering if that would effect me having a child in the future?
Is there something wrong with me?
What zodiac signs has majority of pretty females?
What does getting married in a dream mean?
Are people with OCD crazy? Please answer?
Need help with my daughter?
What should I do with my life?
Why do women have to be so difficult?
Do you like being complimented?
Why are jewels and crystals so beautiful and fascinating?
So, when someone begins an answer to your question with \News Flash Sherlock...\?
I feel so bored and devoid meaning?
Women: How do you manage to spend 9 hours in the shopping mall?
Would it be inappropriate to say this to my manager?
What would happen if I died?
How can I remember something from when I was younger?
How can you work in 3 different countries and collecting a big retirement money?
I sometimes stutter when I speak?
Is it ever acceptable for a man to hit a woman even when she stabs, punches, and kicks him?
How much does marijuana cost?
I need help (extra characters so I can ask this question)?
Men pay more for the things that they need, women pay little for the things that they don't need?
OCD or something else?
Ethnicity and cultural differences?
Why do men like skinny women these days?
Is this sexist? Honest opinion?
Dreaming about a certain guy twice?
I don't understand what guys are really looking for in a women?
Women: Which do you prefer, femininity or masculinity?
Idk if there's something wrong with me or what?
Which gender has higher standards when it comes to dating?
Do the majority of people on this planet die from natural causes?
Social Tweeters do you have my answer?
Why doesn't Australian government provide DV protection for men?
What he said was nasty right? Or am I being too sensitive?
Do guys get uncomfortable when girls...?
Women do you find this true? Guys you should try this?
Mind thoughts changes. Is it permanent or will go aftr some time?
GS folks: What do you think of LFL?
I lost interest in life: love, family, friends, kids?
whats a solution to high gas prices??
why do I feel like this?
If there was a vote to do away with censorship of any kind...?
As an Introvert, can extend my \social battery\ of energy?
Do you sometimes think about people from your past who you've lost contact with?
If women wanna be treated totally equal, is there still the necessity to hold open the door & stuff like that?
What should I do with my life?
should i ask for a raise?
Why do women have better shaped legs than men?
If psychopathy is mental illness?
Why is much of the Internet English? Why might this be problematic?
Can you help me what to do with this person?
I'm 13 and have a horrible anxiety problem!!!! HELP!!?
Why do some guys keep pulling down at their shirt in a leisurely way?
Why don't chubby men work on their confidence, & cultivate a better style?
Is there ANY occupied land on earth that was NOT taken from someone else?
Mental disorder or brain damage ?
My friends grandpa is dying and i need advice. please help?
Is the global economy doing well?
What happening psychologically when a guy's main interest is in women who are much, much older than he is?
Can you help me what to do with this person?
Can you learn Charisma?
What would you do if you found out the closest person to u commited suicide?
What is wrong with my brother? Is he all there in the head?
Does ignoring rude people is making them angrier?
A really weird dream?
what kind of job can a person get if they just left college with a degree to be a psychiatrist?
Quick Economics question? What would happen if all countries simultaneously defaulted on their national debt?
Are there more women than men in the world?
Do you think that it is time to take your country back?
How can I be productive, happy, and healthy everyday?
Do I have low testosterone levels?
is It Normal to Feel Lost when Depressed?
Is it RUDE to respond with a \Thank You\ when another user sends you an e-mail asking you to die?
GS - How is this fair?
Dreaming about being interrupted? Help?
Women: Do you carry handbags and purses?
What are your embarrassing moments?
Is it shallow to want to see users' faces?
how to control flashbacks of sexual abuse?
What is the relationship between Gross Domestic Product (GDP) and the Human Development Index (HDI)?
I would like help to list a set of emotions/feelings?
Brits of the Gender Studies section, why are we still awake?
Unharmful drugs that get you high?
Ladies, which is cuter?
I had a strange dream last night! What could this dream mean!?
I am horrified to sleep in a new apartment with no escape?
Could I have been sexually abused/ or molested?
I had a dream of a women trying to stab me in the heart?
My reocurring dream its a good dream and i love when it comes every night but....?
My reocurring dream its a good dream and i love when it comes every night but....?
How come straight women claim sexuality is a choice more often than lesbians and bi women?
Why do I have dreams of attractive boys?
I give my advice and all now its your turn?
why are some women so sexist to believe that it's ok to commit violence against men?
How to be more social? Gain better people skills?
What genes make Jews smarter?
i had a dream about being followed by a car? what does it mean?
Do you guys think men should enter professions where they are being suspected?
Would you rather have dark features with white or pale skin?
Examples of technologies working in one country that have failed in another?
Why have I become so violent?
Could this be a panic attack?
Sports and intellect?
I can't stop swearing when I am angry or annoyed. What should I do ?
Need help sorting things out with myself?
Why do women outnumber men in education?
Why do I hate couples?
Can you actually change your personality?
Why do bigger women say real women have curves?
is it okay to feel judged by almost anyone i meet?
psychological animes?
What do you think your choice in books says about you?
Bullied for being \ASIAN\?
Am i exaggerating my feelings ?
My Coworkers think I'm stupid, how to keep my sanity and confidence?
when ever i get hurt or fall even a little bit my dream stops?
What do I do if I feel like am doing the wrong thing by helping people?
Why do so many guys and girls make a conscious effort to show how little they care..?
How do you relax and just stop thinking about everything?
i had a dream about this girl? help?
Im Feeling So Depressed I cant Think Straight?
How is introversion linked to creativity?
Why do I worry so much ?
what is your ocd thing?
Men, what measurements do you like on a woman?
does being into the character makes you loosing yourself?
What type of man likes to have women dress him up like a girl and humiliate him?
Why do I overthink everything ?
having an identity crisis at 22?
can celibacy negatively affect your brain?
Why do people with materialistic tendencies prefer not to associate with intelligent people?
what does it mean to dream about the same person over and over again?
How does a deadbeat dad impact a child's psychological development?
A2 OCR Psychology Studies?
Girlfriends scars+sexual issues?
Why am i getting low fps on natural selection?
Why are white women encouraged to alter their skin colour?
Dreams about running from darkness to light?
Men, are 38-43 inch hips too big?
What does my dream mean? :/?
domestic abuse..am i scarred for life...?
Some people never change, Im that person?
What are periods like?
in what circumstances can you break a promise/vow?
how to keep someone always in your mind ?
How can I become more outgoing/extroverted?
I have nightmares and wake up sweating, shaking and crying almost every night?
i dont know what to do i was sexualy assaulted 8 mounths ago and i have been really depressed since?
Why many women will chose the guys who is most romantic, without taking into account whether the man will?
is obsession for me on women?
a dream i bought a thong?
Im 17 and want to get a job but I'm scared to interview because I get nervous. tips?
Has anyone ever kicked a boy in the nuts?
Why do I not laugh as loudly or as much as others?
Where can I train my mind and attention to that of a zen master? Or just learn how to?
If so many men here prefer foreign women, why not just go and marry foreign?
How do I stop being Shy?
Do you think Casey Anthony's life will be as bad as people say it will be?
Am I being to violent?
how old Is proto dravidian?
What does my dream mean?
what are some good facts about denmark?
How can I deal with my overly sensative roommate?!?
Culturally speaking, do men still believe that birth control remains the sole domain and responsibility of the?
Men - Do you like the models in Robin Thicke's \Blurred Lines\?
Will feminists be able to bring a p0rnopocalypse?
Do men underrate or overrate the 'lesbianism' of women?
Why can't I be a normal person ?
Why do Eastern-Europeans try so hard to be anglo?
Do you like giving people car rides?
Can grown-up people actually change their character?
Why do Japanese women like androgynous men so much?
Is this product Anti Male?
What is fiat currency? What backs the U.S. paper currency?
A bad dream I had yesterday :-(?
Introverts out there, what is your biggest source of frustration? Can you relate to mine?
Does race play a factor on a beautiful women?
What do you think of this manifesto \Revolt Against P.enis Envy\ by Boyd Rice?
Should a single woman in her late 20s be panicking about finding love and her fertility?
I can't hold a conversation?
Do men who specifically prefer skinny women have a fragile ego?
Do husbands today live this definition of Biblical marriage?
POLL: Do you support the MRM or feminism? Or neither?
why do some people think that men only have feelings of hate when it's not true?
What are some good comebacks?!?
I'm scared to get close to everybody?
How do people learn to be very manipulative?
what is hedge fund? please explain in human language :D?
Why number of rape cases have been increasing daybyday?
What are some of the rewards a counselor can identify from working with elderly?
Can anyone provide career advice to new professionals thinking about working with the elderly population?
Why are many products sold at a dollar amount plus ninety nine cents? Why not ninety eight cents?
I am white and pretty much reagge is all I listen, why people judge me?
What is the process that counslors use to assess for elder abuse and neglect?
My bf is annoyed with me and he is random texting then blanking me out?
I want to be abused.?
Do modern men who are married or in a meaningful relationship try to live up to this definition of Love?
what does my dream mean?
Why do guys that have kids with different women pick and choose which kids they are going to care for?
How do counselors approach age, culture, & family structure when working with elderly?
When I get excited, I act like a dog, is this normal?
What does my dream mean?
which religion or culture dont believe that women should eat meat?
I keep thinking what to do to fix my life and better it, I'm miserable?
Does anyone feel emotionally numb...? Is it even possible...?
Social Studies Question on Mayflower Compact?
Hi my name is Ashlyn I have a question. I need tips to have my mental problems gone any ideas?
i just found out where my therapist lives?
How do you define beauty?
what would you do if you heard such terrible news?
why can't feminists take responsibility for misandry?
Dream interpreters: What does being handed a gold sword represent?
Do you ever feel this way at some point in your life?
How would the economy be affected if everyone was paid the same wage?
Don't overly dramatic teenagers annoy you immensely?
why do people think men don't care about feelings?
why cant MRAs take responsibility for their part in the oppression of women?
kubla khan used to sleep with six new beautiful virgins every 3 days for most of his reign!! disgusting!!!?
Can you guys interpret this dream for me?
why do guys care less about feelings than girls?
Why do women say men are wired to approach women?
Research Help: Body Image and Social networking!?
why does the UK always have such misandric laws?
Why do women wear tight heels?
Where'd all the good people go?
What is an \impossible\ person and how can I deal with them?
Dream...please interpret?
Why does a famous man calling a woman fat make headlines but the other way around is socially acceptable?
How do I gain confidence? I just need someone.?
Why do sociopaths care if they're spotted?
Why is Yahoo Answers having problems with posting questions so much recently?
Future of Money and one question ( simple and stupid )?
what race is colser to aborigine black or white?
Have you ever had your stomach pumped? What's it like?
How do feminists (who think that men oppress women by making them stay at home) feel about this?
why don't mra's include perpetrators that lie under oath about their crimes - as false accusers?
Would you rather have legions of adoring fans or legions of fighters ready to come to your defense?
Why do people think Debby Ryan is stupid & ugly?
Men - Do you prefer healthy women or very thin women?
in your experience are men or women more likely to TELL you what to do?
Sex becomes meaningless.. why?
what race is closer to black white or asian?
Some people say they have voices in their heads, but doesn't every one?
I keep having this weird dream?
Why is more common for women to like long hair on men rather than men: short on women?
How does Evidence of Evolution relates to biodiversity and Evolution?
What do you think of my chat with my best friend?
MRAs, some clarification: Is it true that you would rather allow 100...?
uncle question creepy one?
If the american GDP continuously grow, why does the value of it's currency go down?
I had a dream of fighting a demon?
Forced vomiting before breakfast?
I've got a bad habit of lying. I've heard and seen it forever?
Dealing with low grades/self esteem?
I feel so alone and sad?
Does drinking during the middle of day mean you are alcoholic?
What excites women secksually?
Why do some people say stupid things such as women are not visual?
I am not sure if psychology is the right major for me?
What Does My Dream Mean - Flirting in a Pool?
I'm an unattractive beta male. How can I be happy?
I hate my life???????????
Why are unprocessed rape kits not seen by all as an important issue in terms of basic justice?
Do you think the \mandate\ for colleges to handle sexual assaults will hold up with time?
How do girls act, health wise?
I have trouble being alone with a person.?
How can you be seen as an intimidating/serious person somewhat icy character?
Should I follow my dreams n start acting to try to be on Disney Channel?
I'm addicted to instagram?
Please help ishan with his curiosity?
I like a tv show character who's a rapist?
Is 12 pm too early to crack open a bottle of wine?
When you stare out in the blue or even at something do you feel like you can see other particles moving?
Why do tall girls have big feet?
Is this guy too muscular or just right for your tastes?
I graduate university earlier than my bf?
can you tell me what is your worst fear?
what to do just cant understand?
Do I need therapy or a psychiatrist? And for what?
why are some guys tell \All Women are Le.sbia.ns\?
can you tell me of a country where socialism works better than capitalism does in USA?
When you get married, are all assets split 50/50?
Why don't men take the same precautions?
Is it weird that i don't want to have sex after this?
Do women have the right to tell someone not to touch them?
What kind of reaction will a girl give after you punch her so hard and brutally in her stomach?
How do I overcome nerves?
Did you know that over 150 men have been falsely imprisoned for rape?
What does it mean when a woman puts her bare feet in your face?
Most unsual PMs you have received from other GS users?
why do I feel like I'm watching tv?
What does it mean to dream about kissing someone with a metal mouth?
I think I'm depressed?
Quick Economics question? What would happen if all countries simultaneously defaulted on their national debt?
Does FEMEN have any chubby or ugly members in their ranks?
Is it a bad thing to be shy/introverted?
Why sex is emotional and spiritual rather than just a desire to moral and pious women?
You possess an independent streak?
Question for the ladies about male strippers for private parties?
Why is there white guilt and not black guilt?
What are good books of American businessman if 19th century?
How does Capitalism support the Patriarchy and the oppression of Women?
What does this dream mean?
My brother wants college tutoring and I don't want to give it to him?
Lately I've been having dreams of my girlfriend leaving me. Are those dreams a sign or just meaningless?
why do insecurity's get in the way of everything?
So if a feminists SAYS another women was raped, then it means this must be true?
I keep having dreams about my mall ban?
Could me being mean result in behavioral problems?
what does this dream mean?
im only 17 and I keep dreaming of getting pregnant.?
Would you ever love someone who doesn't love you back?
are you absolutely sure?
what were the psychological effects of this?
hey can u say any history magazines or website?
What does a pregnancy dream mean?
How much should one bench press?
Why are educational instituions given the juridsiction and power to porsecute rape cases?
What does a career in forensic anthropology entail?
I feel confused about my life? please some advise would be appreciated.?
Would you still love your child if they were very troublesome and did not return your love?
Please suggest me best foods and mental exercises to supercharge my memory and thinking power.?
Don't you think feminism is ruining women?
what do you do when you no longer can afford to live?
How many times in USA adults can sex?
Should I give up on her forever?
What does this dream mean?
i think my mom wants me to have a boyfriend so she can sleep with him?
Please help. How can I love my life if we're poor and unhappy?
Am I caucasian or asian?
Why are rape convcition rates falling ?
I am a MEAN person! What do I do?
Why is my girlfriend upset that I share my feelings upon *her* request?
Why do I suddenly feel stressed?
If I admit I'm a bad person, why would people be worried about me committing suicide?
How does QE affect a bank?
Is lucid dream is a state of trance ? can i talk directly to my subconscious mind?
Is lucid dream is a state of trance ? can i talk directly to my subconscious mind?
Do you consider yourself logical or creative or even both?
How do I stop procrastinating.?
Why did I have this dream last night?
Do you realise the huge amount of potential you have?
Men: Would you still love someone if they had no benefit to you?
Austerity vs Stimulus, which works better?
I remembered something bad that happened to me as a child...?
My life is falling apart.?
fear of being a pedofile?
I woke up this morning to find my yellow glofish dead without an explanation?
Depression after meth binge?
fear of being a pedofile?
how do i look? in a frank manner?
Do you think Hardees commercials are sexist or not?
Hi,,.my girlfriend have some problem with depression,social phobia,self-harming, attempted suicidal HELP PLZ..?
Gender Studies - Do r@pe laws work for the victim? Is there any incentive to report this crime?
What kind of person are you?
Do you have a weird sense of humor?
What is happening with the UK's national debt?
Why do I not feel good enough for my ENFJ boyfriend, I'm an INFJ?
Why do people keep on saying gay guys understand women more?
What would happen if all countries simultaneously defaulted on their national debt?
Drinking influencing the decision to have sex defined as rape. What are the implications?
Help! School is destroying me and I can't stop it!?
Are women more flexible than men?
Why am I so obsessed with my city of West Hollywood?
how to forgive betrayal?
Did celibate inventors achieve more than non-celibate inventors?
why society cannot understand or accept childfree women?
Feminists complain that most rapes go unsolved, but also say most rapes are not reported?
why do people dislike childfree women?