What's your view on \designated bike lanes\?
When exactly did Juan Mata become a bad player?
Has the Seattle Seahawks ever won a Super Bowl?
What do you think of BillClinton?
I got bullied a lot in high school?
Was this an HONEST mistake?
HA lol! look at this how pethetic?
You know someone's just delusional when they think Mata is better than Oscar?
Funny how when Mata was Chelsea's best player we finished 6th and 3rd but now we challenge for the title?
Who are the top 10 most popular WWE wrestlers right now?
Who are greatest Arsenal fans?
If Manchester United are 'The New Arsenal'...?
Joe Ledley- “I'm desperate to join a big club“?
Which team will benefit more from harsh winter weather?
Arsenal fans, do you regret not signing Higuian?
What would your EPL team of the season so far be?
How did Mata go from Chelsea Legend to Chelsea benchwarmer in 3 days?
How many throphies has your club won?
@John, Scholes or Gerrard?
Should we let rooney go?
Do you miss SAF.........?
Who is the best player in manchester united?
Red Sox Nation members were cubs tickets available in presale?
Do you think United fans would be saying?
Can you float??????????
Where man-utd fans secretly relieved they lost to Sunderland to avoid humiliation by city at Wembly?
Why WACA PERTH is the fastest pitch in the world?
what is the hype about Januzaj ?
do the utd fans still believe De gea?
What would most likely happen for the Super Bowl if the weather is really bad?
1911's and steel case ammo?
I just want to know if its better for a baby to learn to walk in walking shoes or bare feet?
No decent mma gyms near me?!?
49ers fans: How do you feel about the Seahawks fans burning Kaepernick's jersey?
49ers fans: How do you feel about the Seahawks fans burning Kaepernick's jersey?
If someone wanted to use the MMA Fighting style to render someone unconscious, how would they do it?
lolz at thia video lol?
Is Brock Lesnar better than Ric Flair?
What does this workout do?
WHY DOES PROFFESSIONAL TENNIS MATCHES HAVE CHALLENGES?
Are the Spurs done like dinner?
Mitchell Johnson debuting as captain, leading an XI missing Haddin, Clarke, Watson, Bailey and Warner?
Who do you predict will be #2 in the Royal Rumble?
Who are some bums in boxing?
Predict the Super Bowl score...?
Is ATA bad to join? Is it a scam?
Do you think Mr.Cena is out of the hospital by now?
How to get faster at starting blocks in the 100-400 meter?
What if Randy Orton ordered a pizza and the pizza guy was?
how patethic are Man United?
How dumb are wrestling fans?
is Man United the laughind stock of the football world?
who's the underdog between the broncos and seattle?
How did Zidane put so much power into his headbutt?
how do you get outplayef by sunderland?
Why didn't Alabama hire Mike Groh instead of Lane Kiffin as its O coordinator?
top 5 QB's of all time? Thoughts?
Is England really better than Scotland?
If a player is red carded in a final?
How can I explain to my xc coach that I quit wrestling?
Should man utd fans blame their own players for that dreadful performance against Sunderland?
Just saw the united result LOOOL?
ARE the dbacks not good because they are distracted about all the press the dodgers and giants get?
Why isn't as much fun to see United lose now that they suck.?
Which NFL teams were the winners and losers this year?
Is Welbeck still a donkey?
Did Vito Mannone>>Man utd?
Do you think Mata can save us?
Doesn't Richard Sherman look like Lil Wayne?
Mata > > Ozil .........?
what kind of snowboard should i get?
Should trade my 710 Remington bolt action 30 06 for a 7600 30 06 pump action?!? they are both in good shape.?
Man United fans don't get your hopes too high?
Is this a good size for a JV defensive end?
In which stage of the UCL competition do you think Man United will exit, round of 16 or in the quarter finals?
Why did Jericho and Triple H go last at Wrestlemania 18?
Do you think Man utd fans are being ungrateful for losing a pen shoot out to 2nd to bottom Sunderland?
Manchester United fans please tell me what Welbeck brings to the team?
NBA2K14 Nextgen How to call for someone specific for a pick?
Whats up wrestling section?
Does Jerome believe the Ads online saying that he has just 500k online and thats MILFS in his area want sex?
How can I stop leather squeaking?
what's wrong with Milan?
I need some more softball advice?
Looking for a funky swimming costume I can wear for galas me n my friend (boy) want to match.?
What did you make of the game @ Old Trafford tonight?
sunderland beat manchester utd what next for moyesd?
Will the Capital One Cup be reminiscent of the FA Cup? Man City vs Sunderland?
Do you think the NBA should implement voting for the dunk-competition like the all-star game?
Sunderland are going to wembley!?
So is the Uefa Champions league all United has now ?
Is Trish Stratus the best diva in World Wrestling Entertainment history?
Is Eli a top-50 QB of all-time? (BQ)?
Q: What is the difference between Harden & Lebron?
So will it mata for manchester utd?
In your opinion, who is the most overrated Female/Male Wrestler in the WWF or WWE?
PSG 10/1 to hijack Mata?
Total Nonstop Action in my opinion is better than World Wrestling Entertainment?
Scared to join karate class?
How many Under-18 Chelsea F.C. fans have heard of Ted Drake and Dave Sexton?
Professional Wrestling: Why is ? Russell ? suddenly trolling this section?
Will the Mata sale affect anything at all?
Why doesn't Mata join a team that uses a better airline?
wwe divas division thought's?
Greatest CRICKET rivalries in the history of CRICKET?
Another merc to add to the collection at Man utd?
Do you think Juan Mata would wanna stay at Chelsea if he read what his \fans\ are saying about him..?
RUNNING 2KM ERGH I need tips!!?
LOL Man utd paid 40 million for a player with 2 assists in like 15 games this season. What a buy hahaha?
If tna did a trade with wwe?
Funny how only man utd fans think Mata is better than Özil and Silva?
lol at Man utd paying 40 million for a bench warmer. How will he fit into the hoof ball and bus parking?
What race are Jimmy and Jey Uso?
Who will win the ICC WORLD CUP 2015?
Bale > Hazard > David Silva > Özil > Oscar > Mata?
is it weird that my fantasy is being raped ?
Doesn't the thought of mata being a man utd player make you sick?
Who will be the opponent of UNDERTAKER AT WRESTELMANIA 30 ?
How i feel about eva marie?
So how long will the Cubs be in last place?
Who will win the THIRD ODI INDIA VS NEWZELAND ?
Özil > Mata, Agree or too soon?
Do you think Tim Sherwood could be a future England manager..?
Why didn't Chelsea loan Mata then sell to PSG or Atletico in the summer?
Who will Chelsea spend the 37 million on?
MICHAEL JACKSON APPOINTED CARETAKER MANAGER OF SHREWSBURY TOWN..?
How do I recover my speed?
Are United going through ATM....?
Great Hikes for Moose Viewing, New Hampshire?
has any ncaa men's basketball team ever went perfect in the entire season? if yes who?
People only want sting in wwe to loose to taker?
how many times are sky sports?
What was the name of this quarterback??
Would Elway get another ring if Denver Wins XLVIII ?
Professional Wrestling: Has there been matches that where better then The CM Punk Vs Samoa Joe Trilogy in ROH?
Tips for starting track for the first time?
Professional Wrestling: Did The Internet Boom destroy Professional Wrestling?
Garmin eTrex H or Garmin eTrex Summit?
If Scotland votes against Independence Should a British national team replace ?
What rule changes has Roger Goodell made recently?
what striker can you buy for 40mill?
If Scotland votes against Independence should a British national football team be made ?
What do you think of my avatar?
How would a merger between TNA and ROH affect the Pro Wrestling business?
What Martial art wins . Wrestling/ Jujitsu or an AK 47?
How long would the jail term have been if it was a male who committed this crime?
Why didn't Red Devil tell any of us he'd been arrested?
Who wins in a street fight Ronda Rousey vs Griselda Blanca?
Calories burnt while skiing?
Sky Sports News has said that Juan Mata has told his friends he is leaving Chelsea FC?
awww little juan saying goodbye?
According to Guillem Balague, The deal is done and it weill be announced this week?
For paki/Indian speakers, what does manji mean ?
Rate this team out of 10?
What are the main rules of football?
Predictions: Manchester United vs Sunderland?
Why doesn't Tom Brady ever go to the Pro Bowl?
Who will be the starting QB's for the pro bowl?
ROONEY has REFUSED to sign a NEW CONTRACT?
Is it illegal to sell an AK47 parts kit build?
Who does Alex MacLeish manage nowadays ?
Falcao injured. Could Rooney and RVP be Monaco bound they've been refusing to play for too long now?
should i get a beretta 92fs or a glock 17?
Are Manchester United top of the English league yet?
Professional Wrestling: That 'Their doing what the script says' defense by Professional Wrestling fans?
What do you think of female racers?
Do you think Tim Tebow is gonna play in NFL next year?
Is there any catfish?
I have ordered a Tokyo marui desert eagle, which has do i use for it?
Have Manchester United signed anyone yet?
Professional Wrestling: Do you see John Cena as a road agent after he retires?
Why is Mourinho so stupid?
Does a 2 way bike lane on a side street heading to a bike route also mean it is a 2 way street for cars?
Will the mega troll in this section ever break character('s)? What is his mission in life?
Professional Wrestling: Do you agree on the results of this vote?
Will the Glaizers give Moyes dosh to buy a new team ?
If Lionel Messi loves Barcelona so much and says he would never leave for anyone..?
Would Reynaldo Weeks have the guts to challenge Richard Sherman to a fight in section 425 in Phoenix?
Are Liverpool F.C. one of the luckiest clubs of all time..?
Which of these are your favorite WWF/E Royal Rumble (Non-Royal Rumble matches only) match in each era?
Is Sir Alex Ferguson a genius?
How on earth does Paul Ince keep getting managerial jobs....?
in what universe is mata better than Hazard?
are there people who can shoot twice as fast with a gun in both hands?
Manchester or Liverpool?
Winning goals in big games: Eto'o and Torres - 3, Suarez Sturridge, Rooney, Giroud, Van Persie - 1?
ive got 20p, can i buy celtic fc?
Eric Cantona or Robbie Fowler?
Professional Wrestling: Did Dwayne The Rock Johnson, Brock Lesnar and Batista deserve the championship?
do you agree zola was very overrated?
Henrik Larsson or Ruud van Nistelrooy?
If small game Özil is so much better than Big game mata why does he hide like a girl in big games?
Ole Gunnar Solskjær or Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink?
remember when Hazard rejected utd?
Morgan Schneiderlin or Yohan Cabaye?
What is the best shotgun for a first time gun owner on the market? Also, what is the best safe or rack avail?
David Silva or Juan Mata?
am i the only one think oscar is better than mata?
Does any one feel like wrestling caters to people who rarely watch it?
Haha Mata is worth 35 million + Rooney not 35 million?
Is Kendall Marshall the long term solution at point guard for the Lakers?
How is GuppehMelons so far up the leaderboards with 3006 best answers?
Utd paying 40mill for a bench warmer with no legs?
Do players in the playoffs play in Pro Bowl?
What will the weather be like in East Rutherford, New Jersey on Feb 2, 2014 in the late afternoon?
Yaya Touré or Arturo Vidal, who's the better midfielder?
Professional Wrestling: What is your opinion on Christian?
Mesut Ozil or Cesc Fabregas?
Professional Wrestling: Does the PG Rating on World Wrestling Entertainment actually matter?
Free Agents: will Anquan Boldin be signed elsewhere?
utd bid 40mill for mata its through 3rd party?
if Mata goes utd will they think he is better than ozil?
How did the Bucs convince Lovie to be their new head football coach with no?
Is there anyone out that that wants to coach the Browns?
which free agents should the Patriots go after during the offseason?
Do you remember when Eto'o didn't used to destroy Man utd?
Poll: Are you snow....?
Why do people call Richard Sherman intelligent?
Do you anticipate Russell Wilson surpassing Dan Marino in greatness?
if utd buy Mata will the transfer domino effect start?
Who thinks that Ryan Getzlaf and Corey Perry are heavily overrated?
Who thinks Cub Swanson could possibly beat Aldo or Lamas if he gets a title shot? If not, why?
Why did Sherman of the Seattle Seahawks have to apologise to that female broadcaster?
Australian Open 2014 semi final predictions.?
Can goberg beat undertaker at wesltemania?
What type of skis to buy?
Which New Rangers Signing Has Impressed You Most This Season?
Can running help improve your heart?
Now that the Cubs failed to sign Tanaka should Theo Epstein be fired?
How many different types of ammo can you use with a 5.56 AR Lower?
are you going to watch the olympics comming up....?
Who will Alvarez face this year?
Did Chelsea look like a \park the bus club\ with Mata ?
Gun laws in Florida: Question about owning gun?
Will Mata transfer revive kagawa's career at Man utd ?
What are the Gun laws in Florida?
As an individual is Mourinho a better coach than Sir Alex Ferguson, Arsene Wenger and Pep Guardiola?
Can India regain back No 1 if they beat NZ in next 3 matches ?
My WM 30 match card, do you agree or diasgree?
Is this enough for a beginning skater?
Are there any football academies in Scotland?
Is £400.000 a year a fair pay deal for a irn bru league manager ?
Arturo Vidal said he is the best midfielder in the world?
So Who Will Win At Super Bowl 48: Broncos Vs. Seahawks?
if Denver wins the super bowl?
Jose Mourinho as an individual is better than Sir Alex Ferguson, Arsene Wenger and Pep Guardiola, is that true?
Who would you put in as Australia's ODI captain if Bailey doesn't play?
Wich hockey stick is better?
Will Real Madrid make a Wayne Rooney bid in the summer?
thanks alot.it is already boerd 30 ovee. n im peRty shure it was run on a flat track.?
My legs are SO sore from squats and i have to run?
What Are The Number Of MLB World Series Titles For Atlanta Braves (AKA Braves Country)?
Why was NYC picked for this year's Super Bowl when it is typically somewhere warm?
What if WWE Never Ended The Brand Extinction?
Would Mata fit in at United?
Please name a black Ex-Rangers (RFC) player who was a motivational guy - perhaps a minster also - post 2000.?
Professional Wrestling: What do you think about this quote by Cesaro, Bad News Barrett and Jack swagger?
how did manchester city do last night?
BREAKING: American Soprano Renee Fleming Will Sing The U.S. National Anthem At Super Bowl 48 So Is She Ready?
Bad stitches whilst running?
So now do you fancy Federer for the Aust.Open title?
\We should have been more cautious\ - Mathews. One of the biggest joke I heard recently.?
Can Arsenal fans help me?
Professional Wrestling: That 'Their doing what the script says' defense by Professional Wrestling fans?
Why did Kobe throw shaq under the buss?
Do you think England & India deserve the?
So they're going to re-turf Celtic Park?
Why did Sochi choice the 7th of February for Olympics and the 7th of March for the Paralympics?
Why was Bob Hartley fined $25,000?
Are you excited about the Olympics and Paralympics games this year?
Professional Wrestling: What's your opinion on Darren Young and Titus O' Neil?
Is this how Indian bowlers bowl nowadays?
Who will win the EPL the most in the next 10 years Chelsea or Man City ?
7.3 GPI Arrows on a 65lb Compound Bow?
Cricbuzz is slow and someone told india is 3 down so can anyone tell me who got out..?
Professional Wrestling: World Wrestling Entertainment History: What Shawn Michaels Part Of The Attitude Era?
How to make a replica bolt action rifle?
Why didn't Lovie Smith hire Darryl Drake as his offensive coordinator in Tampa?
Opinion? I kind of feel bad.?
what hook size would be good?
Doesn't it suck Rudy Gay scored 41pts and nobody is talking about it because KD scored 46?
The Kiwis look like setting a stretching target for the ODI?
should undertaker return at royal rumble?
what was richard sherman, of the seattle seahawks verticle leap at the combine during tryouts.?
I wonder if Trestman lover, is missing Lovie and, His 10-6 record Yet?
Which players have been leaders of men?
how high can a good NFL cornerback jump during a verticle leap to defend against an opossings pass reciever ?
Would you like to know how an Old Italian Golfer lived longer?
Which team do you think Masahiro Tanaka will pick?
Is ATP Ranking only a number...?
Isn't this Heat/white-house partnership kinda weird?
Help choosing a skateboard :(?
Did the BCCI make it rain in NZ?
Is the Special One going to be taking charge of TCW?
is 5 5 and 110 pound too much to be a flyer in competitive cheerleading??? I was a gymnast previously (lvl 8).?
Would it be cool if Kurt angle came back and confronted the Real Americans?
HHH with sledgehammer vs the shield , who would win?
Why can't I dunk?
Do people live in the Sierra Mountain Wilderness?
why did John Cena ruin Kofi Kingstons oppertunity?
why indian fast bowlers does t have any charisma and passion?
How to change captains in madden 25?
Will Tim Thomas be a hall of famer?
Is Stephanie Mcmahon starting to look like Vince Mcmahon now?
WWE- Is Mick Foley, Cactus Jack, Mankind and Dude Love twins?
How Is Speed Skating Timed?
how do i get in the nba?
Anyone know the channel man utd vs sunderland 22/1/14?
Why does John Cena don't even make effort to make a move look real?
is wwe is totally fake and all matches are fixed?
Who's gonna win the Super Bowl and why?
is Arizona over rated and will not make final four?
what team will be out of race by end of april? to be realistic?
Which Brady would you like to go on a date with? Marcia Brady..or..Tom Brady?
white sox or cubs: who loses 100 games?
Which tennis string is right for me?
Out of these two rifles, which would you choose?
Could a standard kite lift a gopro?
how is hiring Caldwell and smith \serious progress\?
will seattle get first super bowl shutout ever? like 17-0? over Denver offense?
Could Sheamus be the next Hercules , in Hercules the Legendary journeys tv?
How is hiring Caldwell and Smith \serious progress\?
California Motorized Bicycle?
Aj lee got you suck chants?
WOULD YOU BE ABLE TO WATCH WRESTLING WITHOUT THE COMMENTATORS?
nxt paige heel or face?
How ridiculous is it that people were calling Richard Sherman a thug for his post game interview?
the shield vs dream team of Goldberg Brock Lesnar and batista , who would win?
Should I fire my coach on NBA 2k14?
Are the Wyatts going to get revenge on Daniel by kidnapping brie bella?
What if the shield started attacking the wwe divas? lol?
How can I get out of swimming in gym?
How to train for cross country?
Whod Win Kurt Angle vs The Shield In WWE?
Volley ball tryout tips?
What are some good basketball workouts?
Chavez Sr vs Duran? Who's the best lightweight?
Are there any brown players in the NBA? just askin or any Muslims in the NBA Basketball?
Do you think Kane goes to church?
WRESTLING : Who have better mic skills : BRAY vs KANE?
Who'd win Batista Vs Alberto Del Rio In Blind fold Match?
With the 5th pick of the 2014 NFL Draft the Oakland Raiders select....?
Does Batista try to steal Pitbull's look?
Does anybody else think Randy Orton losers the Wwe World heavightweight championship before Wrestlemania 30?
Super Bowl XLVIII: the running backs! which crew excels?
If you were the gm of knicks or 'wolves?
How do soccer players get called up for national teams?
If the Yankees do not sign Masihiro Tanaka would Matt Garza and/or Ervin Santana be good fall back options?
Wushu body type? Please!?
Why was there a line brawl with the Canucks and Flames?
what rod or rod type is best to troll?
WWE- Why do you people think Bray Wyatt has great Mic Skills?
Why does the brakes of my Dunlop Mountain Bike keep wearing out? ( Question For bike professionals)?
A pleasant surprise, I switched to YA USA and found my name on the top ten list.?
Is it too late to take mma?
WS Do you think if Jeff Hardy never left the WWE he would be the Face of the WWE right now?
How many months will it take me to run 20 miles in a day?
Is there any way I can watch the NFC title game?
Why do alot of boxing fans hate elie sechback?
Agree/Disagree, if Bryan becomes the face of the company everyone will hate him?
Stevie May hits his 20th goal for St Johnstone. Should Celtic be looking to sign him or not?
Professional Wrestling: Attitude Era: Grand Master Sexay, Billy Gunn, Farooq, Triple H, and Shawn Michaels?
Celtics vs. Heat tonight. What do you predict?
Who will return at the RR this year?
WRESTLING : Don't you think seeing ryback defeating lesnar or batista would set the tone for him?
Richard Sherman: Beast or Loudmouth?
How long till I get used to dipping?
Will you be getting the WWE Network?
WS Did everyone laugh when Daniel Bryan said he should be the Face of the WWE?
WWE- Do you think that the Royal Rumble is best PPV?
does anybody agree that brock lesnar will be wwe world heavyweight champion at elimination chamber?
What upgrades should I make to an airsoft gun before using a lipo battery.?
Any Eagles 2014-15 regular season predictions?
our lad gervinho took roma past rubentus?
is the team of the year really biased?
what sport could i start late and go pro?
Was this a rip current?
Are there any World Champion Boxers who got robbed of a victory by the judges then chose not to have a rematch?
How do I become a PGA player?
Who, right now, is frontrunner for NBA MVP?
Wrestling reporters are so dumb?
What should I wear to warm up in at a swim meet?
Who is the tna mystery investor?
What was the Man City score i missed the game?
What is the deaf guys name that plays for the Seattle Seahawks?
What if CM Punk ordered a pizza and the pizza guy was?
Can I eventually be a runner? if yes, how can i do it?
would it be worth getting back in the ring?
Which Bruins hockey game would be more exciting to watch live in Boston?
What MLB teams have absolutely no hope of winning in 2014?
Why delutional Bulls fans likes Brian Scalabrine?
Whats your opinion on Richard Sherman arrogant postgame interview?
Who do you think will win the super bowl?
Professional Wrestling: Let me get this right?
...Is Jose a genius...or an idiot?
Is aj lee the greatest diva ever?
How do the rangers fans feel ,now that they are the trampy scroungers of scottish football?
i want to use human growth hormone pills (link in description) when should i be taking them and for how long?
Tips on wrestling inprovements and muscle building exercises.?
Wich hockey stick is better? Please awnser please!?
More news on Juan Mata?
When was the first world series held?
Will Seattle's Defense shut down Payton like they did Brees?
Do you think Bacary Sagna is sexually attractive?
This boy has started annoying me alot.?
Professional Wrestling: Isn't it weird how Pro Wrestling is called for being scripted then any other media?
NBA: Really? Miami vs Boston won Fan night not Portland and OKC?
For my first gun, do I want a .22 pistol or a 9mm?
Typical offensive play selection: what roles do head coach/OC/QB have?
Why Did Savage Defect To the nWo?
is Woman's Basketball played Fundamentally and play as a Team better then Men's Basketball?
What did everyone think of Batista's return to WWE last night ?
The water in Castaic and Pyramid Lakes isn't good enough?
World Cup trophy or the UEFA Champions League trophy, which trophy is more important?
What do I need to put an eotech on my Mossberg 835 ulti-mag?
Best type of lube to use for a sig p226?
Are you being successful coyote hunting this winter?
West Bromwich Fans: What is your feeling about the whole Anelka Quenelle celebration?
How likely is it that Yoann Gourcuff will go to the 2014 World Cup ?
Anyone agree with this formation of man utd after january?
What do you think about randy orton leaving the arena last night in just his trunks?
Professional Wrestling: In all his matches since his return, What has Brock Lesnar done?
Can a baseball player with a minor league deal play in the mlb?
Juan Mata heading for Manchester United ?
My family Macmurphy hail from Scotland do you know the family?
Is everyone going to be on pacers bandwagon since they are good and they might win the championship?
Has club legend Dedryck Boyata scored yet?
Three coaches have turned Cleveland down?
NFL- Who do you think is the Top 5 QB's of all time?
Is it true that RvP has been asked by doctors to take a prolonged break from football?
Are the Browns having difficulty filling the HC spot and why?
Breaking news EPL teams that win nothing will defect to the SPL comments ?
if your dad played for man united, would you tell your friends, or be to embarrassed?
cruz azul hidalgo vs pachuca who will win plus bqs?
What's the difference between David Moyes and a dog driving a car?
Can anyone take Batista serious when he's wearing skinny jeans?
Golden Tate: a FA in '14-'15. Will Coach & GM let him leave?
Is this the first time that the two Superbowl teams also met in the preseason?
Hi,what happens if you do a 3XDoubles and Treble,(trixie),2 of them win and other a non runner?
I suck at basketball breakaways!?
Juan Mata to Manchester United?
What year superbowl is it?
MLB Players Incensed Over A-Fraud's Lawsuit?
What's the difference between Old Trafford and a library?
anyone else hoping for a blizzard on Super Bowl Sunday?
Can the Broncos rely on Manning’s passing game in cold weather against the number 1 pass defense in the NFL?
Am i the only one who wants to see jeff and matt hardy back as a prolific tag team?
Is it true Rangers fans go to Newcastle to taste big time football ?
What do man utd and a purse have in common?
Professional Wrestling: What did you think of World Wrestling Entertainment's Monday Night RAW!?
With the 4th pick of the 2014 NFL Draft the Houston Texans select....?
Poll: Are you going to watch the Superbowl without Tom Brady in it?
Why do people say 26 years of success destroyed in 6 months?
WRESTLING SURVEY : TRUE or FALSE : Size always matters?
I got suspened, but I'm back like Batista +WQ?
Who's won more European cups, Celtic or Sir Alex Ferguson?
Do you think Sir Alex Ferguson was sad when Manchester United sacked him?
why the fuss about man united?
Seriously why can't these stupid celtic fan accept they're crap?
Will Manchester United fans feel a bit SEA sick as they watch all the clubs SWAN about the FA CUP?
Don't you think it is good that Sky Sports are showing Italian football matches?
Who are Celtic playing in the last 16 of the champions league?
What is the best street fighting martial art ever?
what do you think the outcome of sting vs magnus will be?
who is the most overrated qb in the 2014 recruiting class?
what does the referee be telling the wrestlers?
This weekend Manchester United fans will either feel six or be 8'n life?
What Intelligent team Spent Over 130Million to come third?
I've run out of Celtic shirts, will toilet paper do?
Wdf man Yahoo canada has changed and it's ruined?
Seahawks or Broncos ?
Would you come to AJ Lee's party if you were invited?
Will another team ever be trolled?
Will Brock Lesnar go over the Big Show at Royal Rumble?
When do they announce the players for the 2014 all-star game?
If you could build a basketball team with these attributes, which positions would you give them to?
Richard Sherman vs Booker T?
Will The rangers have to cut their cloth to suit and live within their means ?
Why do the 49ers half to play the Saints in New Orleans for third year in a row?
How can I get into shape and improve my tennis skills under these circumstances?
what are the ducks i can hunt in oregon?
NFL- Do you think the NFL should get rid of the extra points?
USA Soccer World Cup Starting XI? Captain?
Do you think Bale should have opted to go to Manchester United over Real Madrid?
Have WE (man u ) signed Mata YET?
What good do concealed weapons do?
Scottish Football. Satty Singh & Dave King now majority shareholders?
When does the USA annonuce who made the Skeleton team?
Serious Question <_<?
When is the Super Bowl and who are the contenders?
Is this years one of the Hardest Ballon D Oros ever ? 2013-2014! Will Argentina have an easy Route?
SUPER BOWL XLVIII: will this showcase the LAST pocket passer?
Were you born when Liverpool last won the league?
Do football fans think that FOOTBALLERS are as shallow as them?
Özil is overrated and Mata is underrated, Agree?
how can i get stamina fast?
Please give me your thoughts about the Super Bowl?
There is talk of a two tier cricket where you have the Test Match in a promotion relegation siruation?
Is rooney playing tommorow no bs please?
Pacquiao vs Bradley official for April, Provodnikov vs Rios in May, who wins both?
Are they going to persist in having a Test Match World cup?
Would signing Dante be a step backwards for Manchester United?
Where will Özil be in 2 years when Bale wins Ballon D'or?
What are the benefits of hosting the Sochi 2014 Olympics ?
Can someone tell me how the hell this symbol came to be a logo for the Anaheim Ducks?
Only an Arsenal fan would say Özil is better than Gareth Bale?
Well I need this like I need a hole in the head but it looks interesting?
Can Man utd really finish above an in form Liverpool and Tottenham who have both beat man utd?
How would a guy like Brock Lesnar handle someone like Paul \Big Show\ Wight?
how would a guy like Brock Lesnar handle someone like Paul \Big Show\ Wight?
What do other parts of the world think about American Football?
Moyes' Everton > Moyes' Man utd?
How much should NFL cheerleaders make per game ?
what fish can you catch from santa monica/ venice pier?
Is Vince Lombardi rolling over in his grave?
Did anyone get inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame last night?
Have Manchester United started there seasonal comeback?
Should Gerrard be in Liverpool's current XI?
Is it true that Manny Pacquiao never fought any Lineals Above Superfeather Weight except Hatton?
Spaniards, what is Spain NT current best formation and starting XI?
Should I play soccer?
Will Ax be a surprise entrant in the royal rumble?
Who do you want to win each match at the Royal Rumble?
What is England NT current best formation and Starting XI?
Iceland olympic questions?
Super Bowl going to be a surprise?
MANCHESTER UNITED set to launch AUDACIOUS bid for CELTIC keeper FRASER FORSTER?
How many years has it been since Liverpool last win the league?
Did you know that in the last 6 pl games Özil had the same # of assists as Mata who played 360 minutes less?
Fraser Forster for Manchester United - is it a wise move?
'I'm not a gangster-I'm a gangsta rapper'-Usman plea to Government as they fail to deport him.?
Is it okay for a girl to play football?
Is it okay for a girl to play football?
Who's better, Mata or Özil?
Manchester United in for Dante?
How would you rate Richard Sherman's interpersonal skills?
Does Batista try to steal Pitbull's look?
Professional Wrestling: How come Professional Wrestling Fans don't seem to get these few things?
Why is it that Chelsea no where near top level managed to beat man utd 3-1?
What is main difference with this Seahawk team vs 2005 team?
I hate my job, company, manager, everything about it is just so terrible and weak I just want to leave?
is danny welbeck as rubbish as everyone says?
D you think Ozil would play if he was a Chelsea player?
Ice fishing scouting help?
What does this Lovren-Smalling debate tell you about the football knowledge of some people on here?
Who are the Top 10 WWE wrestlers that has a chance to compete for the WWE World Heavyweight Championship?
Why is Everyone questioning Ozil's Quality?
Is the quality of Scottish referees on the decline?
@N.W.A Do you watch any games outside of the EPL?
What do man utd and a back pack have in common?
Why did Cristiano Ronaldo have to buy his son for £10 million pounds?
What do you think of the orange card / sin bin proposal?
Mata to man utd? Funniest joke I've heard in a long time?
Who will win the WWE World Heavyweight Championship at the Royal Rumble 2014?
Who are all of the 30 participants in the Royal Rumble 2014?
Who will win the Royal Rumble 2014?
Would Usian Bolt do a better job for Man United than Valencia?
Are you surprised at Hibs and Dundee Utd recent performances?
does Usain Bolt still wants to play?
Professional Wrestling: Which World Wrestling Entertainment Return was more impressive?
Who's the best central defensive midfielder in the world right now?
If you're a climber what's a technique that dates you?
Which Marshall art do I pick?
My kx85 will not start by kicking it?
how to fight a faster boxer im amateur boxing?
EFS: Which famous people said these football-related quotes...?
Penalty points for an illegally potted red ball in Snooker?
WRESTLING : Which storyline do you wish was current in the wwe?
Where can i watch WWE Shows and PPVs on YouTube?
Why do so many NFL fans not acknowledge the championships won by teams before the Super Bowl era?
Are you more interested in watching the Super Bowl or The Olympics this year?
What do you like about the Superbowl? The commercials or the game?
WHat should i do about this?
Do you think it's possible to get as excited about the Super Bowl if I don't care who wins or loses as?
Which team Denver Broncos or Seattle Seahawks in Superbowl?
Should i start training again?
And Patriots fans wonder why we can't stand their team or their quarterback?
Did Nikki Bella's car pick up Randy Orton last night?
why ishant sharma plaing in indian team?
MANCHESTER UNITED want to SIGN CAVANI - a good replacement for RVP and Rooney?
Am i in good position for tight end in football?
Can someone explain the format of Copa do Brasil knock-out football tournament?
Question for the Aussies! Do you like Bernard Tomic and why was he getting booed at the Australian Open?
So is it 100% Batista will win the royal rumble?
How do broadcasters know who to interview at the end of a NFL game?
Do you find this entertaining?
Who do you guys think will win the 2013 Super Bowl?
How many fps does it take, for an airsoft gun to go through a can?
WRESTLING : TRUE or FALSE : BATISTA'S return was the most boring ever?
How do get better at serving and two handed back hand?
If a cricket team were a dog would it be fair to beat it badly?
Can any gymnasts help me with Backflip/Back Handspring Fear??
Why wwe become so boring and unexited?
Should I trade Noah and carter-williams for dirk and lillard?
Is this the end of the world as we know it for Mosin Nagant rifle owners?
a sport that can be done in a wheelchair. Have you seen a wheelchair jump before?
OFF TOPIC: What is the stupidest thing a girl has ever said to you?
With the 3rd pick of the 2014 NFL Draft the Jacksonville Jaguars select......?
What skimboard is right for me?
Thoughts on Muslims and the upcoming winter Olympic in russia?
Who do you think will win the Capital One Cup between?
Mata's not worth £37 million is he?
English game will never move forward unless we get rid of the FA?
During the Xmas break,I was on holidays from the cricket section?
Are Tom Brady's best years far behind him?
aerial rope-way dead man?
Lets pretend you are a 5th degree black belt in say Judo and you were instructing a class?
As I haven't posted for a while?
Who has a better pout?
So, after what happened last night, who else thinks this match will happen at WM 30?
Do pitchers often get back injuries due to the pace they pitch at?
Any Southampton fans around here?
How much for a Colt AR-15?
Hows this for ANZAC spirit/relations?
Kickboxing and terrified to kick someone in their gentleman bits. Any male kick boxers with insight?
Good pair of k2 skis for small, 135 lb male.?
did you know Batista is 1-0 in mma?
What do you think of Tom Brady saying he will not watch the Super Bowl?
I've been looking for a picture of the footprints poen with sand and water around it for my shin?
If The Broncos win the Superbowl should Peyton Manning retire?
Who is more popular in their prime: Stone Cold or The Rock?
Who is more popular in their prime: Bret Hart or Shawn Michaels?
should I get a .177 or .20 cal air rifle?
Super Bowl 48 predictions?
Are stoners going taking over the super bowl?
Who are the available coaches out there?
Why does the team that host the superbowl suck?
how to make my self a good fighter?
Can oil damage the paint of a machete?
NFL- Do you think Mark Sanchez will get a shot to be a starting QB?
Is it possible to walk on a College Football Team without playing High School Football?
What do you guys think are the best athletic training shoes?
Where I can get some cheap sports tickets?
what type of professional boxing match could offer a purse of 500 million dollars? payable through?
Does skaters use khaki? jeans or what kind of pants?
How can I get faster on my 40 yard dash and put on size?
Why yall hating on Richard sherman?
how can i become a better flyer? (cheer)?
Since the game cannot end in a tie, how long could the Super Bowl go on before they call it a night?
how can i become a better base? (cheer)?
Should the NFL fine Richard Sherman, Seattle Sea Hawks for his unsportmanship conduct after the game?
Why do the fans cheer when wwe say the name of their city on the mic(whoever' cutting a promo)?
What would happen if you locked Richard Sherman and T.O. in a room together?
Who also agrees that Ricardo Lamas will beat Jose Aldo by Unanimous Decision and captures his belt?
Who do you think the Chicago bulls will sign in the nba free agency 2014?
Which free agents will the bears sign that includes the defense?
Can Jay Cutler improve to be more consistant? What about being more durable? I need to know the answers badly.?
Kyle Long Is a pro bowler. Emery did a good job. Will he do the same with the 14th overall pick in 2014 draft?
I just realized Veracruz is in 1st Division?
Trestman is the best coach in the NFC north behind McCarthy. Agree? Stupid lion fans disagree. LMAO Caldwell!!?
Is Batista and Brock lesnar going to bump heads at royal rumble/wrestlmeania or will wwe.......?
how can get flexible fast?
I need some soccer advice! So read below!?
Isn't it obvious that wwe will script brock lesnar to win his match at royal rumble?
Homemade urban ski bungee?
what's up with the thumb downs in the mfs?
Peyton Manning All Time Rank?
What's your super bowl prediction?
WRESTLING : Who do you think will be the first to defeat BATISTA?
How Do you go semi pro at skateboarding?
Is it wrong to have mixed up tennis brands?
Do you think CM Punk should win the 2014 Royal Rumble as entry #1?
Can a hockey stick and a lacrosse stick be used as weapons?
Can a hockey stick and a lacrosse stick be used as weapons?
With the 2nd pick of the 2014 NFL Draft the St. Louis Rams select....?
Yall im 5'6 do u think its any pills that can get me tall as 6'2?
Is this Taekwondo school a mcdojo/mcdojang?
Does the MFS support Gays?
How many matches will Bangladesh win at Asia Cup?
SUPER BOWL XLVIII: what is the word on Harvin?
Do you agree with me?
Which superstar of this era is comparable to Kurt Angle?
Will Barcelona finally sign a defender this summer?
What color fishing lure do I use for each time of day/ water color?
Do gyms have lockers?
So far is it safe to say that Bill O'Brien has been the best HC hired this NFL offseason?
Are the Tampa Bay Buccaneers really giving Lovie Smith full personnel control?
I am going to say 3....what's the over/under on how many months before Tampa Bay fans?
What shoes to you recommend for tennis?
I think I know who was the driver in the car Randy Orton entered tonight to close out Raw!! Your thoughts?
Is Kenny Wisenhunt hiring Russ Grimm to be on his coaching staff?
Would it be funny if Cena's father was driving the car?
Good pair of Running Shoes?
Were you surprised That John Cena arrived late to Raw tonight?
what is up with all the trolls in this section?
WS Besides Batista's Return was Orton getting in that random car the only exiting thing that happen on Raw?
Wwere you surprised John Cena wears his wrestling attire when he travels?
Do you think John Cena's dad is smiling knowing his son got revenge on Randy Orton?
What do you think of JBL believing Randy Orton stole that car?
Will the cake incident with AJ Lee cost her the support of Tamina and the Divas Championship?
Best 4-16x44 scope for less than $200?
Is anyone else shocked that John Cena walked in the cold into the arena with only shorts and a t-shirt?
what is your favorite wwe flim?
Would you had stopped to pick up Randy Orton?
How does the education of a surf camp compare to enrolling in a series of surfing lessons?
Was that Camara man standing there all night?
What do you think of JBL saying Kofi Kingston should make a name for himself by beating Randy Orton?
Bmx bike help, chain makes clicking/popping noise randomly?
And with the 1st pick of the 2014 NFL Draft the Houston Texans select....?
why does wrestling have non title matches?
After tonight, am I dumb to think Big Show will beat Brock Lesnar at Royal Rumble?
why is cm punk boring?
WS How Rude was that of Daniel Bryan stealing the spotlight from The Wyatt's and The Uso's?
Why isn't there an NBA franchise in St. Louis?
Should John Cena be paid even though he's extremely late for work?
What was your reaction when you saw no one went to AJ Lee's party tonight?
Why did the Lions not upgrade their head football coach?
I know they mentioned Mae Young on Smackdown but any mention of her on Raw tonight?
What are the chances that Bebo is all natural?
Let's say you were the only one who attended AJ Lee's party, what would be going through your mind?
Is Percy Harvin ever going to play?
WWE- Do you care about Martin Lurther King?
Im right handed and when I do backspins, i go counter clockwise. arent right handers suppose to go clockwise?
Can i get noticed by scouts in track?
Should Ravens trade for Boldin?
Were you surprised that Wade Barrett nor Josh Matthews asked out AJ Lee in her party?
If Stone Cold had never hurt his neck could you see him still wrestling right now or making 1 more title run?
AJ LEE should be the wwe heavy weight champion?
What do you think of Jerry Lawler saying he would throw the cake at Josh Matthews?
What year and model Gary Fisher Marlin bike is this?
Have you ever had a party where no one showed up?
Would you have went to AJ Lee's Longest Reiging Divas Champion party?
What do you think of JBL saying he always has people in his party by paying them?
Why WWE trying to bury Brock Lesnar?
Would you had gone to AJ Lee's party celebrating her longest Divas reign?
Jeremy Lin better off traded, what is your take?
Were Around the Horn and PTI on Today?
Should Big Show WMD Brock Lesnar in the stomach, like Alistair Overeem did against Lesnar?
How do you think JBL feels after his hat has been getting beaten tonight?
Union Snowboard Binding HELP!!!!?
Did anyone else laugh at Big Show impersonating Paul Heyman?
Agree/Disagree: Aj Lee Is Over With The WWE Fans .. !?
Do you think Paul Heyman was embarrassed to talk because Big Show showed him how bad he sounds?
Who will win? Cm punk or Daniel bryan?
How come there is no outrageous cocky players in the NBA like Richard Sherman?
Who Would Be Your Dream 30th Entrant At The Royal Rumble .. !?
what's the status on the injured Lakers?
Wrestling Section - Why are there a lot of CM Punk haters in the WS?
if cm punk faces triple h at wm230 then who will daniel bryan face?
Do you think Batista looks like a poor man's Rock?
Will the patriots win another Super Bowl?
Who are some of your picks to win the 2014 Royal Rumble match?
Do you agree with JBL Is Rey Mysterio a baby?
Why Is CM Punk Obsessed With Main Eventing WrestleMania .. !?
Re-joining highschool football?
Does Alberto Del Rio actually star in Mexican soap-operas on Univision?
Why does everyone hate Richard Sherman now? Is it jealousy?
Can you connect braided line to a wire leader?
Agree or Disagree, saying people only like Daniel Bryan for he's YES! chant is saying.....?
where will the rangers finish?
cheap cheap 22lr revolver?
Who else doesnt watch the Super Bowl because their favorite team isnt in it?
where can i watch lackers vs bull online?
Do you agree with Jerry Lawler should Alberto Del Rio wear a mask?
WS Michael Cole Said only 2 WWE Wrestlers have won the Royal Rumble at Number 1 why didn't he name them?
Is Daniel Bryan The Most Over Superstar In WWE History .. !?
WS Where's the Main Event Player Brodus Clay?
How to become an awesome GUard in basketball?
Why am I sensing AJ Styles and Jeff Hardy are going to be in the Royal Rumble to get back at Dixie Carter?
Which One Of These Will Happen First .. !?
Where were you last bored on a slab?
How hard will you laugh at the Seachickens fan who got the SB champs tattoo?
Why didn't Kane decide to have CM Punk come out at #2 instead of #1 at Royal Rumble?
how can I go faster on a road bike?
Okay, so CM Punk is number 1, could Jeff Hardy be number 2?
Boxing: Is it now clear to all that Pacquiao is dying to fight Floyd...?
Top 5 Quarter Backs in NFL?
How do you think JBL felt when CM Punk spoke to him?
Do you think Chuck Palumbo checks out Billy Gunn when he wrestles nowadays?
So instead of CM Punk having to deal with a bigger Kane, he gets to deal with old and washed up Billy Gunn?
Can You Name ONE Thing You Like About Ryback .. !?
Bass Pro coupons, discounts? Buying a bow from them.?
Why not just have the Outlaws theme say the \A\ word? Mark Henry's theme has it.?
If a WWE management official can't touch a WWE Superstar, why did Triple H push CM Punk a month or so ago?
Was it despicable of CM Punk to attack Kane?
NHL ice vs Olympic ice rinks?
Professional Wrestling: So. What is with everybody sudden issue with Daniel Bryan, Dean Ambrose and CM Punk?
Do you agree with JBL, did CM Punk deserve the Choke slam from Kane?
is there a backyard wrestling federation in new London CT that I can join I'm 15?
Should i play Lacrosse or Track and field?
Who wins this trade? (Fantasy hockey)?
Do you agree with Brad Maddox is Batista the best comeback of all time?
Do you think Daniel Bryan really exposed a weakness of Bray Wyatt's?
So if Daniel Bryan is facing Bray Wyatt at the Rumble, is he not going to be in the Rumble match?
Who else was excited to see Emma in the crowd?
WWE- Is Daniel Bryan aloud to shave his beard?
Do you think Daniel Bryan will kiss his mother before he faces The Wyatt family?
WS I'm I the only one not brain wash by Daniel Bryan to yell YES?
Is it time for Brady to come to terms with the fact that he not as good as Peyton?
How do I know what spindle length to use?
WWE- Is the Yes Chant the worst, most annoying chant?
WS Daniel Bryan time to change the channel?
Wrestling Section just be honest with me please?...?
Who Would You Say Is The Favourite To Win The Royal Rumble .. !?
I own a skateboard used by Ronnie Creager, I believe he used it in the X-Games?
WWE- Are you happy that The New Age Outlaws get a Tag Team Title shot?
Do you think it hurt John Cena Sr's feelings that Stephanie McMahon called him an old man?
Why did Batista get a loud ovation? Did the crowd forget he quit and whined last time he was in a WWE ring?
Why do Obama and others want to boycott the Russian Olympics?
MFS: Americanistas: Is this a never ending story?
I'm scared to go to camp...?
What do you think about these 90's NBA Duos/Trios?
What are some of the regular season matchups you are looking forward to seeing next year?
Do you think Cody Rhodes has stolen everything from his brother, Goldust except his make up?
Does anyone else respect Triple H's and Stephanie McMahon's attitude towards Randy Orton tonight?
Mayweather vs Pacquiao. Who loses more?
Why is Dean Ambrose swinging his title around his parts?
so let us see. whomever wins from orton vs cena?
Do you think Cena will arrive in a white limo?
Why does John Cena get to arrive later than all the other Superstars tonight on Raw?
Do you think Batista looks awkward in his tight hoodie and skinny jeans?
THE ANIMAL IS BACK!!!?
What do you think was Dave Hytmen's reaction when Batista came out?
Why do return always get ruined by awful crowds and awful commentary?
How many times can a player challenge the decision of the referee during a tennis match?
Do you think Mr. Cena should still consider pressing charges against Orton?
Who would win these WWE vs TNA matches?
Do you think Randy Orton still have that car that Triple H gave him with his own money?
If CM Punk Hates Travelling, Then Why Did He Become A Wrestler .. !?
How much 50lb braided line will fit on this reel?
Do you agree with Michael Cole is Kofi Kingston beating Randy Orton one of the biggest Upsets ever?
Adrien Broner vs Marcos Maidana rematch?
Who else got trolled by Randy Orton?
What would be your reaction if WWE trolled everyone and there was no Batista return?
Airsoft: Im planning on getting an Airsoft co2 pistol?
Tampa Bay fans: are you ready for failed draft picks, wasted free agent money...?
Are you happy with your teams performance so far this season?
do you think womens mma is being advertised wrong?
Who Is More Popular/Over With The Crowd, Daniel Bryan Now Or CM Punk In 2011 .. !?
Which team do you think will get relegated this season?
Do you think Omaha Manning's 30 second audibles are ruining Football as we know it?
Who are the top 10 teams in the nba?
Pinnacle platinum lp100 reel not locking?
Do You Think Batista Will Attack CM Punk .. !?
What did Crabtree say about Richard Sherman?
Seattle-Denver Super Bowl gonna be boring?
49ers fans: How faith do you have in Colin Kaepernick?
What do you dislike about your favourite wrestler?
Who would win in a 1 on 1, Paul Pierce in his prime or Paul George now?
Is there a game plan against Percy Harvin if he plays?
£300 to spend on a ladies/unisex road bike. what would you choose and why?
Do you think Al Jefferson can help a fantasy team?
Will Jim Harbaugh go down as one of the coaches who couldn't win the big one?
How much would you pay for Richard Sherman?
When did the NFL start having games on Christmas Day?
Are these considered/counted as girlfights?
Are these considered/counted as girlfights?
Any truth in Utd lining up 37mill bid for Mata?
@United fans Reality states that United will not make top four this season?
Mfs anyone here gonna go to any international freindlys in the U.S?
Broncos Seahawks Superbowl Score predictions?
What should happen to Wes Welker for injuring Aqib Talib?
America vs Atlas ..Atlas has had a rough start and?
Official match balls durable?
Have there ever been any year since 1970 when there were multiple pitchers that posted ERAs under 2.00?
how do you think WWE will end cena's era and how much longer will cena be in WWE?
Do you think Atletico Madrid missed the title by not winning last night?
Was the Hit Wes Welker popped on and injured Aqib Talib a Clean or Dirty Hit in your opinion?
Figure Skating Dress Question (ladies help)?
Do all your family support the same team as you do?
Seahawks Or The Broncos?
Professional Wrestling: Isn't it sad that Kofi Kingston and Curtis Axel are classed as Veterans now?
As Bork Laser ever rassled Batista?
Why do people keep saying Superbowl 48 is in New York?
What did Richard Sherman say in nfl post game?
What if CM Punk ordered Chinese Food and the delivery guy was?
What do you think about the Seahawks possibly winning the Super Bowl?
Will Lovie Smith be taking the 4.5 hour drive to Atlanta from Mobile to get him some Harold's Chicken?
How was David De Gea unproven before he signed for Manchester United..?
Scottish football.Predictor knockout,who is in the semi-final?
Next year there will be a RARE Superbowl regular season rematch?
in truth, it should not be Arsenal and Chelsea challenging ?
What does intangibles mean when on a team?
Whats all this im hearing about us signing the EGYPTIAN MESSI ?
What did Richard Sherman say in NFL playoff post game?
Your thoughts on Roger Goodell proposal of getting rid of the extra point?
the center splits...will I ever get them?
Starting to runand have a ton of questions?
Would you rather your team won a trophy or finished above your rivals?
Advice on running? (Really need help)?
Motivations?! Please help!!!?
How to be a fast runner?! Help!!!?
Are you praying that Welker takes out Sherman??
WS is Roman Reigns the future Face of The WWE?
So I guess this officially proves that the 2013-2014 Seahawks are better than the 49ers, correct?
Did Anelka get booed with every touch tonight?
Should rey mysterio win the royal rumble 2014?
Can a player make the All-Star game coming off the bench for their team (NBA)?
With all the chatter about Richard Sherman?
My soccer team has 7points after three matches how bout yours?
How do you guys feel about The Animal Batista Returning?
What are songs simalar to WWE Maria's Legs like that?
Lol wat donky is da usman such pahetic wher he gon?
Okay so i just got an older snowboard and I can't find bindings?!?
How would you react if Raw started this way? +BQ?
42 The Jackie Robinson Story?
Is piojo Herrera crazy look at this pic?
Is Russell Wilson elite?
how to get a ct ammo permit?
What paintball marker would you consider the best?
SUPER BOWL XLVIII: Will Welker be tasked with 'Taking Out' Seahawks?
Why isn't Renee Young on that show with the other women who cannot wrestle?
Petr Cech or Thibaut Courtois?
Basketball Section: Seahawks or Broncos?
Boxing fans did Floyd Mayweather ever say anything about the Randy Couture vs James Toney fight?
More scary to get into an altercation with Cain Velasquez or Carlo Gambino?
THE Cesaros swing sucks?
Should Richard Sherman and Donkeykong Suh get together and go bowling?
I am in the U.S. Army. I know everything about guns. I need a civilian weapon system. What do I need?
Was Wes Welker *ordered* to go and \Injure Talib\?
Am i the only one who thinks Adnan Januzaj is a diver!?
Why did Jim Harbaugh call those two remaining time outs at the end of the game yesterday?
Can someone explan the rules of football to me?
NFL FANS- How many times will Peyton Manning...?
Does it annoy you when your team scores and the teammates are emotionless?
I want to get a deer this season. Help?
Will England win a game on this tour, or will...?
Why do I keeping hearing how great Frank Gore is?
Which of these teams are more popular?
would you want Richard Sherman on your team?
Who do you think should be Spains Goal Keeper?
Daniel Bryan Concussion Fake?
During press conference, did Sherman really say »Fantasy players wouldn't put Crabtree on their team«?
Will West Brom beat Everton tonight?
Best player in cricket who's next personally Micheal Warner and Mitchel Johnson and amla are good for me?
How to get an inner thigh gap with running, how long?
What if Daniel Bryan ordered a pizza and the pizza guy was?
Will Scotland advance from the group stages of the WC?
How to defend against a bully without fighting?
which sportsbooks is giving better odds in sports ?
2013 Peyton as the '08 Lions' starting QB: How many games would the Lions have won in 2008?
Do your friends give you wild game meat when you cant go hunting?
Broncos really should've kept Tebow?
What do you guys think of Edgar Pacheco ?
Carlos Vela named La Liga's best player of December?
Swimming: Need tips for 50 free!?
What does hi vis in the hypervenoms mean?
When does fantasy baseball 2014 start?
Do you think it was wrong at the time for Triple h and Stephanie to do what they did to Chyna?
Utd fans - what's it like having a 3rd choice national goalie ?
How could Wes Welker turn into a dirty player so quickly?
Jean Pascal vs Lucian Bute?
When is a black guy going to be WWE World Heavyweight Champion (Serious Question)?
Were Man Utd fans spoiled by Fergie ?
denver/seattle.....BUD BOWL I.....WHO YA GOT?
Nickolas anelka issue i do not think it was meant to take offence when he did his inverted salute?
Does this make you sick?
Your thoughts on Ribery still crying about the Golden ball ? Iniesta should have won atleast one yet he?
what are the 8 ways other than a hit a batter can get to first?
How is biking good for you?
Which road bike should I buy under £400.?
TCW: First espisode of PhenomenalTV. You Ready Marcus?
Super Bowl XLVIII: who will defend who?
Does baseball need a salary cap?
How to make a waterproof roof?
Do you agree with the belief that \not all people are born equal\?
Looking for a weapon system that suits me?
If defense wins championships, will Seattle win the Super Bowl?
Will this year's Super Bowl be sponsored by marijuana?
TCW: Hey Marcus, I'm thinking about starting my own little talk show?
Professional Wrestling: Enthuse for Rabirr! what exactly is your issue with World Wrestling Entertainment?
Can you load gun powder in shotgun shells.?
What is going to happen to the sidelined 49er that sucker punched the Seahawk during a play (video)?
Braid or fluoro? Med-Heavy rod with baitcast reel.?
MVP is coming to tna?
I have a Nishiki Super 5 Serial # is KS79298 I think it was made in 1970 It's in Fair Cond?
What size skis should I buy?
Who was the greatest leader - Hitler, Stalin, George W Bush, Mussolini,?
superbowl predictions?
Communism, Nazism or Judaism?
How much would a restaurant menu signed by 10 of the Red Sox players cost?
Would you play Welbeck ahead of Hernandez?
Genghis Khan, Joseph Stalin or Adolf Hitler, who had the better moustache?
Is Bill Belichick a robot?
Will Seattle be able to bring their refs, who gave them the victory yesterday, with them to the Super Bowl?
Professional Wrestling: Do you think Daniel Bryan is an Overrated World Wrestling Entertainment Puppet?
WRESTLING : Would you rather see the SHIELD stick together or break up/solo?
how can I join cage fighting at 15 yrs old?
Should thug Richard Sherman be suspended for the Superbowl for physically attacking Erin Andrews?
Are you happy to see the Patriots and 69ers eliminated?
How to use Sai's?
can anybody give me elite guarding system or just username and password?
Why do I see his face? Why does he talk to me? Why does he appear at night?
Where should i live? If i love hunting?
Why do I keep seeing David Moyes' face in the corner of my room at night?
Is Coach Belichick being a big poopy whiner? He complained about the Welker hit on Talib, and thinks?
Is David Moyes aware of the availability of Eric Djemba-Djemba....?
Is the 2014 NFL Combine open to the public?
Is Crabtree overrated?
What's does it mean if I dream about David Moyes winning a game?
WRESTLING: On a scale of 1-10 how excited you are about the return of Batista?
Iniesta or Xavi, who would you rather have?
Who is the best team right now?
could earnhardt sr NASCAR still be good driver?
Good All-Weather gun for under 400$?
Has the Seattle Seahawks' stadium(s) ever hosted a Super Bowl?
Does anybody know when daniel bryan will return from his concussion?
Can i own and shoot vermin in a 5 acre property just out of town, with a .22lr?
Does Ribery have a right to be aggrieved at missing out on the Ballon d'Or?
Is Smalling more like Maldini, Cannavaro or Inzaghi?
Does Ribery have a right to be aggrieved at missing out on the Ballon d'Or?
Was the Red Wing's goal against the Kings on Satuday night the flukiest goal you have ever seen?
What NFL team do you think has the most underrated history?
Why don't Man United fans like it when their other fans call their club Man U?
Why is it so easy to gain a top contributer badge on this section?
Michael Crabtree a #1 WR?
A solid win by Pakistan and I must say , disgraceful captaincy by Matthews ?
What is the record for number of strikeouts in an inning?
Why did your team lose?
Who do you think Brazil's main player is for the World Cup?
Why is it wrong to call Man United manure?
should the NE pick up Randy moss and green-ellis and steve Johnson. would that be a good Wr line up for NFL?
Why are the Seahawks more deserving of the Lombardi Trophy than the Broncos?
Do you think PSG can win the UCL?
Does anyone have anthing good to say about Fox Sports Telecasts?
who's going to win the superbowl?
Which QB choked the most on Sunday?
How will this season's Pro Bowl be different from and better than before?
Belichick says Welker deliberately hurt Talib do you agree?
Why is everybody calling richard sherman classless when its crabtree who pushed shermans helmet to the face?
Why was Super Bowl Sunday moved from January to February?
Championship clubs and promotion?.?
Arsenal fans..you just have to read this?
Why should the Seahawks add Richie Incognito to its O line next season?
Why do you think that Martin Luther King would cheer for the Seahawks rather than the Broncos?
Professional Wrestling: People would rather accept ***** ****** then Triple H and Jeff Hardy?
Will the Knicks beat the Nets today at MSG?
Is there any other semi-automatic rifle that's shorter than the SUB-2000?
How well is a 35-minute 5k?
Why won't Super Bowl XLVIII be a blowout?
Who is the best soccer player in all of England-land?
NFL: talk. I am notD riding tom brady. comment 10 point?
Had Fail Mary gone the other way, would Russell Wilson be where he is today?
Will WWE ever have these matches again?
I have two weeks to get my 1.5 mile run down to 12:50... currently at 13.30?
Will a Super Bowl loss destroy the Seahawks franchise?
Does Seatle Seahawks player Richard Sherman have brain damage or is he just really paranoid & needs help?
when did Aston Villa last win the FA Cup?
Maybe its just as well Celtic wont be signing Fletcher. Would you want a player with this kind of mentality?
Why is it ok for the 49ers to taunt the Panthers but not ok for the Seahawks to do it to them?
WS: Are you going to watch the Chris Benoit episodes in the WWE Network?
Yuk, now I have to root for the Broncos. Was Championship Sunday a clusterf*** for you as well?
When will TCW Aftermath air?
Who will win the UEFA champions league 2014?
Is is too farfetched to think that the Super Bowl MVP could be from the losing team?
Are you more interested in the Madden Simulation of the Super Bowl than the Super Bowl itself?
How can I tighten loose ski boots?
Who was injured on the 49ers in the game yesterday, and how's he doing?
Baines rejects Utd to stay at a tiny club like Neverton?
When the Seahawks win the Super Bowl, will they be one of the greatest in history?
R. Martinez or Moyes?
Does Tom Brady deserve MVP?
How would you feel if Ian Holloway got Millwall promoted?
With the 2014 super bowl coming,I want to buy a pcs 2014 super bowl jerseys,where can buy the cheap jerseys?
why do spurs fans say they're the PRIDE?
What's with American sports?
In their current form, could Arsenal take on Man City?
Did you Utd ever replace Roy Queen?
Who was more responsible for the 49ers loss to Seattle?
Why add fantasy to evolution?
how do martial artists who create their own style advance in rank?
Why do people call lebron lebum?
How to train a beginner soccer player?
Professional Wrestling: Was Extreme Championship Wrestling 1994 - 2001 overrated?
Is wwe going stale+Tcw?
Does JEROME Champagne have a chance at the FIFA Presidency?
muay thai and cycling?
how comes Spurs are never on the?
how can we cheer up the utd?
Best Richard Sherman meme after the interview?
What happen in TCW chaos?
Given how Roger is playing, do you fancy him to take the Aust. title?
Name the 5 British and Irish racecourses that haven't got these letters in their name?
Do you see WW III braeking out in cricket section due to the?
Liverpool to sign Salah?
Quick Poll: Are Pakistan going to win this test?
Can Eli manning lose the starting qb job?
Do you think Barry Ferguson will go into management?
Has AB De Villiars quietly become the worlds greatest batsman?
Who would win the NBA SF 1 on 1 tournament?
Has a pinch hitter ever got 2 hits in a single inning?
is snowboarding hard to learn?
Professional Wrestling: Who truly cares about Chris Sabin W/ Velvet Sky Vs Austin Aries?
Do you think the next time Rangers & Celtic play it'll be the higher viewing figures Sky Sports have had?
I just checked the Vegas odds and they have the Seahawks as the underdogs, why is that?
How long would you stay under if you wiped out at these surf spots.?
Is it too much to ask united to play zaha and chicharito?
do you believe in chinese MA?
How do users from other countries see this?
center balance stock system?
Was chinese MA completely useless in ancient wars?
Who agrees that Jose Aldo is kinda overrated?
Is Jonathan Toews the favorite to win the Selke Trophy again this year? If not, why?
Who will win The Royal Rumble match?
What negative sides are there to the ICC proposals?
How many times has the #1 offense met the #1 defense in the SB?
Is it safe to say that Chicago may very well be on their way to a repeat Championship like Detroit in 1998?
Championship Sunday: Your Immediate Take Away?
Who thinks Khabib Nurmagomedov has the proper skill set to not only beat Pettis, but Jose Aldo? If not, why?
Lebron Shoes Where I Can Buy It?
Ouch Serena....well done Ana?
How to make a super sport motorbike at home?
If I jump into swimming pool what will eat me?? fish or shark...?
Would Pakistan press for a victory asks Moorthy?
Toughest guys on your favorite team?
Do you think Kurt Angle would ever return to wwe?
Most successful bowler & wicketkeeper/fielder combinations in Test cricket?
What do you think of hunting deer with a howitzer cannon?
I want to do group fitness classes in BOXING in Australia, but lack confidence due to experience!?
NFL- Will Matt Schaub, Michael Vick, Tim Tebow or Josh Freeman get a chance to be a starting QB in the NFL?
Who do you think will win the super bowl, bro?
large offset, short trail and a headtube angle of 60 -70. Is that enough to make a smooth cornering?
Why are the 2014 Superbowl ads on YouTube?
Who is your favorite Bronco, bro?
How much does a Marlin Model 336W Rifle, .30-30 cost at walmart?
Who is your greatest inspiration in your martial arts journey?
Mfs Vans or Converse?
what are your opinions on Richard Sherman?
Did Erin Andrews look scared while interviewing Richard Sherman?
New At Crimping Bullets?
How can i figure out how much fps my airsoft pistol has?¿?¿?
WWe royal rumble 2014 telecast In India?
Boxing: Anyone else was annoyed hearing this??
How can I finish the triangle choke?
SUPER BOWL XLVIII: will cold weather be a factor?
Which slam matches has Serena Williams lost after winning the first set?
hunting license renewal?
Top 10 QB's All Time?
Why doesn't the NBA encourage players to get vasectomies?
Why doesn't the NFL encourage players to get vasectomies?
Who will you draft first next year in fantasy football?
49ers fans: How do you feel about what Richard Sherman said in the post game interview?
Do you think Vince sent hogan to ruin tna like they did with wcw?
Would a roundhouse kick to the thigh stop a street fight?
SUPER BOWL XLVIII: who's got home uni/Away uni?
Modest swimwear ?????????????????????????
broncos seahawks... whose favorite?
I'm really having a hard time running in the cold?
The reasons why David Moyes is struggling with Manchester United and what could be its after effects?
Super Bowl: #1 Offense VS #1 Defense! Your prediction?
What to wear in the cold weather while running? Don't have a lot of money to buy thermal jackets/tops?
Have you ever come across such a funny question?
When was the last time both no. 1 seeds met in the Super Bowl?
When is the superbowl and which teams are playing this year?
If Peyton Manning wins the Superbowl !?
Chivistas , how great did Chaton play?
The results are in for most goals scored-week3?
Is there something I can buy to (temporarily) turn my bicycle into a stationary bike?
Who would win for third place? The Patriots or 49ers?
Top 10 Boxing Nations? Current?
Helping picking this Super Bowl?
Broncos vs Seahawks in 2014. Who wins?
Any coaches that suffer tougher losses than Harbaugh?
can isometric wall punches helps increase punching power?
Rockaholic, why are the Seahawks good?
who would like to see john cena as a heel?
Who's the better wrestler Triple H or Daniel Bryan?
who is the most boring wrestler john cena or randy orton?
Seattle got lucky so far in the playoff. Are they able to beat Broncos in Eli's stadium?
who'll shut the power of in Super Bowl 48?
Should the Seahawks take to the field at the Superbowl to the tune \Smoke on the Water?\\?
Are there any Seattle fans that can defend Sherman's antics?
who would win brock lesnar vs kurt angle in real fighting?
Who needs class when you have swag like Richard Sherman?
Who will you go for in the superbowl?
Rockaholic, why are the Seahawks good?
how can you start fining the referees for their lousy calls?
What do you do to defeat they?
Did Richard Sherman actually call himself the best corner in the league?
What was your most heartbreaking moment as a sports fan?
Why is it that people tend to underrate players when they struggle with form?
How does Pacquiao go from turning down $40 million for a Mayweather fight to wanting to fight for free?
Did Payton make another fool of himself with \Omaha!!\ today?
Will the Denver Broncos take the field at the Superbowl to the song 'Rocky Mountain High,\?
Do you think Peyton Manning will retire if he wins in two weeks?
NFL- Who is better, (Prime) Brian Westbrook or Lesean Mccoy?
Did I tell you about Bailey?
Is this a good fantasy bb trade?
Why doesn't Dwight Howard seem happy anymore?
49ers are out of it. Seattle will hopefully destroy \Omaha!!\. Thoughts?
What is your argument as to why baseball is your favorite sport? What makes this game so special to you?
Finally, a Super Bowl that features two states that legalized Marijuana. Should we bring the bongs to MetLife?
Do you think Crabtree is outside at Sherman's car right now?
Next year there will be a RARE Superbowl regular season rematch?
Do you Niner fans miss Alex Smith yet?
Who from roh would u like to c in tna?
Why were the 1972 miami dolphins so good?
Seahawks Own 2nd Half: who is their game MVP?
Anyone else think the Broncos vs Patriots game was kinda boring?
Who do you want to win the SB and why?
Was Goldberg overhyped?
What did Richard Sherman do that he penalized for?
Where to get a good older/newer style bow?
Who Are You More Excited To See On Raw Tomorrow Night, Batista Or Brock Lesnar .. !?
Is it true that Colin Kaepernick is NOT a clutch quarterback?
Is Richard Sherman really just an unfiltered representation of half the league?
Should I wear a condom when I make love to countless blonde women, what's your say?
Do you think Daniel Bryan was in his home in Aberdeen,Washington watching the Seahawks beat the 49ers?
Why does kaepernick suck?
What does LOB stand for?
Thoughts on Sherman's classy post-game interview?
Tennis racket weight?
can the patriots trade danny amendola, or is is price tag too high?
Richard Sherman and Peyton Manning?
Who do you have in the Super Bowl: Seattle or Denver?
did Richard Sherman just show the world what a big jerk he is?
Seahawks are NFC Champions: Your thoughts?
who do you hope wins superbowl?
Will Miami, Cleveland or Detroit ever win a Super Bowl?
Who's going to win the Superbowl?
Why do so many fans hate Richard Sherman's antics but think celebration dances are cool?
Who's going to win the super bowl? Broncos or Seahawks?
Which basketball program Should I buy?
What to wear to horse riding?
NOW do you believe the Seahawks???
Broncos vs Seahawks who wins the super bowl?
Opinions on the Seahawks?
Could you imagine if Russell Wilson played soccer?
Well. What do you guys think about the Marijuana Bowl?
Who else hopes Seattle's plane crashes on its way to New Jersey?
Good Game to the Seattle Seahawks?
Wow.... thoughts on Sherman?
Is that 4th and goal gonna haunt Seattle?
It seems to make perfect sense for BCCI to take over from ICC to run cricket, what's your say?
is Moyes guaranteed success?
i have a winchester 30/06 1917 with s/n 15289 snipper riffle.whats the value?
Can someone put a price on my AR-15?
Who actually dislikes the return of batista?
Shouldn't It Be A Reviewable Play?
Difference between Kaepernick and Vick?
Horse back riding what to wear?
Is anyone else extremely disappointed with this game?
When was the last time the Toronto Maple Leaf hosted the Stanley Cup?
What teams are playing in the superbowl and when is it?
Do you know where to buy those breathing devices that James Bond used in Thunderball?
Will Daniel Bryan be on raw tomorrow?!?!?! Feedback please!!?
Do you need a silencer if you are going to shoot a mime?
What is your dream Wrestlemania 30 card?
I have a Taurus Judge revolver with a 6.5 inch barrel is it a horrible gun?
Buy or Sell: You'd take Melo over Kobe if you had to pick a franchise player?
What do you think of that last touchdown on 4th down!?! What a throw!?
Can I change stocks from a m4 to a m16 (airsoft)?
Did Tommy Brady's tears cause flooding in the stadium after the game?
Who will win this game? SF or Seattle?
I'm looking for an affordable concealed carry gun with low recoil and an easy slide... No revolver?
Adding mileage per week?
Hi, I'm looking for a next big game caliber... I'm 14 5'9 130 pounds and experienced shooter?
How much do meal worms cost at a LIVE bait shop?
Am I a good golfer? Or not?
So...You Think it was Brady Versus Manning?
Wow! We got a game huh?
Can the Seahawks D get away with some more defensive holdings/PI's?
Guess the NBA player listed below.?
What's the point of NFL teams even having cheerleaders?
Scared of falling on skateboard please help, going on halfpipe on bday next week!?
Why doesn't the game stop when the player is on the ground?
When did Everton last beat Liverpool?
Is it a dog fight out there now or what? Who will reign supreme!?
why is it so hard to get my line out of my tip up spool?
Do you think it was time for somebody else to go to the Super Bowl besides the Patriots?
Now That My Falcons Are Clearly Showing Their Dominance Over The 49'ers?
How much better would the Patriots defense be without all the injuries?
What sniper rifle should i buy?
why does my tire keep going flat?
How good is Russell Wilson?
why does my tire keep going flat?
Who is the best tight end in the NFL Draft this year?
what size dirt bike should I get for a 11 year old?
Help with making a poison?
Did Wes Welker intentionally go at Talib's knees on that play that resulted in injury?
My parents aren't letting me have any social time outside of volleyball. Help?!?
Does Anyone Else Find This Kind Of Funny .. !?
Just how many \Omaha's!!\ did Payton Manning utter today, 1/19/2014?
What WAS the United Score?????
Is there a big difference in snowboard sizing?
Looking to buy my first weapon.?
WS Why do other Countries seem to enjoy WWE more than The U.S.?
What oil do I use in my dirtbike?
Was Welker the MVP for taking out Talib?
What is the key for the Patriots defeating the Broncos now that the game is over? Can they still come back?
what should I get instead od a 22lr that is cheap and has cheap ammo?
What should I do about track?
Morrow snowboards quality?
What's with these stupid beats by dre ads every 2 seconds during Football games?
Why was the Pro-Bowl changed to be the week before the Super Bowl?
Is Russell Wilson a system QB?
What will happen if the 2014 Cubs and 2015 Cubs both regress?
With the poor performance of the English team?
Well, Broncos going to Super Bowl. Who do they have the best chance of beating?
WS AJ Lee VS Lita at Wrestlemania 30?
i'm a flyer in cheerleading and one of my legs is taller? help?
vaule my ar15 please?
Will Peyton Manning experience a 2nd Super Bowl loss like Tom Brady did back in the 2012 Super Bowl?
MFS poll: how many \women\ in your families name is Maria?
Only 4 players have scored a hatrick against Manchester United in the Premier League, who are they?
What brand is my bow?
Do basketball shoes improve grip on the court?
NFC Championship: Seahawks cooked by 1849ers! punch ticket SB. Cut Wilson?
Why did I get another flat today?
How much longer until Kirpernick really gets *tagged*?
Good news for patriot fans that attended the game?
Which of these are your favorite WWF/E Video Games from each Era?
Who style is better lita or aj lee?
What wide receiver in the nfl draft would be a good fit for the patriots?
Does a second ring at least put Manning on Brady level?
Can't stand the Seahawks?
Will Patriot fans now cancel their Omaha steak deliveries?
Where can I buy extra magazines for my Lancer Tactical M4 CQBR MK18 AEG?
So Who's was better AJ or Lita Promo?
San Fransisco 49ers or Seattle Seahawks?
Mexican footballsection: what happened to keenan?
Is it okay to be a fan of more than one football team?
Who are the top players in the NFL?
With Gronk, Mayo, Wilfork, Spikes, Talib, Hernandez, how bad would the Patriots have crushed the Broncos?
Can somebody please remind me when Liverpool last finished a Premier League season above Everton?
is Jimmy Graham free agent this year?
Who do you think the patriots should have tried to keep welker or woodhead?
Are the Seahawks overrated?
WS Should WWE Studios make a Superhero Movie starting John Cena?
Fishing low tided at the beach and bay?
How to get a basketball scholarship?
NFC Championship: Is Wilson stuck in reverse mentally?
Will Cook stand down as England's ODI Captain?
What's with the hate on Brady?
True or False; Seattle is the most over rated team left in the playoffs?
Dominik Hasek or Vesa Toskala who was better?
What was the last time the Broncos and 49ers played in the Super Bowl?
The once mighty Manchester United - now in ruins - whats HAPPENED ?
Do you think the patriots should trade for danny woodhead?
What would be the price range for wrestlemainia 31..???
Who's ready for the NFC championship game?
Will the sound be a major factor in the 49er/Seahawks game?
Have to admit, Bronco's were the better team?
How much do track spikes improve your time?
What will the weather be like in two weeks at the MetLife Stadium!>?
Do you need a small game license?
Why are they not giving Antonio Cesaro a push?
Does anyone know the song that was playing during Terry Bradshaw s Colin Kaepernick interview?
morrow snow boards quality?
What should I do about this?
Why are Manchester United doing so bad?
Why do you hate Tom Brady?
What is your favorite ppv? And why?
Is anyone else happy to see Eli manning in the box:)?
mexico womens u-20 game concacaf final who is going to watch the game?
If you're the Broncos, who would you rather face in New Jersey in two weeks - the Seahawks or the 49ers?
Is Tom Brady the worst QB in the NFL's entire HISTORY?
Did \Pot Roast\ Knighton outplay Brady today?
Why did Lagarette Blount play today?
Will the high flying Denver Broncos beat the the Seahawks or 49ers?
What's with Italy's soccer?
Do we get a free pizza from Papa John's tomorrow since the Broncos won?
Did Tom Brady lose the game for his team today?
Isn't it funny how over confident a lot of Patriot fans were about beating Denver?
Did the Patriots get a hand on Peyton once that game?
Finish this sentence,\Tom Brady and the Patriots.......\?
Are you someone who's NOT American, but likes American football?
What caused the New England Patriots fall to Denver today?
Does this game prove that Brady is a washed-up has-been?
Is this an insult to Mexico NT?
Broncos are AFC Champions: Your thoughts?
Who is the most overrated player in your clubs history?
Why is the media surprised that Denver won?
Broncos made super bowl!!!!!!!!!!?
Did you expect Paulinho to be better?
Who is to blame for the Cowboy's 4th quarter collapses?
Congrats to the Broncos on a well played game, good luck next week in the SB?
Will Marouane Fellaini ever become a decent player for us or will he always be considered an overpriced flop?
Did you wonder why Pellegrini bought Negredo?
Can someone explain this football concept to me?
Who has had more international sucess?
Has Matt Prater had a better game than Tom Brady?
Are you a big fan of #MoyesIn?
Who is your favourite Moyes family member?
Why do people hate Jiménez ?
Is Brady just padding his stats now?
Do you think HHH is glad Daniel Bryan got a concussion so he doesn't have to hear fans complaining about?
Why didn't Aqib Talib come back into the game?
Ok.....This is usually where Manning melts. Will we see the deer-in-the-headlights look next drive?
Where to watch today's football games?!?!?
Who will be the Super Bowl 49 favorites next year?
does anyone here think patriots could comeback?
Are Broncos players faking being injured to slow Patriots down?
Who is the NBA player listed below?
Was Candice Michelle underrated?
looks like daniel bryan will miss the royal rumble?
Are you surprised that Manning is humiliating Brady?
Are the Refs paid off?
How would Roberto Soldado do in a Manchester City do you think?
Anyone know where to buy legit kobe 8 purple gradients?
Who do you think will win the prem?
Do you all see Peyton Manning killing Brady?
Why is Tom Brady so overrated?
Why didn't the refs throw flag when Brady got sacked?(YEAH BABY)?
Who's behind all the Troll accounts on here ? EFS?
Who thinks Cain Velasquez will be snoozing on Travis Browne's knee after Browne elbows him in the head?
Who can smell a 49ers Vs. Patriots SuperBowl?
New England Patriots or Denver Broncos?
Who's your favourite wrestler?
Professional Wrestling: Do Fans not know the timeline of Eras?
Why are the New England Patriots struggling in this AFC Championship game?
Who's ready for another epic Broncos collapse?
Can there be more than one pitcher in a softball team?
Are the bandwagon's going to leave early?
Why am I so much better than you all?
Why do people watch WWE, it's so childish?
WHAT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!?
Barcelona remains leader, thoughts?
If Lebron did the 360 windmill dunk that Paul George did, would we hear about it over and over for a week?
Do you agree that this fan is a douchebag?
Should I start watching Ring of Honor?
Professional Wrestling: If The Attitude Era was so impressive why are only a few Wrestlers remembered?
Should Belicheat place a call to Mr.Trestman at halftime for some coaching help?
serious question, if neverton make fourth?
Do you keep getting violations after answering my questions?
Despite Man United being a weak pathetic Mid-table team...?
How come when you type in, is Brady a good qb, the suggested category is \fantasy sports\?
Should the Patriots start spying so Brady can succeed?
Who thinks that Julian Edelman could beat up Wes Welker in a fist fight?
WS Should WWE have a contest to be RAW General Manager for one night?
Real WWF Attitude era vs WWE PG era questions (Must be 18 or older)?
Which Fixie Should I Get?
Is there any question now that Peyton is far more superior than Brady?
how to beat up someone stronger that you?
Chelsea fans.. Would you trade Eto for Chicharito?
Will Dan Marino get fired from CBS?
Why are coaches like John Tortorella subject to so much criticism?
Master Ken, this is gold.?
Why can I buy nike soccer cleats for a bit cheaper than original pricing?
would anyone else respect tom ince if he join monaco?
Where's an interesting limestone quarry for camping?
What was manchester city worse home record of losses? what season?
What times are required for a full ride scholarship for an international student to USA?
What was the best game of Jornada 3?
Indiana volleyball for teen beginners?
there is no way rangers will go into administration in the next 2 weeks?
Hiking the Bavarian Alps?
With NFL games being played at night how is drunken driving prevented?
Can an NFL Team Owner be fired?
Should the Washington Redskins pressure their owner (Dan Snyder) to sell the team?
Workout for Super Skinny teen?
IF manchester united don't win anything this season whats going to happen to manager and squad and shares?
How much did we miss neymar today?
POLL---Are you watching the football games with anyone else today?
Are you allowed to wear colored wrist guards for competition?
How do i get notice in track?
Who are you rooting for in the two NFL games today?
do you think xabi is a second rate player and not good enough for real madrid?
do you think Bale is doing better in la Liga because...?
Hey! How much power does the Echo1 M16a4 RIS have in FPS (airsoft)?
Are Manchester United 14 Points behind Table Toppers Arsenal?
Should I stop cheerleading?
so there was irregular betting at the chelsea v man utd game?
Isn't \Welshy\ supposed to return today?
What jersy number should I pick?
Who has a lower approval rating, Obama or Moyes?
do you think Brooke will ever put out?
How to increase my vertical jump for basketball?
Peyton Manning's love affair with Omaha is still present, eh?
will it be a busy night in manchester tonight?
Did you know Rooney, Vidic and RVP are man utds only internationals?
Racing flats vs regular running shoes?
The Alex Fergsuon conspiracy, Was Moyes set up to fail?
where is fuzzy right now crying?
Are united fans really suprised at today's result?
Does Serena Williams performances remind you of Mike Tyson?
Are you ready for the greatest day of football?
Are Chelsea lucky that Fellaini and Cleverley didn't play?
What should I have as my username? 230 points to best answer..?
My friend says when I shoot the basketball I force it with my arms?
When will be next Football Draft?
Do NASCAR drivers really fart in they're cars?
Is it a tennis or a mental-confidence matter?
Real Madrid are in Second place now!! Atletico Are First if they beat Sevilla today! Barca Tied?
Do you deserve a 2+2 for Roughing when you are getting held down the ice and choked?
Did Ferguson recommend Moyes to spite Man U for sacking him ?
Is WorldSoccerShop a good website to buy from?
Would you say Arsenal are odds on for the title?
Can a bigger guy skateboard?
carrick is so overrated?
Do you think Paul George's dunk yesterday was an in-game fast-break top 10 dunk of all time?
San Fran at Seattle and New England at Denver predictions?
How many deluded Manchester United fans are in here?
Who is this \Shady\ Character <_<?
Can a bigger guy skateboard?
Should mOyes have a complete overhaul?
Professional Wrestling: Best Manager out of this list?
What's a good gift for a hunter?
Have you ever seen a worse Manchester United team?
When was the last time the two number one seeds played in the Super Bowl?
according to oison Januzaj is not better than wilshere?
why do the Utd fans insist Ozil is?
what is the fastest way to get faster at sprinting?
Janzuzaj vs Chelsea? Thoughts?
Greatest Basketball players of all time?
Serious question: Why aren't Evra, Carrick and Vidic showing any leadership?
What are your (thoughts and comment) on Eclipse Award Winners?
What to do when your team loses a playoff game?
If you were Moyes right now, what would you be doing?
So how badly did Adnan \Pele\ Januzaj tear Chelsea to pieces?
So what kind of NFL merchandise do you have?
Foods to help long distance runners?
Should Manchester United get Nicola Cortese to replace Ed Woodward?
David Moyes has broken more records than Bayern Munich and Messi combined this season?
What is the best way to start running from scratch?
Is it possible that the Lakers and Celtics can get the first and second pick?
Does height matter for a fly-half?
Why didn't Alex Ferguson choose \Red Devil\ as his successor?
Who do you think is the best ODI team in the world? And will this team win the ODI World Cup?
Alex Ferguson Overrated?
Would a Warrenpoint Ambush reenactment held at Ibrox be a good way to help raise funds for Sevco?
Do you think CR7 regrets?
Poll - who has done a better job destroying man utd, Eto'o or D. Moyes?
What is Interesting Triple Threat Match For WWE Title?
Are AK-47s and AR-15s considered Long guns?
Who do you like more? Eto'o or David Moyes?
Would you class this a \Child Abuse\?
Is it possible for Rooney and RVP to play champions league football next season?
Why do so many supporters hate?
When did man utd buy the history channel rights from Liverpool?
Who's ready for the NFC/AFC championship games today?
Will Liverpool fans do the decent thing?
How many hat tricks have Ronaldo, Messi, Suarez, Aguero scored combined vs Man utd?
Is it too late to start ice-skating?
Do you think Andrew luck will leave the colts soon? If yes then for who? I think the broncos when #18 retires.?
how long till Rooney hands in his 3rd transfer request?
How great of a scorer will Damian Lillard be once he learns how to finish shots in the paint?
Who'd Win Cm Punk vs John cena vs Triple H?
Vidic/Rafael - Bad challenges like that when the game is already lost is just poor sportsmanship, isn't it?
WAS that a HAZARDous tackle by Vidic?
Haha, have you seen what a UKIP Politician said about the floods in the UK?
how long till Legend decides to come out of hiding?
WHAT did you think of Vidic's TACKLE?
WHAT was the final Man Utd SCORE?
Why can't Manchester United fans just accept that Kagawa is complete shite..?
not ETO BUT THREE? CHELSEA outclass man utd, what next for moyest?
Lol just lol, where was Anderson when utd needed him?
What did you make of the game @ Stamford Bridge this afternoon?
As a Chelsea fan, it doesn't feel like we've just beaten the champions, does it?
Does anyone how good Matic is?
What happend to give Moyes a season or two?
Jersey selection help.?
Can you believe this pic was made by a man utd fan?
How can I put my created player in my madden 13 cc mode they was already created? Please read below 2 be clear?
I run 2 miles in 20 minutes, i want to reduce the time?
Has a second string QB ever had to start for the super bowl?
Why didn't Chicharito and Kagawa Start today?
ch14 keeps up chelsea scoring tradition?
WHAT was the Swansea score?
What's the Man Utd score so far...?
Star this Question if your club has never been Relegated from top division?
do we all want to see Utd?
Who would be a good replacement for Moyes at Manchester United?
Will Wes Welker make New England pay for low balling him and disrespecting him ?
Would you rather have Paul Konchesky or Aly Cissokho in your team? (EQ inside)?
With 20 minutes to go can we get something OUT of this game?
why do people keep asking floyd vs pac 24/7?
Star this question if your club has won more than one European Cup..?
When does hockey start in the Olympics?
@United fans Who said this would happen?
Will Moyes be forced to resign before the season ends? Or will he be fired before the season ends?
How many goals a game does de gea CONCEDE?
is a greatsword the same as a broadsword?
Star this question if your team is not 3 NIL down?
Professional Wrestling: Rank these Total Nonstop Action Wrestlers from Mediocre to worst?
How can anyone be a fan of Valencia and Young?
Star this question if your club has won a league title in the past 12 months..?
who are the top players that are?
does Moyes still believe Utd can?
Is David Warner the true savior of the Australian cricket team?
who'll win today 49ers or Seahawks?
Gunsmith and hunters- Need advice on a project between 22lr / .357 / possible .223. Multiple questions.?
Anybody seen any hat tricks lately?
Does Stamford bridge have the worse?
What percentage of this section isn't plastic?
Why does Red Devil's keep calling me a racist?
Are we in risk of burning janujiz OUT?
Why is Red Devil's so proud of his racist tendencies?
Did Wayne Rooney and RVP enjoy their tour of Stamford Bridge?
Do you know what your getting with Moist?
Why is Red Devil's so mad at me?
Is the title battle now between London v Manchester & 4th spot London v Merseyside?
Where can I watch the NFL games today on-line for free?
Who will win the two NFL games today?
How many would we up by if Rooney and RVP started?
It is still 0-0 in the Manchester United vs Chelsea game?
Is Eto'o better than Torres?
Good atv for a 15 year old?
Why does the special not PLAY mata?
Has JANUZAJ SCORED YET?
Professional Wrestling: Which was more insulting: Ric Flair as AJ Styles Manager or Sting Vs. Magnus?
Are MAN Utd in the top 6 Yet?
With nice weather today in Denver (over 40 degrees) will Peyton have a huge game?
Can you get penalized if you flop on offense in the NBA?
If Mayweather and Pacquiao fought after Pacquiao whooped Cotto who wins?
Showering Before Swim Class?
Professional Wrestling: Was anyone actually excited for Total Nonstop Action: EC3 Vs 'The Icon' Sting?
Penny Board Rattle, Why?
NFC Championship: Seahawks' slumping Wilson costs them SB?
WRESTLING: What do you think..... (more inside)?
Is Ji Dong-Won a good signing for Borussia Dortmund?
Is this a good trade in Fantasy Basketball?
What do \SU\ and \ATS\ mean in a teams record?
Do you believe in the white jersey Super Bowl superstition?
Who like Hockey ? I like,and you ???
Top 5 NFL RBs of all time?
Wrestling: How is this cold?
Is Brady better than Peyton Manning?
Agree or disagree, Jurgen Klopp thinks Real Madrid would have no chance against Bayern Munich?
Which is the best bike to buy? My budget is 80000?
What channel is man utd vs chelsea in usa?? Or a link to watch online?
Any good drills for a 6\3, 14 year old shooting guard?
POLL: Would Danny Welbeck make the FC Barcelona first team?
Predictions For Tonight's Games?
Is bleed blue also a New York Yankee's term?
If Man United lose will 4th place be the most important goal of Moyes for the rest of the season?
Who os the best manager from this list? Why?
Napoli is so full of crap?
As regards Mitch's sudden resurgence, at what stage is one of these inserted into one of these?
Will Neil Lemon take the step up to a big club?
Are you guys ready for the big games?
Neymar or Bale who is the better player?
Is Falcao better than Cavani?
Who all wants the Patriots to win today besides me?
Can i change my mind about being traded in NBA2K14?
How long is the effect of SPF 50 ?
I have a Winchester 30/06 in good condition.1971 with a s/n 15289 all original.can you value it?
Why is Tony Carter still on the Broncos?
What is your countries best Olympic boxing team from any year?
Is Oscar a poor man's Januzaj?
Who has done better in the NFL, Alabama running backs or USC quarterbacks?
Bianchi>Napoli Bologna 1-0?
When did Sal Paolantonio become Dick Vitale?
Have Celtic Complained About Rangers Five Stars On Their Strip Or Have They Learned Their Lesson?
Summer freestyle ski camps?
Have Rooney, Gerrard and Lampard done well at World Cups and Euro Championships?
Should all City fans be 'unofficially' backing United this afternoon against Chelsea?
Footballers wages for and against points?
Why are Sri Lanka batting this slowly if they want to save this match?
Who do you think is the best Heel in WWE history ?
How come Irish rugby clubs do so well in Europe compared the English?
where can i shoot my pellet rifle in the woods oregon?
What's happened to the former Sunderland keeper: Craig Gordon....?
Why was Jack Del Rio spotted with Patriots owner Robert Kraft last night?
Which boxers name does Michael Buffer announce the best?
Who's top of the league..?
Will Sami Khedira be ready in time for the World Cup ?
I thought Defoe had gone to play in Canada?
how can you support a team like?
Is Diverzaj set to win young player of the season...?
what does SB mean in baseball?
Why do scousers sound like dolphins?
It's Portsmouth, isn't it? They are a small club, with a small mentality. All they can talk about is ?
Should the top Scottish clubs also play in the EPL?
will the mid table team be able to destroy the bus?
Do Manchester United fans remember this game?
Patriot Haters - How many times has your team played in the Super Bowl since spygate was uncovered?
Can you hunt gray squirrel on Sunday in nc?
help skateboarders what deck to choose?
Are you ready Nfc or Afc which?
predictbuzz.com it's Ausi cricketer shane Warne Personel Blog ?
Did you understand what the new proposed ICC model is?
Cm punk vs Chris Jericho?
Scared of jumping into deep water?
Are Bale and Neymar sports-cars being driven like bicycles?
Why does Moyes keep putting himself into embarrassment regarding transfers?
WRESTLING: How many of you know this fact?
Which is the best ODI team in world cricket currently : India or Australia ?
At what time do you think Chelsea's fourth goal will be scored today?
does shureido karate ship to the uk?
Anyone else realize that Paul George is way better than LeBrick?
Hurt my knee during running, what should I do ?
Why do the linesmen in tennis dodge the balls?
How good will the tribute act be for the tribute act that was a tribute act for Rangers FC?
Anybody think Kevin Durant could score 82 points if Westbrook was out the rest of the season?
Is Kevin Durant a better scorer than kobe was when kobe had seven years in the nba?
Why did they stop the sport of gladiators?
What do you make of Neil Lennon's comments on the English Premiership? I think they're spot on?
How do I hike past paintball play safely?
India lost but wasn't it a?
Would it be helpful & ease the pressure if UEFA changed the rules that the top 6 qualify for the CL?
Did Mitchell Johnson shave off his famous moustache?
I think barcelona need to beat munich or is the another way to restore balance?
Give me Pros & Cons on David Stern for what he has done for the NBA for the last 30 yrs?
Can Ishant Sharma turn the tables around and pull off a Faulkner here?
How can I make HBK's manager Jose Lothario's custom character on wwe 2k14?
Something funny happened today, my husband went to Muay Thai training and he thought i had bought him?
In the event of a zombie apocalypse?
Which football team is the world's richest?
American Football Question?
What should I name my bike?
Exercises to help with running?
Survey:How often do you play sports?
Who do you think will win Broncos or Patriots?
Can Arsenal Really Beat Bayern Munich ?? The kings of Europe ?? Do you arsenal beating them ?
how can I get my hockey skates to fit me?
What High School Folkstyle wrestling moves to practice with?
Track is almost starting and I'm focusing on mid-distance, should I try the 400m?
Will we remember the current era for black boxers ducking elite non-black fighters?
Since Mayweather is his own boss, is it possible that part of the agreement in?
Venado can you answer this question please?
Professional Wrestling: Do you remember the 'Orlando Screw Job 2010'?
What's happened to Shane Bond?
I don't get it. Can someone explain this?
Jealousy towards teammates.?
Who do you want to return at the Royal Rumble 2014 ?
NFL- Who is better, (Prime) Brett Favre or Aaron Rodgers?
Golf rules..If I hit a provisional?
Why are cricket grounds in Australia mowed to form a chequered pattern?
What Browns game was it, when Brandon Weeden, got run over by the huge American flag? Did he win it?
Why do people keep saying this?
who will make it to the superbowl?
Do you think the San Antonio Spurs are going to finish in the Western Conference below 1st place?
How do you pitch the perfect curveball?
Houston Astros will have another 100 loss season next year, true or false?
IS IT LEGAL TO CARRY CO2 GUN IN ILLINOIS ?
Is DD national stop brodcasting oneday international that india in?
Who do you think will be NFL's regular season MVP?
Mathews dealer question?
Tna: did u hear what davey Richards said?
WS: Does anyone still remember or care if Brad Maddox is Raw's General Manager?
What is the best recommended MMA discipline to specialise in?
In the AFC, who is winning now, and who's going to the super bowl?
What is the national forest that borders Rocky Mountain National Park in Colorado?
cricket one day dress up poll?
What is the worst finisher in Professional Wrestling ever?
Will England bat out the 50 overs?
Is Lance Stephenson an all star?
Why rohit sharma as opener why not rahane?
Why do women always have to talk nonstop?
Luciane Bute the most OVERRATED fighter of last 20 years?
Pascal vs Bute....thoughts?
Who agrees with me that the Seahawks should just forfeit their game against the 49ers tomorrow? If not, why?
ws remember super cm punk back in 2012?
Ballet or ice skating? Please help!!!?
Why do WWE eras occur?
Which account belong to El Venado?
What Red Sox Player Is This?
AJ Lee is now the longest reigning Diva's Champion in WWE History!?
Why is Nikola Pekovic so underrated?
Why are both We Need Vela and Venado always mentioning Esquedas eyebrows?
Why Do WWE Fans Think Aj Lee Will Be Remembered For Her Title Reign .. !?
How to do a free standing handstand?
What sport should I play?
Is this the biggest wide you have ever seen?
Best largemouth bass flies?
MFS: Atlas vs Atlante 0-1. Thoughts?
Professional Wrestling: Doesn't Alberto Del Rio remind you of Carlito?
Anyone else think that Bute's boots make it look like he his wearing socks and sandals?
WS When is Roman Reigns Big Push gonna start?
Professional Wrestling: Doesn't Alberto Del Rio remind you of Carlito?
Anyone else think that Bute's boots make it look like he his wearing socks and sandals?
WS When is Roman Reigns Big Push gonna start?
Why all soccer players have no hair on legs ?
Professional Wrestling: Since AJ Lee will be known for her Title Reign does that make her Irrelevant?
Anyone as happy as I am?
Professional Wrestling: Does Nobody remember Total Nonstop Action pulling a WCW and going to Monday Nights?
Is Wilson a sturdy volleyball brand?
What 2 Australian are going into the cricket hall of fame this year?
What come to mind with 44?
WS Who's Legacy will be bigger CM Punk's or Daniel Bryan the B+ Player?
Will New Orleans Saints resign Jimmy Graham?
Will Norv Turner improve the Vikings' offense?
Was Paul George's 360 windmill dunk against the Clippers last night dunk of the year?
What is the length of Mike Zimmer's contract with Vikings?
Carlos Takam vs Mike Perez, draw............thoughts?
Is this a goo skateboard?
How does aau basketball work?
WWE- Who do you dislike more CM Punk or John Cena?
I'm 5-2 in AFC Championship games. 7 touchdowns, 9 interceptions, and qb rating of 74. Who am I?
Ishant must be a truely terrifying bowler?
Why do NBA players have so many tatoos?
Was Babe Parilli a better QB than Tom Brady?
Is John Cena the best seller in WWE history?
i have a Winchester 30/06 with s/n 15289.what's the value real good condition all original?
Why is B kumar still part of the ODI series?
Why were Johnson and McKay left out of today's team?
Why was the 2002 olympic gold hockey win important to Canadian Heritage?
The Shield VS the Wyatts (Yes or No)?
Hypothetically, Lets Say That Daniel Bryan And CM Punk Are The Final Two In The Royal Rumble .. !?
Who do you think will win the Royal Rumble?
How sad it is to blame only india for making flat track wickets?
Need help with my gi size?
My basketball coach gives me no credit?
Did leon forget to pay the ref for the America game ?
Why do NHL Hockey Ref's allow the fighting to continue?
Professional Wrestling: What is your opinion of Alberto Del Rio?
Martial arts: Is this normal for me?
Why do some people think there'll be more big conference realignment in college football?
Why to pro hockey players not use clear eye visor?
ennar superman Valencia the new Jackson Martinez?
NFC CHAMPIONSHIP: in the eventual loss of 1849ers or Seahawks?
from most to least sorts the teams in the premier league?
Did Gretzky ever get into any fights on the ice?
Does Texas Longhorns have good sports teams?
Why are running backs so overvalued in fantasy football?
Which team is better Pittsburgh or Vancouver?
League of legends champions?
How accurate is my prediction for NFL games tomorrow ?
Who would be the best opponent for Batista road to WrestleMania and why?
Who is going to win Sunday?
Professional Wrestling: Which match was better out of these two?
Is Derrick rose even on the bulls ?
Soccer, how is Cristiano Ronaldo related to the Ronaldo that played in World Cup about 2000 ?
What bow should I upgrade to?
Jairus Byrd vs Earl Thomas?
How come Edge had a live sex celebration with Lita but not with Vickie Guerrero?
so can we expect to see a Batista versus Lesnar feud at some point in the near future?
Why did Tecos get relegated but Queretaro didn't?
Basketball collecting help?
If I have no Ukara can i still go skirmishing with my fully realistic airsoft guns?
i got a question for keyboard master i need fighting tips?
Hello, would you say that Terry Stotts(Blazers coach) is running away with the coach of the year award?
Where is Seat 1 at WWE Events?
Why does people think if you are a fan of a popular wrestler you are officially a bandwagoner?
Would you say Blake Griffin is overrated?
Need a good hiking/backpacking boot?
What is a 1982 .22 colt officers model worth?
should i get a 9mm or a 40 cal ?
Is Cannondale the best bike brand?
Are these good songs for rhythmic gymnastics?
Will Russell Westbrook ever be the same again?
Are the LA Clippers a genuine title contendor this season?
Trying Out For Track?
Are you getting fed up with divers like Suarez ruining the Premier League?
Nba card collecting 10 points for most helpful?
Luis montes was red carded is that why Leon lost?
Who are neutral fans going for in the ODIs today?
How long before we see wide receivers 6\8\ to 6'11\ tall?
Wasim/Waqar vs. Ambrose/Walsh?
Why couldn't Leon beat America like they did In The final ?
Is Nate Robinson really 5'9\?
what mountain bicycle shock absorber should i get?
Am I too tall and too heavy to be a flyer for cheerleading in highschool?
Why didnt world class Leon score on America ?
Why is messi the best soccer player in the world?
WWE fans, is there any Bad Guys gone Good on the WWE history?
Is it possible to use two spears at once?
Can parkour be a career?
Just watching Craig McDermott's son Ben batting for the Heat?
Who is the better QB, Russell Wilson or Colin Kaepernick?
Who should the pittsburgh steelers take in the 2014 nfl draft?
Just curious, how is it that \experienced\ shooters believe that jackets bullets?
Why Are rangers in League One?
Why is AEG building its stadium in Compton instead of Los Angeles?
A guy who was carrying two ice hockey sticks?
So who's winning the championship games tomorrow?
The most complete footballer ever was....?
Who are the top football experts?
Wrestling section: What do people have against Juggalo Championship Wrestling?
What would happen if CM Punk walked into a McDonald's....?
What would happen if CM Punk walked into a McDonald's....?
Did Joe Sakic ever play at Air Canada Centre?
Football workout routine for Wide Receiver?
who told the Scottish Section to go to sleep...?
Will the Shield Break up at the Royal Rumble?
Do you consider 6\3 tall for a 14 year old ?
Question about cheer camps?
Batista to win the Royal Rumble?
Professional Wrestling: Total Nonstop Action and people preferring it over World Wrestling Entertainment?
Daniel Bryan to win the Royal Rumble?
Who would you rather build an NBA team around: Durant or Lebron?
Is Yohan Cabaye good enough to solve our midfield problems?
Can people with glasses play football?
english football: was it a dive?
Why do Lebron fans become so indifferent and dissaproving whenever i try to discuss the 81, 65 and 62 point...?
AFC Championship: Patriots or Broncos?
How do Manchester City and Chelsea fans feel when they see what happened to Anzhi Makhachkala?
Kofi Kingston to win the Royal Rumble?
How long can WWE keep going?
Alex Stepney earned Old Trafford immortality the night Manchester United became European champions in 1968.?
Its a Mexican standoff...?
Who was the worst WWE champion in its history?
Do I have good size for my position ?
Matt Busby described Duncan Edwards as the most 'complete footballer in Britain - possibly the world'.?
what is np, pp and lq by pro golfers name?
Heath Slater should be WWE world heavy weight champion?
what do i need to know to learn kendo on my own?
If you could bring back one type of match that hasn't been seen in years back one last time?
Why was there three World Series MVPs in the same World Series (1981)?
How to get over snowboarding?
Chelsea? To go or not to go?
I don't understand my bike's gears (included pictures)?
Is Mourinho being foolish about the changes in the Chelsea midfield?
Need some help, I enjoy watching boxing and sparring with mates so should I start properly?
What moves do WWE Divas have to be able to do?
How come Hulk Hogan stopped making an appearance on Raw?
Did you know that Payton Manning's only ring came against Rex Grossman, right? Rex Grossman.?
Whom do you currently stand by?
Who will Brady blame when he chokes against the Broncos?
True or False: Put Peyton on any team this season and they would win at least 10 games?
Why did City FAIL to beat Blackburn at Ewood Park in the FA Cup?
In college basketball, does the team that's the winner of their conference get an automatic tournament bid?
Where can I buy a cheap but good bow and arrow?
On WWE Shop What does \Youth\ mean?
Fifa 14 - Latics to BPL?
How many bases are in a home run?
anyone else excited to watch AFC and NFC championship?
Who would you rather have taking the last shot, Ray Allen or Kevin Durant?
Wrestling section: Dave Hytmen, what does you being a video game critic have anything to do with the WS?
Professional Wrestling: Why is the first factor somebody brings up about Professional Wrestling, Steroids?
Who is better Chelsea or Atletico?
Would LUis Suarez be good for Australian Rules football on a trial basis?
Who is better Chelsea or Atletico?
What happened to ROHPunk?
Do you think Clayton Kershaw and Robinson Cano are overated?
Isn't Wanderlei Silva's hatred for Chael Sonnen weird,and will Chael make it out of Brazil alive?
Can i spray paint my SRC SR4 airsoft gun tan in the uk. Its two tone orange at the moment?
Wrestling section: What do you think Bray Wyatt has planned for Daniel Bryan?
Why was Tom Clevelrey chosen over Paul Pogba?
Do you think Payton Manning made himself look kind of silly shouting Omaha 44 times in the Chargers game?
Would any footballers not have gone down in the luis suarez situation?
Who thinks this is the year Steve Yzerman gets fired as GM of the Tampa Bay Lightning?
Have you been surprised by Southampton this season?
Why did we let go of Paul Pogba?
What to get my baseball player boyfriend?
Remy Cabella to sign for Newcastle is he any good?
Should I Quit Basketball?
Should Anthony Pettis do the right thing and give up his belt to Khabib Nurmagomedov?
Who would win in a street fight: Tuca Ferreti or Jose Mourinho?
whats the easiest way to learn to swim?
why cant i hockey stop? im so close?
what will be the score for america vs leon and jaguares vs cruz azul?
What punishment should be given to managers who choose black players over white players?
Which wrestler resembles your personality the most?
whats your favorite NFL team?
Is it time for Gary Bettman to give a stipulation to all of the teams that have never won the Stanley Cup?
What are the best camping spots for 20 year olds southern California area?
wrestling matches, who would win ?
Who will play a better game?
How reputable is George Dillman really as a martial artist?
Why are there so many spaniards and french tennis players in the 100?
What would you say is the biggest weakness in the Brazil squad ?
I have a basketball kind of problem. Please help!?
Currently which goalkeeper are you liking?
Any Advice For Fantasy Football Next Year?
Will The Rangers have to bite the bullet and get cheaper players ?
Is Fernando Llorente best header of the ball atm?
Will a Rugby Ref Bother me about my boots?
Am I fit to be a small forward?
How MANY goals are we going to score vs Chelsea tomorrow?
Is Ahmed Shehzad the next Sachin Tendulkar?
DID Suarez have a good game today?
WHAT was the Man City score....Did Cardiff cause an UPSET again?
True or False: If the USA wanted to dominate in soccer they could?
Club America line up vs Leon ?mexican soccer?
Honus Wagner card found!?
Broken trophy need fixes?
How come nobody wanted Tom Brady in the beginning?
What are some good inline skates for a figure skater?
that a dive from Suarez?
Why does Mayweather get praise for beating Marquez at Welterweight?
After getting beat at home,Will Terry Butcher raid The Rangers for players ?
Professional Wrestling: Are people still ******** about Corporate Kane and Biker Taker?
What was the most memorable fish you have caught?
How to win madden 25??
What will San Fran have as a pre-game meal?
Who will win INDIA VS NEWZELAND >?
Which teams will get relegated this season?
Juan Mata vs David Silva vs Mesut Ozil: Who's the better player..........?
True or False: Kevin Durant is the best scorer in the league. Far, better than LeBrick James?
BOXING: Floyd Vs. Ali....! Both at welteweight: Predictions?
Will The Rangers go into liquidation ,if they do what will they call there-selves?
which types of ammunition cause the most & least wear on a gun bore?
Can someone run so fast they break the sound barrier?
Can i spray paint the two tone parts of my src sr4 airsoft rifle tan, in the uk by the way. Thanks for time?
Why does everyone hate John cena so much?
Will I make varsity cheer next year?
Reading F.C. 7-1 Bolton Wanderers, thoughts?
Could using hockey skates blade guards on my figure skates damage them?
Thoughts on the Betis Vs Madrid game?
High Quality Gloves for a good price.?
Does REI have any coupons on BICYCLES?
Fellow Celts, Chris Commons?
Are their any Hulkamaniacs left?
What size dirtbike should an unexperienced rider get?
NFL: Seahawks Harvin out. Concussion. Saints' Rafael Bush fined. Opinions?
I wanna do Cheerleading?
how to get enough confidence to run?
Scottish football,Predictor. Did you have Morton to win?
LOL, why did I get 7 thumbs down on this question...?
Sergio Agüero vs Luis Suárez vs Danny Welbeck: Who's the better player..?
is Romeo Crennel a good defensive cordinator?
I m 4 feet...Can I ride R15 v.2??!?
Do any of you know how i can improve my goalkeeping skills?
What happens if no country bids on an Olympic Games?
Will Batista win the Royal Rumble?
Who is most likely to return in the 2014 royal rumble? Is anyone exept batista confirmed to return?
What football (soccer) position do you play?
will palace stay up ..i think we might ,we look much better under pulis?
Is the 7.62 x 39 an effective round for hog hunting?
Who is the man on soccer club AC Ajaccio's team logo?
in your opinion which international soccer rivalry is the best?
How much faster will you get if you fix your running form?
what clips in and out easily?
Wanna get my first handgun what guns are good for concealing?
MANCITY 4 cardiff ciy1 : low performance by city but still win?
What are the odds of AJ Pyle being a Royal Rumble participant?
who is the best player in india in cricket? how many runs did he score?
How do you calculate the ERA+ stat?
Will you miss David Stern when he retires?
Your thoughts on this unfortunate injury on Getafe defender Alexis Ruano?
who has the most average in batting?
Is k2 www snowboard a good choice for a beginner?
Do sneakers add extra inches ? ( easy 10 points)?
Are Yaya Toure, Lescott, Fernandinho, Kompany, Clichy and Richards holding Manchester City back?
Do the Predators suck?
Why is John Cena not happy after the match?
Help running a sub 22s 200m and more!?
Squirrel Hunting With Pellet Gun?
Are there any current WWE superstars that can create epic moments like this?
When was the last time a black footballer won the Balon d'Or?
How far will the Netherlands make it in the 2014 World Cup?
Anyone here ever carried the Smith & Wesson Model 25-5 in .45 Colt as his/her sidearm?
Should the Australian Open 2014 be cancelled?
How good is 10mph for 30 minutes?
Would you punch Margot Robbie in her stomach?
Why didn't Pacquiao exercise his right to a rematch with Bradley to eliminate all doubt?
'Why' do Liverpool FC & Manchester United FC dislike one another?
Which NFL team would win if you go by their name?
A man can not punch a woman in her stomach, it is wrong and not right?
The right height for armature boxing?
How do you rate Kwadwo Asamoah...?
Is Kevin Durant trying to be better than Kobe?
Y SONY six took the rights of NZL seriesAnd not Broadasting it?When was the last time u watched match on DD?
How much get paid players in ABA-league?
Which clubs in the premier league have not improved this season?
Who will be MoM in India vs NZL?Bowler or Batsman or Some All round Performer?
More shocking news ; Enlgand , Australia and India will be excepted from relegation ! what are?
Who is the best player that came from the 2003 NHL Draft?
Which of these auburn hats should I get ?
Dean Ambrose to win the Royal Rumble.?
How good do you expect these players to be?
With GSP and Anderson Silva now gone, Is the UFC in peril?
broner taking rematch with maidana is that wise after the last fight?
How to become better than someone has been training longer than me?
How does the girls high school track team work?
riddick bowe vs mike tyson ...who wins?
What do you call the bar area of a football ground?
How do you carry a Kyoketsu-shoge?
If Ryan Leaf and Jamarcus Russell played against each other, which team would win?
How do you grapple with weapons?
Is this newspaper article racist.......?
I was just walking past Old Trafford, I seen two season tickets nailed to the gates of Old Trafford?
Can neymar be back for man city?
Do Arsenal and Man City have an advantage over other clubs...?
Will tommorow india vs newzeland match on DD national?
Who were the last pair of Australian opening batsman in test cricket that were both right handed?
Which of these was a bigger mistake - Manchester United sacking Sir Alex Ferguson or releasing Paul Pogba?
Do you think that Scott Adkins can defeat half the roster of WWE alone?
Rooney and RVP still refusing to play, I see?
Does this sum up every Celtic F.C. fan on this section..?
---American football question----?
McCoist On Borrowed Time?
so has there been any bids for rangers players this transfer window?
A valid question for all Liverpool (and Everton) fans?
How many Brouthers are there in the HoF ?
Political background before Olympics games in beijin 2008?
Celtic To Pay For Hooligan Thugs' Legal Costs?
Rangers £20 Million Boost?
How can sport change the world?
Your Thought's on Modern Society's impact on the Martial Arts.?
What's the story behind the 49ers being called the 49ers? Why not the 59ers or the 69ers?
Bangladesh beat India at Asia Cup 2012 can they do it again at Asia Cup 2014 or not?
who is better wicket-keeper MS Dhoni or Musfiqar Rahim?
What is your match of the day?
cricket, auye...where is India in football or is that a joke?
Was Castillo robbed vs Mayweather in their first fight?
What are the Top 5 sting match's of all time?
How to tell if my cricket bat is English or Kashmir willow?
Who has a stronger arm Jay Cutler or Joe Flaco?
Would I be able to buy an airsoft gun online?
How do i use my weight advantage in a fight?
skateboard vs longboard?
In UFC Undisputed 3 - Playstation 3 Video Game Is Brock Lesnar added as a fighter?
NFL- Do you think there should be no more Thursday Night Games?
Do you think Stephanie Mcmahon looked better now or 14 years ago?
What kind of surfboard should I get?
Who plays more similair to Manchester City,Southampton or Swansea?
What would you like to ask?Where shoukd Abddisalam Ibrahim go Southampton or Swansea on a permanent basis?
Which 2 players not currently playing together would make a great duo?
Will the Indian top order survive against?
WS Is Kane gonna cost CM Punk The Royal Rumble match?
Who's gonna win NFC championship Seahawks Or 49ers?
What famous team in the history of WWE none participated in any edition of Royal Rumble match?
Is this how Aussie cricketers sleep?
Is Mitchell Jonson an all-rounder?
What will become of TNA with Sting, Jeff Hardy and Styles gone?
Can someone help me finish my homework?
Why is Aussie Rules Football so popular in Australia?
Should Kevin Durant play like he did against the Warriors when Westbrook returns to the lineup?
What is the role of the No.8 in the scrum?
Whats going on with Christian?
Chances of survivng bullet in back?
The Durant drawing fouls?
What happen to the futbol prediction question?
Santos vs Puebla thoughts?
Was that reception for Daniel o'Bryan one of the loudest in the PG era? (EQ inside)?
is it weird that i fight with my left hand in front and right hand back in a south paw stance?
Want to play soccer after 10 year break, nervous.?
Were people smarter in 1776...than people in....2014?
Should the wolves goes to the tnas tag division or to x division?
Could I backspot (cheerleading)?
Soccer shoes for wide feet?
Is it better to focus on one martial art or can you learn two at the same time?
Can you guys explain \pacto de caballeros\ for me?
Should I play Football?
Professional Wrestling: What is your opinion of Alberto Del Rio?
Will I ever be able to be in a 'big' figure skating competition?
Is Goron Dragic an all star?
Isn`t this why cricket will never be a truly global sport?
Sports Decisions for high school?
Should I join track??? :D (10 points!)?
Should I get the first or second CR7 Nike Mercurial Vapor 9s?
Is John Cena brand ambassador of Calvin Klein?
If the Lakers win 30-35 games this year, would their season actually be a success?
Don't be fooled by the spurs they are playing like garbage?
Whats More Important For You?
How to love running??? (help!)?
Refs screwed the Sacramento Kings.. AGAIN!?
Who was better? Brady 2001-05 and 10-0 in playoffs, or 2006-13 and 8-7 in playoffs?
POLL: Who has tainted the sport more - Barry Bonds or Alex Rodriguez?
Professional Wrestling: What did you think about World Wrestling Entertainment's Friday Night Smackdown?
How many of Brady or Mannings playoff games have you watched?
Can you tell me what type of martial arts are more grappling and what one are more kicks and punches?
How good was Clint McKay's 2 not out in the ODI last night?
Have you guys seen the refs list for the world cup?
What do you think of the \Omaha\ thing and Peyton Manning?
what would your reaction be if chael sonnen signed with wwe as pro wrestler?
has anyone made up any new original sports?
What do you think about MMA fighter Daniel Cormier's quote concerning Professional Wrestling?
Who had the best/worst night tonight?
in your opinion, will chris weidman remain undefeated for the next 5 years?
In your opinion what is the best martial art to learn for a 5ft 5inch person?
WRESTLING : Is'nt CM PUNK an Austin wannabee?
Throughout Manny Pacquiao's entire career has he ever beat any undefeated World Champions?
Who Do You Want To Win At WrestleMania 30, Triple H Or CM Punk .. !?
Who is that Emma girl who has the Emmatastic sign?
One end of the snowboard longer?
Is Vince McMahon and his WWE still \insulting our intelligence\?
How do baseball jerseys fit?
Should CM Punk have kept his mouth shut and not be a smart a**?
how soon will ryback get released?
Who are the toughest enforcers in the NBA today?
Did Anyone Else Enjoy That Chokeslam By Kane On CM Punk .. !?
What do you think was Aaliyah's reaction when Kane chokeslam CM Punk?
Fantasy basketball trade?
starting in basketball tomorrow?
Did you laugh when the Uso pushed Zeb Colter on a wheelchair into Antonio Cesaro?
What do you think of JBL saying he couldn't leave the fans with The Miz on commentary?
WRESTLING : The USOS is the best tag team currently in the wwe : TRUE or FALSE?
When Antonio Cesaro does the Big Swing, why does the person getting swinged put his arms near his head?
How do you think Triple H will punish Randy Orton for attacking John Cena's dad?
Should Zeb Colter sue the Big Show for knocking him out?
What is the highest age of a Super Bowl winning quarterback in the last 10-15 years?
What do you think of The Miz saying The Uso's have been together since day one?
Is John Cena's dad still in the hospital?
WRESTLING : Don't you think ZEB COLTER would be a better manager for LESNAR?
Is there anywhere online you can watch the full Game 6 of the 2007 Eastern Conference Finals?
Wrestling section: Did anyone else wish that Zebs wheelchair went all the way down the ramp and into the ring?
Did Anyone Else Notice Antonio Cesaro Push Zeb Colter Down The Ramp .. !?
Hahaha, of all the people to start making the Shield argue with each other, it's Renee Young? Thoughts?
Batista must win the battle royal or have other rivalries?
What do you think of JBL saying if he was in the Royal Rumble with Ron Simmons he would throw him out?
Would you bench peralta if...?
Do you think Big E.Langston was checking out Summer Rae's legs on Smackdown?
What do you think of JBL saying he was once relevant like The Miz was?
WRESTLING : How would you rate BIG E LANGSTON as IC?
What do yyou think of JBL saying The Miz is the WWE version of Vanilla Ice?
What change would you make to the Aussie ODI Team?
Who's name/number should I get Marco Reus or Schweinsteger ?? For my Germany jersey. Or Lahm ? Gundogan ?
Is the \Abigail\ Bray Wyatt refers to either actress Abigail Breslin or actress Abigail Spencer?
The best game this weekend?
If you were Mexicos coach what formation would you use?
Is Bray Wyatt's father the reason why Bray Wyatt is the way he is today?
HOW TO DO THE SPLITS IN A MONTH???
How did Irving R. Scheister deceive Bray Wyatt?
Do you think that it is a brave thing for Floyd to throw insults at Manny?
Has Anyone Noticed How Daniel Bryan Copied Shawn Michaels .. !?
Do you think Bray Wyatt will miss kissing Daniel Bryan's hair?
What is \hsin\ in Tai Chi?
running alone or strength training combined?
Did you like the song WWE put in Mae Young's tribute, \Stubborn Love\ by the Lumineers?
Wrestling section: Did that Mae Young tribute bring a tear to your eye?
Why does this always happen in the Mexican national team?
If you were a wrestler what would be your reaction to just having your arm violated by Alberto Del Rio?
Does anyone else agree that Rey Mysterio should've left the ring immediately after he beat Alberto Del Rio?
WRESTLING : Do you think the NEW AGE OUTLAWS are still capable to be main eventers?
Alberto Del Rio likes to rub other men's arms on his unit?
Did anyone else see Big Show's confidence in his eyes?
Should Rey Mysterio be the next one to retire and be inducted into the wwe hall of fame?
would a stevens 320 12 guage be good for hunting deer and other game?
What do you think about The Miz arguing to JBL about being relevant?
Is JBL portraying a heel commentator?
How to lower my mile time?
Does Paul Heyman have yellow teeth?
I don't mean to be impertinent but . . .?
WRESTLING : TRUE or FALSE : Starting a feud with alberto is a bad way to start with batista's return?
What do you think was Enrique's reaction when ADR got the \no entrance\?
Was tonight on Smackdown the first time that you've ever seen Paul Heyman run away like a scalded dog?
Who Has Better Kicks In The WWE, Daniel Bryan Or CM Punk .. !?
What was your reaction when Paul Heyman said on Smackdown that Lesnar will \conquer\ the Big Show?
Wrestling section: Why doesn't Eva Marie just become a model?
Has everytime Paul Heyman gone to war has he always had Brock Lesnar by his side?
WRESTLING : Do you think being a HEYMAN GUY is getting played out?
Agree these changes need to be made in NRL?
What is the greatest NFL game ever played?
Football jersey etiquette. Ok to wear to the sports bar when they're not playing?
What do you think was Goldust's reaction when Vickie distracted Cody?
You're kidding me!?!?! These has-beens beat the tag champions, the Rhodes' Brothers?
What do you think of what The Miz said to JBL about inviting him to the JBL and Cole Show?
Who's primed to make a breakout year in 2014?
Why does WWE decide to put the Miz on Smackdown commentary tonight and not Booker T?
why was Michael Jordan not in the NBA JAM Video Game in the 90's?
How do you think JBL feels on commentary Since The Miz is commentating on Smackdown?
With Miz on commentary, will Smackdown be Awesome?
In the AFC, what are the key players and stats of the Patriots, Broncos, Colts, Chiefs, and Bengals?
I have PE, what to wear and bring?
Losing weight, need help?
Who'd Win Trish Stratus vs AJ Lee?
Is my snowboard to short?!?
Should I upgrade my current bicycle or purchase a new one?
Is the NFL having games on Christmas?
Buying ice skates???
So Kobe goes to college. What about Lebron???
What's more realistic? Mike Trout becoming a $300 million dollar player of A-Rod playing in 2014?
What do you think was The Rock's reaction when his daughter was allergic to nuts?
When your Favorite NFL Team isn't in SUPER BOWL do you Root for the Team from the Conference of your Team?
What is your favorite jersey number ?soccer futbol football etc?
Have Shin Splints Nred Help!?
Do you Own Muliple MLB Teams Caps or do you Only Own Caps from your Favorite MLB Team?
Do you Own Clothing of multiple NFL Teams or you Only Own clothing of your Favorite NFL Team?
is it legal to jug fish in tennessee?
Who is the true BITW- Chris Jericho or CM Punk?
Why Does The Club Leon Shirts Say This ?
WS: Did you know Bully Ray was actually Bubba Ray Dudley from the Attitude Era?
Anyone else hoping AJ loses her Divas title tonight so she wont break Maryse record?
Is Scott Brooks(Thunder coach) overrated?
What club did Ole Solskjaer support?
Who has seen the film Wolf Of Wall Street?
What are the top 5 teams in the AFC 2014?
What is the way I should celebrate the Super Bowl?
What is the best team in the NFL in terms of their winning record over the years?
Thoughts on the Oilers getting Florida Panthers for rookies today?
Adonis wants me knocked off the number 2 spot in the scottish football section, should he get his way?
Should Manchester United F.C. try to buy Harry Wilson..?
how to become a better distance runner ?
Will united ever catch up with aston villa's?
Is there a website that gives information on English League Division 1?
Is scottish rites free masonry rife in scottish football and life ?
Is there a website that gives information on English League Division 1?
Is scottish rites free masonry rife in scottish football and life ?
dove and duck hunting gun?
Who will batista face when he returns?
Right now, which team would win, Colombia or Spain?
If Hearts get liquidated will the rename there selves The Hearts ?
What's an Anti-Face or a Tweener in wrestling?
Which shoe is better - Kobe 8 or Melo M10?
list an unpopular footballing opinion...?
Question about the S & W .380 concealable?
WRESTLING : Who would win : (Prime) UNDERTAKER vs (Prime) GOLDBERG?
Which of these teams play most like man city? Swansea,Southampton or Newcastle?
I'm fighting next week and I need tips?
Which NFL Conference Championship Game are you looking forward to Watching the Most on Sunday?
Mossberg 500 collapsible stock WITHOUT pistol grip?
CAN Biking be as intense as jogging?
Cricket Poll: Brett Lee or Shane Bond?
SFA rules ,how many times can a football team be liquidated ?
how Many of you cats on here have actually had a foursome?
how popular are the Dodgers outside of California?
what is this Olympic Item?
What does your club have that you can claim is truly unique...?
Will Celtic use Rangers as a feeder team for young prospects with potential ?
Do you agree or Disagree: WWE Screws up all of their monster heels.?
how can shoot really hard in soccer/football?
Isn't it true that the Lakers problems aren't Jim Buss's fault...they're Jerry Buss's?
If The Rangers get liquidated what will they call there-selves next ?
What kind of dreams or nightmares would Cook be having if he sleeps at night?
Ike Ibeabuchi (1997) vs. Samuel Peters (2006) 12 Rounds at Heavyweight?
Who's the best player you've ever seen play ? Your top 5!!?
Is Vince McMahon really going to get rid of the whole face/heel thing?
Do you think The Shield will really break up?
who will play in the ramsdens cup final if the ibrox team go under?
Who are the Loudest Fans in England ?? Are Hooligans still alive or Extinct ?
should rangers fans march to hampden again?
what were some great CRUISERWEIGHT matches and CHAMPS (only WWE NO wcw)?
is mccoist blameless in all this at ibrox?
Is Cristiano Ronaldo a winger or is he more of a left forward (left striker)?
Do you think Tom Brady Was REALLY surprised.......?
Is Cristiano Ronaldo a winger or is he more of a left forward (left striker)?
Are u wwe fan boys jealous that tna has the wolves?
running for tall skinny guys?
Tnas tag division has promise while wwe doesn't?
Do you guys watch Pro Bowl?
Is Moyes going to wait last minute again to sign a 28Million Flop ?? They have 200Mill to spend!!!?
Rick Porcello, Austin Jackson, and Max Scherzer all sign one year deals, thoughts?
What is the difference between Kiba-Dachi and Shiko-Dachi?
Remember that time Lebron said he could score 60 or more if he took 30 or more shots?
Why Did Pope Benedict Defrock 400 Priests?
What would your reaction be if...?
running for tall skinny guys?
do you think they should make liga mx bancomer like the european leagues?
Where can I watch Getafe Vs Barcelona 16/1/14 Highlights?
WS: Which of these are your favorite WWE Video Games from the Ruthless Agression Era?
So wouldn't it be nice if the Thumbs down morons were identified each time they gave a TD?
what do you think of the direction modern football seems to be going?
When somebody predicts what the score will be, do you also say to yourself \Who is he kidding\?
At what time do “early risers” go to sleep at night? (Running)?
are Sucker punches Deadly?
Why are the Los Angeles lakers so bad this season?
What would happen at a gun show in your City if the lights went out?
Who is currently the most powerful man on the planet Earth.?
who is better all-rounder Shakib Al Hasan or Ravindra Jadeja?
Joe Montana on Colin Kaepernick: improvement required?
WHO managed Everton when they won the 1995 FA Cup?
so what are your sounds for tonight SFS...?
Do you watch ESPN First Take?
How do I immigrate to Russia?
Would you agree that NFL power rankings mean absolutely nothing?
Niner fan sees Sunday this way...?
Would you want Channing Frye on your team? As a starter, as a reserve?
Why has Liverpool been so long without winning the league?
does anyone know the season ticket numbers for celtic this season?
Will my running time and distance improve? If so how can I make it happen?
Where do players who play for Bears opponents usually eat when they play in Chicago?
would JOHN CENA fit in the ATTITUDE ERA?
can a 150 pound guy beat up a 280 muscle buff pound guy with a baseball bat?
West Ham were coming to get yous?
where does Ivan Rodriguez rank among Catchers All-Time?
In Pennsylvania, does anyone know?
How should I get better at hockey?
what is a good swimming time?
Patsfan's Patriots vs Chalise's Broncos; Who wins?
2K14 Association. Is my team stacked or is my team stacked?
What do you think of Astroturf?
Im trying to lose weight, need tips?
HOW often do you manage it.....?
how do you think Danny Welbeck feels everyday being compared to Heskey?
Will Celtic take advantage of Rangers downfall and take their best players ?
Does it look professional/armyish to have ACU and OD Green in your uniform for playing airsoft?
Can Man Utd hold Chelsea to a draw ?
letter of waiver for participation?
Would Balotelli be interested in a move to Manchester United?
Why do judges in boxing always steal fights in las vegas?
Rondos return Predictions?
Do you ever watch any SPL or Bundesliga?
Do Argentina have the BEST strikeforce in the world?
Boxing: What did Cus D'Amato mean about Bob Arum?
Is 4 weeks enough to gain running endurance?
How much should a Rangers player get ?
Is the EPL still the top league in the world?
Basketball dunking and hoop breaking?
Have you noticed how Gary Neville and Ribery look like twins?
do you have to have certain genes to be a top athlete?
nicknames for nfl minutemen, remember them, cowardly pride, lone star gatherers, fish. arms for Girls toys, c?
Which basketball position is best for me? need help please :)?
Do Spain have the best strike force in the world?
What is a signed 1993 blue jays world series baseball worth ?
Thuthuka are you dying to be white with blue eyes?
how many hours should I practice on soccer ?
how do i improve my service in tennis?
Which do you like the most? WCW Chris Jericho or WWE Chris Jericho?
So no Rooney and Van Persie against Chelsea?
What should I wear to ice skate with a guy?
Would Fozzy still be successful if Jericho wasnt already famous for his WWE career?
Will Celtic buy the Rangers players that do not want to stay after the pay cut ?
what is your opnion about goliath bets ?
What do you think this section is like in an Alternate Universe?
What do you think of 'primea noctis'?
what is the job of guards?
Someone has just threatened to hunt me down and kill me because of my opinion, is this fair?
Any tips for sore thighs back and shoulders from running?
Would this buttstock fit my Mossberg 715t flat top?
Non Celtic/United fans?
What are your Liverpool vs Aston Vanilla predictions....?
Which is better: the EPL or the League of Uruguay?
Is the current United team the worst United team in the premier league era?
CELTIC set to BEAT MANCHESTER UNITED to the SIGNING of Portuguese STARLET CARLOS MANE, thoughts?
What's the best dirtbike for me ?
Judging by my picture ..............?
Why do people talk about Tony Romo?
Who would win in a match?
Wonder Premier (Week 22, part 2). What are your predictions for this weeks fixtures?
I have a 27 inch samsug momitor what are ths two swiches for ?
Is it true that the currency in Old Trafford is Yen?
Off Topic: Is Susan Boyle currently the sexiest woman in Scotland?
The Rockets and Mavs: Should they make a trade with each other?
Youngest combined age of starting qbs in a nfl conference championship?
Score predictions for tomorrow's games?
Remember that time Nani tried to decapitate Alvaro Arbeloa in the Champions League?
Is Jerome the only black member in this section?
Is Luis Suarez the only player that comes close to Cristiano Ronaldo so far this season?
Brock Lesnar is so stupid he still acting like a baby.?
Who do you think is going to go to the Super Bowl 2014?
Have Man City ever won the league by more than one point?
Who would win in a fight?
Why is Carolina Panthers' salary cap situation so bad?
\Mertesacker has arguably been the best defender on the planet over the last 12 months.\?
whos better mertesacker or sergio ramos?
Do you think Manchester United are hoping Fiorentina sign Anderson permanently?
whos better mertesacker or sergio ramos?
How many Legendary fans does your club have ...............?
Back hydraulic brake squeaking?
Should club legend Scott Brown stay at Celtic or make the move to Bayern Munich?
Is Wagne Rooney bigger than Manchester United?
Would you want your team to sign mark reynolds if he wanted a 2 year 18m deal or 3 yr 25m?
How do I convince my principal to let me have a field trip to a stadium?
Can we hold Chelsea to a draw at Stamdord Bridge?
Which tennis players swing a thick stick?
What's a good snowboard for a beginner?
Street defensive objects?
Are we on the eve of a 'BIG 4' transition in la liga?
how should I go about getting my barrel horse back into racing?
Which CAL ST team has been most succesful in athletics?
How much is Rooney worth?
good sports for a tall skinny guy?
Will Kelly Clarkson To Peform Again To Sing The U.S. National Anthem At The Super Bowl 48?
Will Chelsea park the bus against Man United?
All womens adult soccer team?
What elevation do the New England Patiots play at?
How to properly use live bait?
The Lebron fans like to claim hes better all around than Kobe but i think what they actually meant to say?
which of these revolvers would you choose?
will Moyes approach the game against Chelsea?
Do you like any players from your club who is usually disliked among fans of your club and other clubs..?
Is Tim Bradley the poor man's Floyd Mayweather Jr.?
is there a Steroid user in the Hall of Fame?
Hey guys, Do any of you know how I can break in my goalie blocker?
Ezra Walian, remember that name..?
ESPN: predicts 49ers & Broncos to Super Bowl. Opinions?
Good Boxing Fights To Study?
What do you think of the possible take over of Spanish Club Valencia?
Professional Wrestling: What is so impressive about SHIMMER Women's Professional Wrestling?
Why is it that ODB is the only TNA Knockout that has any actual character depth and personality?
Is it good to see Celtic prioritising their fans concerns like this?
which shoes are better ( boys basketball)))?
Have you been able to sustain the attack imposed on us by the baby saint here ?
Muscles needed for a football (soccer player) ?
will a m16 fire control assembly (Trigger assembly) shoot full auto with an ar15 bolt carrier group?
How can NHL owners afford to pay their players such high salaries?
can i make it to play with a team in europe from this video?
How embarrassed would you be if your best player was Cleverley or Samaras?
Before they accrue anymore gloryhunters will Southampton return back to 2nd division ?
Boxing: Considering what we know now, was Floyd right not to fight Margarito?
Shoe help !!!! Please skaters opinions?
Were there any Man city Internet fans before Shiekh Mansour bought the club ?
Why are Manchester United such a horrible club who plays horrible football?
Im 15 and Dont know what to do for my D of E skill, please help?
Is Angelo Mathews underrated as a batsman?
Do Chelsea fans breed with each other in order to keep their fanbase up?
How many Arsenal fans have even watched Draxler play?
Do Arsenal fans dream of living in a first world country?
What is your FORM p4p list? (I'm not including robberies in the judging of this)?
Do Manchester United fans even know where Europe is?
How do I start boxing?!?
A question for women who trains martial arts?
I made up my mind finally?
Can I play not play linemen if I am a bigger kid? For football?
Why are Man Utd fans appreciated so much here ?
Do you agree with who I think will most likely win this Super Bowl?
Rugby move from flanker to hooker?
Do you think I will be right about the Denver/New England game?
Quad bike has no v5 or reg how can i find this out?
How would Divas Champion AJ Lee do in a Match against Mae Young in Her Prime?
Why is Manchester United #7 in the league?
Do you want to see Batista feud with The Shield?
How lucky are Fiorentina getting a player bought for £30 million on LOAN?
who should i support swansea or southampton or QPR?
Best PG,SG,SF,PF,C Of all time?
Are you irritated by Dale Steyn's aggression?
How much longer do you think it will take before we know what is really happening with Valencia?
Why is saints fan such a man united lover/defender?
Its about TENNIS game?
Which team do you think will get the 4th Champions League spot in La Liga?
Who Will Take At The Super Bowl 48 To Win: 49ers Vs. Seahawks Or Broncos Vs. Patriots?
Professional Wrestling: Total Nonstop Action: What do you think of Don't Cross The Boss Dixie Carter?
Armour piercing ammo In Canada?
Kovalev is a future p4p #1?
I have a Stevens model 320 12Gauge and I want too replace the stock and pump handle how do I do this?
How much Dilruwan Perera was disappointed today to miss out a debut hundred?
Which 5 football clubs do you dislike the most?
Who Would Win in a 1on1?
Who will win the following matches in TCW?
How comes people condemn Man United for not being from Manchester?
Can you do c25k in 4 weeks?
Do British people watch basketball or American football?
Ugh Rooney and RVP are still out?
What is your main reason for hating Southampton F.C.?
less trail more twithciness why?
Predictions: Chelsea vs Manchester United?
Boxing: Is Floyd Mayweather's unwillingness to work with Bob Arum a new thing?
Happy Birthday D Wade. 32 years young.?
can i wear diamond my rashi is makara and thiruvonam?
where is Tigers children?
WRESTLING:What is name of the song used in this promo?
identity crisis: should I be supporting Newcastle United, or Manchester United?
Scuba diving in the Tampa Bay /Clearwater Florida area?
why is everyone here so obssesed with cr7?
Why did no one sign barry bonds in 08?
Their is a chip in the crank case on my two stroke bike?
Tna took shots at wwe last night, how Many times and what was said?
Should I Get The Lebron 10's Or The Hyperdunk 2013's ? What Colors ?
Top 10 NFL WRs and TEs?
what can I get signed at a TNA fan interaction?
Celtics vs Lakers on tv 1-17?
My treadmill is making a clicking noise when I run on it. (xterra)?
Do you like the 4-3 or the 3-4 defense better?
Tips for getting your back handspring !?
I am 5'8\....is it good enough for an Indian guy ?
is it true goldberg is going back to wwe to face ryback?
Have Baltimore fans come to understand that they lost the Colts because the state tried to steal them?
Do inside cycling machines improve running?
do you think i could play in spain with this video?
Will Lance Berkman be in the Hall of fame?
How do you feel about players currently injured still planning on playing in the Olympics?
Is a 30 inch vertical leap good?
do u know about lies narender modi?
Will Wayne Rooney even make the bench against Chelsea on Sunday?
how to impress family at a basketball game?
Do you think that Sir Alex Ferguson will return to replace Moyes?
Help identifying this FIFA game music?
How to contact the NBA? for some very important school work?
So what does this mean? SPOILER ALERT?
158cm skis for someone who is 5'2\?
Does anyone else feel sorry for Alastair Cook?
How to pack my mountain bike for a motorcycle ride?
Are these Wrestlemania XXX seats good?
carp dough bait recipe that is nearly water insoluble? (DETAILS)?
how to develope a strategy?
do you like this video i made ?
Which of these supplies the energy that drives the water cycle?
How many times can I miss track practice before they think of kicking me off the team ?
Can Erik Lamela play striker?
5 matches Australia has to play same number for India?Tough fight for Number 1 rankings?I guess Australia?
Is India in danger of losing there number 1 status to Australia?
After Aus vs Eng series Australia will rule in ODI rankings?As It will be hard for eng to win a match?India?
Am I shooting the basketball wrong?
What's your main reason for hating Man United......?
Boxing: RuddiGer, I need some clarity bro about Contributor credibility in the Boxing Forum.?
Where would you rank John Elway on the all time list?
why is the fantasy basketball stat tracker never working when u need it i depend on it every day?
What are your dream match?
my vw golf mk4 takes time to engange from gear 2 to gear 3 what could be the problem?.?
I always wanted to own an electric bike ..which one could I opt for?
Boxing: kalambre and other contributors... I need some clarity on your inconsistency?
Compound Bow String Question.?
IF A FOOTBALL MATCH BETWEEN INDIAN FOOTBALL TEAM AND INDIAN CRICKET TEAM WHAT WILL HAPPEN?
Which teams do you miss from the Premier League?
Are there any guns you bought but in hindsight wish you hadn't?
IF A FOOTBALL MATCH BETWEEN AUSSIE CRICKET TEAM VS AND AUSSIE ORIGINAL FOOTBALL TEAM WHAT WILL HAPPEN?
IF A FOOTBALL MATCH BETWEEN AUSSIE CRICKET TEAM VS AND AUSSIE ORIGINAL FOOTBALL TEAM WHAT WILL HAPPEN?
BREAKING NEWS- DNA testing has revealed the identity of James Faulkner's real father?
ice skating nottingham?
Is there any tips to choose good online fishing shop?
How mad would you be if.....?
What are best gift for fishing enthusiasts?
What happend to TNA impact?
FOOTBALL MATCH BETWEEN ARGENTINA VS ENGLAND CRICKET TEAM AND ARGENTINA VS INDIAN CRICKET TEAM?
PADI table and safety?
problems when learning to scuba dive?
problems when learning to scuba dive?
Who are the most complete fighters in history?
How to play in the NFL coming out of high school?
Who's getting relegated this season?
What is trusted online shopping for fishing equipment in USA?
I lost my fishing rods, Please share information about online store features a wide range products ?
WHY IN ASIA EVERYONE KNOWS ABOUT WWE AND STILL WATCHING BUT NO ONE KNOWS ABOUT TNA?
What are best online shop for fishing equipment? I need to buy top quality fishing gear.?
Where are Manchester United in the epl ladder?
Is there any online fishing equepment store which provide best quality product with low pricing?
Club legend Anderson has left Man utd for fiorentina ?
I have problem with my fishing reels for my fishing competition next week. Please share information?
Boxing: Happy birthday to the Greatest HW ever?
When do you think the Oilers will become good again?
Will Mesut Flopzil win the best player in EPL award this season like the way they awarded his transfer ?
Who will win the new battle of Alberta: Calgary or Edmonton?
Did Faulkner do a Dhoni .ie, leaving the runs to the last over thus putting the pressure back on the bowlers?
How happy is A-Rod now?
Manning vs Brady; Greatest Sports Rivalry?
Who should CM Punk face this WrestleMania?
Couldn't it be possible to take performance-enhancing drugs by drinking (e.g. Gatorade barrel)?
Where do i find new limbs for my mathews heli-m?
Faulkner u Beauty. It's 7-0. Is it going to be 13-0? Can England really win a match in this tour ?
Where can i sell my Real Madrid signed shirt by 15 world class players?
can i use sports bike in summer, in UAE its 50 degree in summer, which sports bike is best for UAE?
Varsity jackets??? One direction?
How much is my dads winchester 30-30 worth?
what does it say about these two?
When will DOTA2 INTERNATIONAL 4 starts ?
Scared to go to a skate park?
Will Kevin Love be traded before the deadline?
Which game was better? Raiders vs Dolphins in 1974 or Chargers vs Dolphins in 1982?
We've all seen troll wars in the cricket section?
Is the ballon nothing but a popularity contest?
Does Demarcus Cousins remind you of Chris Webber?
Is England the tallest team?
Can NZ's plan of preparing swinging conditions backfire?
What is it called to jump from skateboard to skateboard? Also what is it called to jump onto your skateboard?
I ran and feel like throwing up now?
Do you think the Vikings should Trade Peterson now or not at all?
how did tom brady get his face so defined ?
Instead of Rubbing Alcohol, does normal cleaning spray (such as Ajax Spray and wipe) work to clean your bearin?
Who is the player of BD cricket team?
How has Bernard Hopkins been able to maintain his memory and health at the age of 49?
Will the Rangers player walk away or take the pay cut ?
Treadmill & Gym equipment info?
Rank these strikers from best to worst?
How can anyone stop man city this season..?
Why won't anyone in Scottish football give Riordan a chance?
Wrestlemania XXX Predictions/Dreamcard?
How do you change your My Player jersey number in NBA 2K14?
Make the perfect fighter by combining two guys from the past or present together?
Which one is correct...PL,EPL or BPL ?
How far into my player NBA 2K14 do you get to choose a new agent?
Is this just me, or is the country really not that excited about the World Cup?
my s3 fell in water!?
Professional Wrestling: What is your opinion on Total Nonstop Action: Genesis?
WHICH IS BETTER TNA OR WWE?
Could heart beat ring craft?
Why do people hate ADR?
Which side to shoot from? (Hockey)?
What does 4 to 1 favorite mean in a boxing match?
Has Floyd Mayweather Jr. ever ''cleaned'' a division?
Why is the visible host of the Australian Open Tennis Championship always a citizen of the USA?
why did they stop calling carmelo The Big Bully?
wwe still has not release its ppv locations for 2014?
who will win this cricket match on March 1 Afghanistan or Bangladesh AT ASIA CUP 2014 also why?
Looking to try and get interested in the NFL? Can anyone explain the basic rules?
Why did kenwyne Jones refuse to pla against Liverpool?
who will win on India or Bangladesh on Feb 26 at Fatullah?
How to gain speed/strength for cartwheel?
Tna:how many shot did tna take on wwe at genisis part 1?
Purchased a Marlin 336W 30-30 Rifle. Was this a good choice for my first firearm?
FOLOWING ON FROM THE LAST IDIOTS QN?
Why Travis dislike Ronaldo so much?
what martial art next?
Is Chris Jordan fully English?
Is Maxwell gonna be the next Jadeja?
Anyone train 10th Planet Brazilian Jiu Jitsu?
WWE- Do GM's help create matches or they are told what to do?
WWE? How do they decide who wins and loses matches and titles?
who is Nemanja Matic replacement in chelsea?
Rugby lifting blocks?
NFL- The Jets GM said that trading Tim Tebow was a mistake, Thoughts?
Who would win in a street fight: Andres Guardado or Brek Shea?
Where you can watch live match of India vs New Zealand ODI's?
How many shootouts have the NJ devils gone to so far on 2013-2014 season?
Rebuttal speech about the Olympics?
ears clogged after swimming help?
How come most Manure utd fans get sent to this website whenever the truth is Spoken about thier club?
Good qualities for a defensive end?
Could I play my futsal game? or I'm still injured.?.. HELP?
Can i play middle linebacker for my High school varsity football team?
Please tell me what kind of chances i have for making the football team Varsity?
Who would you pay to watch for : Alastair cook or eoin Morgan ?
SFS IS IT TOO EARLY FOR A FRIDAY FUNNY?
How do I become better at soccer? can anyone please help me out?
Is this a winning score?
Shoe insole 5 cm + shoe 2 cm?
Will Sachin take the offer?
Should I try out for the tennis team again?
whats cheaper to buy?
Can't I just run and not worry about my heart rate?
Describe QPR,Southampton and Swansea's style of play?
Question about hunting, trapping, etc reality shows?
are NFL stitched jerseys made in Honduras?
What are my chances of playing Varsity Football? Never played?
Why do people think Russell Wilson's passing game is off?
Im actually fine with building around Melo but my only conern is that he leaves us in FA what should we do NYK?
8ft slate pool table?
Why is Coulter-nile in the team?
Can I play for nepal cricket?
How much is this old rifle worth?
Who thinks Seahawks offense will be better this Sunday?
The American Wolves VS DX who would win ?
When will the FIFA World Cup 2014's inaugural ceremony arrange ?
Could Johnny Manziel be similar to a Colin Kaepernick type of QB or Tim Tebow? Why?
How do you level up in NBA 2k14??
Generating physical strength through emotions?
When will arrange the FIFA World Cup 2014's first match ?
Should Dana White start promoting/advertising Travis Browne as the new UFC Heavyweight Champion? If not, why?
Snowboarding for the first time help?
why did frank thomas get divorced in 2001?
Too old to compete?? Ice skating?
what IS half court basketball ?
Will Sting sign with the WWE after he leaves TNA next week?
What are your thoughts about the Top Rank Boxing card scheduled for March in Texas?
what do I wear to a archery lesson?
Why can some people run very fast & others slow?
Can somebody tell who was Aaron \Hawk\ Pryor's opponent at 0.52 of this tribute video please?
Seedorf will teach AC Milan, his future?
Wow tom brady what is this?
Is Kevin McHale the worst head coach ever?
What shooting form does Chris Smoove use on NBA 2K14?
what part of Mexico are you or your family from ?
how many world cups has germany won?
What would the NFL be like today if...?
what's your opinion on owning a sub-compact 10mm for CC?
Does this ESPN poll show most people are unintelligent?
Is it possible for me to make it to the NBA?
is it aj styles or stinger?
2012 lakers or 2012 Celtics?
12 players on 3 courts. tennis doubles?
Why do people assume that Barry Bonds and Roger Clemens were PED free pre-1998 or 1999?
what u all think about man united this year?
Anywhere to do rimfire competition shooting in the Richmond, VA area?
I want to start parkour but what do I do?
Will it be, the wolves vs bad influence next week?
Who will win the broncos or the patriots .?
What is a color run like?
Is Gary Ballance's nickname \Losteez\?
Wilson wednesday Ideas?
Online Canadian stores that sell football shirts?
How far do you think Piojo and Mexico will go in the World Cup?
Are you watching the kookaburra too?
Who do you think is the mystery tna investor?
Will Philip Rivers ever win a Super Bowl or just not with the Chargers?
Will the NBA ever use a promotion-relegation system like in European soccer, It would boost up competition?
The Lakers and the Heat have had similar NBA Finals journeys is it to much of a coincedence?
differences between nike mercurial cleats?
Where can I find a Brooks Orpik Team USA hockey jersey from the 2010 Vancouver Olympics?
Poll: would you rather get dunked on or get your ankles broken by a girl?
What kind of socks do i wear with the Nfinity Evolutions?
Should Manchester united sign Marek Hamsik?
Are their any shoes that don't have tread on the bottom?
Will Root get bollocked for cashing in their review?
Hyland park.? Cost MN Three river district.?
Should I get the Nfinity Evolutions or Vengeances?
Where the hell is the Undertaker? When is he returning to WWE?
Could I be in pom? I'm not flexible!?
Is my setup good for street and flip tricks?
if kickoffs and extra points are eliminated from the NFL??
Is my setup good for street and flip tricks?
how to kinda \ruin\ my soccer ball?
How do I become a mermaid only if I touch water?
How do I become better/improve in soccer? I need big help?
What Nba team should I root for?
Why does Christy Hemme date a guy who smells sneakers... yes sneakers?
need clip for jenning mm?
What sport should I try?
Who is the best time manager in NFL Football? Coach or Player?
If Sting loses next week, no AJ Styles, no Jeff Hardy, and now no Sting?
Who was the Freestyle Olympic Wrestler who used to do stand ups?
which Nike cleats should i buy?
I have a budget of $200 and I want to make an usmc loadout. Any ideas on where to look or get?
As a competitive swimmer in high school, what should I eat throughout the day?
best self defense martial art for me?
Is Magnus bad for the Wrestling and a cancer?
Saw a patrick kane team usa hockey jersey for sochi is it real?
Who do you think will win in the Kenya v Namibia game?
What do you think of Taz saying Rockstar Spud's shirt is a children's small?
Was TNA taking a shot at WWE for having the Wolves have a tryout match?
is the world going to end on february 22 2014?
Pernell Whitacker vs Hector Camacho? Who would've won? Both southpaw?
Did Chris Paul flop himself to injury?
Tonya Harding was such a babe, right?
Who is the best pg, sg, sf, pf, c in the nba league right now?
How to get in shape for girls lacrosse?
Are all cricket bat stickers the same size?
Does anyone else appreciate Madison Rayne's will to not quit even if she was hurt before the match?
What do you think of TNA signing The American Wolves?
Why are 4 on 4 penalties so fast in NHL 14?
What do you think of Madison Rayne becoming the New Knockouts champion?
How cool was Bully's tribute to Mae Young?
Would you agree that the last one dayer was a comprehensive victory for us?
What snowboard should i get?
any websites to buy real nfl jerseys?
What do you think of Taz saying Gail Kim is a beautiful machine?
Why was Samuel Shaw backstage tonight if he wasn't going to have a match tonight?
When is Lady Tappa going to turn on Gail Kim?
Should I go to my great aunts funeral or go to a basketball foul shot competition?
So am I naturally athletic? I'm sort of a fatty?
LOOKING FOR PRICE ON ISRAILY MADE UZI CLASS1 9MM SEMI AUTO HAVE ONE LOOKING FOR ONE MORE TO LEAVE MY CHILDREN?
What do you think of Taz saying he doesn't want to hear Mike Tenay?
Is bud selig being the former owner of the brewers the reason Ryan Brawn got off so easy?
Will there ever be another un-american group in the WWE?
What do you think of Kuirt Angle saying he came to TNA because of Dixie Carter?
How to root for a bad NBA team?
Why did the Bucks suddenly stop using Nate Wolters?
Who would win this 5 on 5?
Should I play volleyball?
Is Steven Mason of the Philadelphia Flyers a bad shoot-out Goalie?
is it true that 90's pro -wrestling doesn't profit cable tv?
Would you had gotten mad if a guy backstage told you to focus on your opponent not Christy Hemme?
How can I improve my 800 meter, mile, and 2 mile times?
WHO IS MORE OVERRATED?
I thought this was the sporsts section?
2 favorite NFL teams ok?
Was it disgusting that Samuel Shaw smelled that guy's sneakers?
What do you think of Taz getting mad at Mr. Anderson for getting in his face?
How to win tomorrow's match..?!?!?
How to run with a Metronome for Cadence running?
Can Argentina win the World Cup?
Who is the cutest or sexiest female soccer player you heard of?
Was that Simon Diamond?
Boyfriend wants me to make him a knitted hat for snowboarding help me with color combos plz!?
Where's the best place to meet WWE superstars in Milwaukee?
Do you agree with Taz is it Austin Aries fault Velvet Sky might leave Chris Sabin?
What do you think about Velvet Sky smiling when Austin Aries said she was \extremely hot\?
Do you agree with Austin Aries when he said \she is an extremely hot woman\?
What do you think of Austin Aries saying he's a vegan but he would break it for a piece of Pigeon pie?
Should I do swim or dive?!?
which of these (fantasy) nba teams is better?
I know I'm over thinking this but please help?
Did you think it was funny that Austin Aries left talking to Velvet Sky as soon as he saw Chris Sabin?
what is the point behind these martial arts?
Am I too short for JV Football?
Was the reason Austin Aries not helping out Sting was because he was talking to Velvet Sky?
When should I restring my racquet/ arguments for a stringing prior to the string breaking?
Can you get a rash by touching Eric Young's beard since he hasn't washed it in so long?
Do you think will finish at least second in their World Cup group?
What do you think Austin Aries was talking to Velvet Sky about?
If Eddie told Lebron he had a beautiful body do you think he would \hold it against him?\?
How close were the Bulls from not 3 peating the second time around?
Young Patriots Fans!!?
is this a fake reebook jersey?
Is Sting jealous of Ethan Carter III and Magnus?
Why is Sunny in the HOF but Elizabeth isnt?
What to sleep in for cold camping?
how should i run the 500 meter ?
How to get my coach to not hate me?
What are your thoughts on fifa rankings?
Outdoor hunter pump shotgun (HELP PLEASE)?
considering how randy orton attacked john cena's dad, what would happen if randy orton,...?
According to Freddie Roach, Alex Ariza had Pacquiao drinking something questionable?
Since Sting is older, do you think Sting still gets in his opponents head like he did in WCW?
Copy > Paste. Copy > Paste Special?
Wrestling: what does dec. stand for?
Ric Flair is a god but is his time due soon?
Is this suppose to be a free PPV?
What do you think of Dixie Carter giving a bonus to the people that helped Magnus beat AJ Styles?
Is Davey Richards debuting tonight?
how to increase my vertical?
What are your thoughts on Dixie Carter saying AJ Styles had a \lonely hillbilly\ in him?
Did Spud buy his pants at the girls petite section at Kmart?
How do I train for Basketball?
Jordan's and Kobe's?
teddy bears are never hungry because they are full of what?
Help me find a snowboard!?
What do you think of Taz saying it was a great moment when Magnus beat AJ Styles?
What to wear outside in the frigid temps?
What is the sport where there's a ton of people all trying to get to the top of a human pyramid?
what do you think chris jericho would think of the spider scene in the 1972 movie \frogs\,...?
Where can I find the serial number on a old Ladies schwinn bike, proably 50's or earlier?
Will the 2018 FIFA World Cup be held in Sochi?
Which one of these auburn hats should I get?
Boxing: Jose Suliman... RIP?
Rugby cleats, football vs soccer vs rugby?
Neymar picks up first injury?
I'm running a half marathon in less than a month.?
Do you see WWE network as a good or bad thing for wrestling?
Boxing: What figher is fighting in the wrong weight class?
What kind of ski bindings should I get?
Physics of traditional vs compound bow.?
How to not be afraid to tackle?
How long does it take to hit 50 golf balls at a driving range?
If i have a 60 psi bike pump does that mean I can pump my tire only up to that number?
how Great would Alex Rodriguez be if he played in the NFL?
What did Lebron mean?
why is my foxpro wildfire call not playing sound?
What is a college football players offseason schedule like?
Why does everyone keep saying patriots/49ers gonna lose?
Why does my ear hurt?
In NBA 2k14 how do you dunk a missed shot from one of you're team members?
Team brady or team manning?
Why does my ear hurt?
who is your favorite cheater ever?
so i wanted to know what size i am with cleats if origanally i am a 5.5 in nikes but it is alittle bigger?
who is your favorite Steroid User ever!?
Boxing: is Floyd a true Welterweight?
Who else besides me HATES the Nets black and white color scheme in their uniforms?
please answer this question?
In what country are the 2016 Olympics being hosted in?
Anyone else think both road teams will win this weekend?
Should I stop watching (American) football?
how do i become a better swimmer in backstroke (backcrawl)?
Suarez and Sturridge vs Aguero and Negredo?
Will the NFL ever add new teams?
When is chris paul returning from injury?
An opinion question: if you were limited to a certain number of guns...?
cardio kick boxing work?
What is your most favorite college basketball team?
Need help with a sports report??
Does anyone know where I can watch old NFL GameDay highlight videos?
Help with Football muscle soreness problem?
who do you feel is the best \Clean\ player of the last 25 years?
where can i get a cheap Green Bay Packera jeresy?
Why wasn't Falcons head coach Mike Smith fired after this season?
Should Antonio Caesaro wear knee pads?
What's bigger in America, the Super Bowl or Wrestlemania?
Figure skating????????
Should Antonio Caesaro wear knee pads?
Has the Premier League ruined football?
could WWE of brought MUHAMMAD HASSAN back with another gimmick since his original gimmick fail?
Give me some good trash talk phrases?
Is eskrima/panantukan to deadly to be used against other martial arts?
Should I put my right foot forward or my left foot forward when snowboarding?
what would you name a TAG TEAM with 1member from IRELAND the other 4rm ENGLAND?
How to do long wheelies on a bmx bike and how to 180?
Can I shoot a airsoft gun as fast as I want in Semi-Auto without it breaking?
Do you think Andres Guardado will have a big role for Mexico in the World Cup?
According to Mourinho CR didn't deserve Ballon d'Or.... and Messi should get it.....?
can someone help me with my questions about pole vault?
Super Bowl XLVIII Predictions?
where can I sell my baseball cards?
Is Leon Sandcastle the next Deion Sanders?
Why are baseball batting tees, called tees?
Off topic question Do Jewish people like eggs?
Can i take on the running back position for highschool football?
Would you take Tamina Snuka on a date to the movies?
should i learn iga or koga ninjutsu after i master the basic of the dojo i am at whats better?
Are the Tampa Bay Buccaneers in any position to win the Super Bowl in a year?
Is Ric Flair over 100 years old?
is their a chest strap that will work with strava other than the expensive one stava?
Im 14 and 6\3 do u think I'm done growing ?
Is Carlos Fierro World Cup ready?
What are some good exercises that I can do outdoors?
Are the New Orleans saints a good team?
Where can I buy the cheap moncler down jacket?
What advantages do butterfly knives have over other pocket knives?
Peyton's Pre-AFC Championship Voicemail for Tom Brady?
How many goals will be scored in week 3 of liga mx?
What's your prediction Liverpool Vs Aston Villa?
Do humans have limits to how fast they can run?
how many goals wiil england score in Brazil?
Can you do a balestra lunge in sabre fencing?
Hyperventalating Problem In Gym?
Will Carmelo Anthony outplay Paul George tonight and prove to the young blood he still has work to do?
predictions for winners and losers this June in Brazil?
Michigan Wolverine Basketball Showdown! 1989 Champs vs. 1993 Fab Five team?
What happen if Payton Manning starts with his \Omaha!\ nonsense against the Patriots?
SFS: Thoughts on Neymar's injury?
Does A-Rod think he is the victim? Said in Espanol that good owners of teams called him and offered support?
shot put distance girls?
swimming invitational?
Are Smith Piston for Snowboarding as well?
Why does kaepernick takes hit for first downs and other qb's slide and be short 3 yards?
Pavel Datsyuk named captain of the Russian Olympic team...thoughts?
Are randy savage & u warrior getting inducted into this years hof?
NHL Jersey Sizing Help????
is anyone having trouble getting onto a pool table?
Should I play football next year?
What would be a realistic English League team name for FIFA 14?
How to prepare for karate?
How to prepare for karate?
What mascot has your football has at your football ground?
Is it true Joe Root is hosting the Oscars this year?
purely speculation what new talent do you think will be on TNA tonight?
Which year did Brian KIdd ex manchester utd and city managed Blackburn Rovers?
How do you fix an airsoft aep battery?
Which ex manchester united player scored the fastest england goal in the world cup?
which would you rather see for a wwe promo with chris jericho?
Can I make my sophmore basketball team?
How can I improve my time for the following events?
Who was a better heel, The Rock (1998-1999) or Triple h (1999-2001)?
I don't want my parents to come to my sporting events?
Its my time of the month again and i need yo go swimming :0. im only 11 and too young to use tampon help?
What kind of sweats for track and field?
Who is going to watch TNA tonight?
Do you remember who gave Hulk Hogan his ring name?
WRESTLING : Did you know that most fans on twitter said RYBACK is the future ATTITUDE era?
Scottish section.. as a tribute to Roger Lloyd Pack... what is your favourite Trigger moment?
if it was ok for the female wrestler aj lee to slap the male ring announcer justin roberts,...?
What is it called when you shoot a basketball and the ball goes in and out the rim?
Patriots or Broncos/ 49ers or Seahawks!? Who will WIN with final scores included!?
Can you get chosen in an mls team from canada?
2k and 40 minute extreme cardio workout?
Is 15 to late to start gymnastics?
WS: Which of these are your favorite WWF/E Video Games from the Attitude Era?
So how did the Rays managed to keep Price after not having enough money on payroll to pay him?
Freddy adu never lived up to his potential but?
when non-wrestling officials in the wwe got attacked or slapped or shoved by others,...?
Comeback to netball isn't even a good sport?
so are my fellow football fans looking forward?
Fitness challenges vs Royal Marines 30 mile yomp, physical and mental toughness?
Who thinks that the Kings will beat the Ducks in the playoffs in 6 games? If not, why?
former Liverpool academy player Ince, set for Monico move?
Do you agree with these Super Bowl picks?
R.I.P Mae Young, your thoughts?
Which is the better bike?
How can I become flexible ?
What type/ brand of bmx bikes would you use for the skatepark?
Now that i've been banned from my club, and the street fight cancelled, are you guys happy now?
who made the new years ball?
Am I the only one who doesnt care about Batista returning.?
which tractor implement?
1 for sorrow 2 for joy 3 for a girl and 4 for a boy ?
Can I use Crosman silicone chamber oil to clean my barrel?
Fighting in nhl 14????????
Should I have a gunsmith install a ghost ring sight on my mossberg 500 or can it be done yourself?
How to do my hair for school swimming?
why do black people hate Johnny Manzel?
Ken Griffey Jr the greatest baseball player in the 90's & Early Early 2000's?
How to design skateboard grip tape?
Cricket is a selfish game how many times do we see batsman fall after getting 100?
Can I build muscle with just boxing workouts and whey protein?
What player on your team do you usually find yourself screaming at through the TV?
I Really Want to Figure Skate Again!?
why have i not seen any ABE accounts?
true or flase: you own a softball?
WRESTLING : If both BATISTA and LESNAR were to work for TNA, would it phase the wwe?
What does jeff hardy like more wwe or tna?
so what does february 14th mean to you?
How is it determined which NFL teams play each other?
were rangers not to be financially stronger than celtic in one year?
AyO why muh nihkkih B Rawk Obeezlez skr8 h8in holmes?
Will England put up a fight today?
Do you know why today few martial arts schools do this....?
should the rangers supporters thank caine?
How to flood ice that sits on top of snow?
Why do I get only the women's results from the Australian Open. No results from the men's contests?
What pitcher allowed the least amount of runs in minimum of 2,000 innings?
whos winning tonight in the nhl?
Am I the only one that thinks Johnny Manziel will be a bust?
Mental help during a match please?
What does the term \sleepers\ mean in fantasy football?
we need to beat at least 2 of the teams above us in the prem ?
ESPN just ran a special on Mannings lowlights and, has anyone seen how many picks he's thrown in playoffs?
SO DAVID GOLD FROM WEST HAM IS COMING TO RANGERS RESCUE?
FIFA 14 Ultimate Team. What are the chances of getting a team of the year player?
when will john brown appear to ask where the deeds are?
why dosent wwe try to get aj styles ?
WRESTLING : Who would you rather see get fired from wwe : LESNAR or SHEAMUS?
why are nhl refs aloud to call the game unfair ?
Play well as a central defender in front of scouts?
Will Seattle give us some water if the 49ers win on Sunday?
Why do Real Madrid ''fans'' here respond to CR7 criticism as if?
I respect MUFC for appointing a British Manager at least - but worry about the quality for England ?
Did anyone see Neymar doing stepovers and hurting himself?
Ezgo golf cart problem.?
surely there has to be criminal proceedings brought at ibrox?
Do you think that each Original Six team will make the playoffs this season?
How is Aaron Hernandez doing?
how do the fans at ibrox think they can solve this?
Is this bike too big for me? My toe reaches the ground but ... ?
so we all know the sellic love just cant get enough?
Where do you think CR7 ranks among the worst passers in La La Liga?
Golden Age: Did you prefer Wrestlemania IV or Clash of the Champions I?
Baseball tryouts help please?
Can the Bengals win a superbowl with Andy Dalton?
how can i keep a Cricket Phone on without paying the bill?
Should Alistair Cook and the others take practice sessions in Australia more seriously?
how can i keep a Cricket Phone on without paying the bill?
Any amateur football teams in Barcelona (Tarragona area)?
How much does kendo cost to train equipment wise?
penny board or nickle board?
Are these Wrestlemania Dream matches??
My butt (derriere) hurts alot when I ride bikes?
basketball team league name?
If Newco rangers enter administration will they be deducted 15 points or 25 points?
How to prevent knees from hurting during running?
if Rinus michel was manchester united's manager right now?
Thoughts on this quote by a \Real Madrid fan\ who responded to travis ?
Ski slopes cut up in afternoon?
Which hawks players jersey should i get?
how to soften a rabbit hide?
Native French: What are all of the political parties in France?
how to dunk a basketball?
are you ready for the most exciting monday night raw ever?
Proposed changes to the NHL rules?
What's the best conference team to support?
What can I do w/a 30in. skateboard?
Who is the best Dolphins QB ever, Dan Marino or Bob Griese?
Where can I check the epl points table?
Olympics coming up in 3 weeks?
Newco rangers fans, you didnt really think you could lose £1 million a month without any consequences did you?
Why do people think juventus are really great?
Rangers supporters has your ship sprung a leak?
Why do people think juvenile are really good?
Why are people saying juventus are really good?
where does LeBron James rank All-Time?
So what happened to the Canucks last night?
Muay thai, boxing, or mma?
Can the clippers win the nba title this year?
Are sports bras smaller than regular bras?
how popular is the NHL?
So Anderson is in Florence now for loan move to Fiorentina?
First softball practice today?
How do you think arsenal will do in this run of fixtures?
How many active NBA players can say they went for 40 or more in a conference or nba finals series.?
How many times has Tom Brady and Bill Belichick faced Peyton Manning in an AFC Championship game?
Why does the five knuckle shuffle look so obviously fake?
Why does my coach do this to me?
A good burton snowboard for snowpark ?
Did cena use lesnars f5 as a starter for his aa(fu)?
When's the last time you've seen something like this?
Gers Winning Ability?
What posistion would i be put at on my highschool team?
Who do you think will win the UEFA Champions League?
What do you see the American Wolves doing in TNA?
Who thinks Jairus Byrd and Brian Orakpo would be good fits for the Packers?
How to protect my toes when playing rugby?
What are people's biggest problems with David Stern?
Which is the more lethal move, the WORM or 5 knuckle shuffle?
Is Moyes a combination of Martin Jol and Mark Hughes ©?
HOW MANY DID VRISTINO RONALDO WON THE WORLD BEST PLAYER?
long gradual uphill climbs?
Should wwe have john cena give randy orton dad the attitude adjustment?
Gers McCoist Does Walking After All?
Would you say raven is underated?
I need a Wrestlemania/WWE fan to give me some trick questions?
WWE On Demand Classics?
Fact or fiction: The Kobe fans can make a case that hes better than Tim Duncan, but the Lebron fans cant?
Really though, why can't Ronaldo pass the ball?
Whats with the different types of Sherrin?
What's the best conference team to support?
Why does Thomas Cleverley make Thomas Müller look like Thomas the tank engine ©?
Where can i find a list of the top ten motorbike manufactures in south korea?
What position did you play in football for high school/college?
Do you consider Ben Roethlisberger an elite QB?
Could Tim Tebow save Aaron Hernandez?
How many teams are \in transition\ at the moment in the premier league?
News on Market Trader Moyes transfer ?
Can I do it with a new pick?
is Monny a jewish football fan?
Rock climbing- bouldering question?
What match was CM Punk involved in on Monday Night Raw 1/13/14?
Would anybody be shocked if the pacers repeat what the lakers did in 2001 to the finals?
Where can I buy Fifa 14 players online for real money on the pc?
What team should I support?
What happened to the Man city legend Jô ?
Eskrima being the best martial art and better then all other martial arts.?
Can I still do cheerleading?
Is it strange how the build up to Chelsea vs Man United is almost non-existent?
Is it true David Stern is retiring. will there be fair refs or will they rig games?
Irish Rugby postion second centre?
cruz azul to face manchester city after the world cup for their 50th anniversary thoughts?
Is 5 minutes of high intensity training better than a 15 minute jog?
Does it appear to be a fair deal between Mariners and Blue Jays?
Eskrima a complete martial art?
Outdoor Enthusiast Nature Lovers Athletes What do you love about the outdoors? What activities do you like?
why is Alan Trammell still on the Hall of Fame ballot, but Lou Whitaker fell off on his first year?
What leg muscles relax when running?
Could James \CAPTAIN\ Milner get a CITY quadruple ?
Do you think FC Porto can win a Champions League again?
Who was the mystery partner of angle,storm,s joe at tnas most recent pay per view?
Hello! I recently downloaded Cricket 2007 and extracted its both iso files in same folder and replaced same no?
Could the outcome be reversed> Part 5?
Is Marijuana legal at old trafford?
Could the outcome be reversed? Part 4?
Why is DCFC BOYZ such an idiot?
How am i able to create space when i shoot or past my defender going to the hoop?
Could the outcome be reversed? Part 3?
Will the 2014 season be the last for Derek Jeter?
How long have you been a member of the English football section?
Is BAd just a poor mans TERRIBLEs.?
Will Manchester united enter the Top 6 next season?
Could the outcome be reversed?
What happened to that bad doctor?
Which is Cooler Brazil Or UK being Brazilian or British?
Do you agree that Alastair Cook sets up a great example for a true gentleman cricketer?
What happened to Fuzzeh and Perfectly Flawed?
Professional Wrestling: Why do people overhype Gail Kim?
has any one ever bought any thing from floridagunworks.com?
Who do you think Bianca REALLY was?
Who is more popular in New England David Ortiz or Tom Brady ?
Villareal vs Real Sociedad predictions?
I found Brock Lesnar's baby picture, nothing changed?
What happens if you shoot yourself in the head with a 9mm?
I am gonna become a troll and start personally attacking everyone?
Will Man Utd ever be the force they were again in Europe?
What would your Starting XI be for what you would consider to be the best team of this generation?
Rangers players refuse wage cut whats going on ?
is rushing (running) on 1st & 10 designed to get 2nd down and short ?
does anyone know alot about basketball, i want to be able to create some space when i shoot?
Do you think c.ronaldo will return to manchesterunited? 2014?
Which 5 teams can you see in the FA cup semis?
How can you make water in the wild wilderness using the campfires steam/vapor/heat?
Fellow Glory Hunters: Don't you thinks it's beautiful that a Derby County fan loves us so much..?
Red Wings fan at Blackhawks game?
Do you agree that these 15 clubs have had bigger & brighter history than Arsenal f.c ?
This Heat team over the past 3 years reminds me of the 2008-2010 Lakers team?
are derby county and their fans relevant?
After watching Seattle vs. Saints, don't you think Seattle's Offense kind of stinks?
How can you make water in the wild wilderness using the campfires steam/vapor/heat?
does it make me a man utd fan if I have been to 5 man utd games?
How does one manage to eat 69 hot dogs and live?
ok man utd fans prove to me that you're from manchester?
how are chelsea defenders going to contain our striker (Welbeck) this weekend?
About the NFL overtime rules?
Doesn't it look like the Patriots are going to roll to a 4th SB title?
is AceDevil the least known TC on this section?
Dear ABUs: Thank you all of being so concerned about me being from Manchester..?
The 1987-88 Liverpool side that is widely regarded as one of the greatest footballing sides ?
What social sites do you use? (Facebook, Twitter, Instagram etc)?
why is rushing (running) on 1st & 10 better than passing on 1st & 10 ?
how far do you think Atletico Madrid will go in the champions league?
how far do you think Atletico Madrid will go in the champions league?
Theres only 4 or 5 Real Man Utd fans on here, guess who?
can we make by rushing play a manageavle 2nd down ?
Who will be parking the bus for Sundays?
WRESTLING : Which chant do you enjoy more : YES, YES, YES or the FEED ME MORE?
So how does one spot an Arsenal hater?
Is Russell Wilson simply a more mobile version of Trent Dilfer?
who will man utd sign today?
Will the Undertaker win the Royal Rumble and John Cena win AT the Royal Rumble setting up the long awaited...?
Anyone with decent NFL knowledge can you answer my question?
why has almost every man utd fan on here blocked me?
good hunting pellet gun?
Isn't it Funny when a Gooner over-estimates his club ?
Which surfboard should i get? (beginner)?
By the time Utd get their 21st title?
do you feel Gary Sheffield is a Hall of Famer?
should i move to a shorter or longer surfboard?
Do you think Manchester United should sell Danny Welbeck..?
Who do you think will be the Top 5 players drafted in fantasy football in 2014?
Man United in for Vito Mannone.....?
Do you agree that Man utd haters have no \Real\ life other than hating it ?
I run 9.72 at training yesterday what time do think I will run in electric clock?
Anyone else think Ronaldo has been c#@p this year in all-round play?
pitbike spark problem ???
Agree or disagree: Defense wins championships?
who is looking for baseball workouts?
one footed ski trick?
Learning how to kick?
How are Man utd going to Rebuild in the summer, there will be as many as 14 players leaving ?
Does anyone know of any NFL teams who will get new Uniforms next season?
How to be more of a man?
How can you quickly end a fight?
Why did Ronaldo left biggest club in the world for some spanish club?
Paintballs don't stay in my gun?
Come on Arsene just sign?
Coach suing 14-year old Little Leaguer?
Is this also what makes Tendulkar special as Ranatunga said?
If Rooney decides that he doesn't want to sign a new contract @ Manchester United, should we....?
WRESTLING : Which wwe superstar do you think made the best impression on their DEBUT?
Has the phrase \All Manchester United fans are glory hunters\ been copyrighted..?
Things to do in Boston?
Will Etihad Campus be bigger than la masia?
What are perfect triples?
Did Manchester United ruin these players careers?
Is Luke Shaw overrated?
Who will win the 2014 World Cup?!?
Who won the 2014 NFL super bowl?
can you count to twenty?
Why do Man utd fans talk about other clubs ruining players ©?
Which team in the final four do you think \wants it\ the most?
is a cr125 a good upgrade from a ktm85?
Are my Varsity highlights pretty good?
tennis or volleyball? help me?
What player will Man City ruin the career of next ....?
How to train for a thigh gap like alexandra ambrosio?
Which team has won the most Charity Shields?
Can i take the running back position for highschool football?
Why do many people forget how damn good Brett Favre was in the 90's?
What was the man utd score when they last played Tottenham ©?
My height is 5.3\ .which bike will suit me unicorn or hunk or apache??
Do you think that i can take the running back position for highschool football?
Do you think there is a chance Lebron doesn't make the all defensive first team this year?
how do I buy a seat for a kayak that doesn't have connectors for straps?
what if arum steps down just to see what mayweather will ask next from pac?
how would you rate cm punks intellegence?
NFC Championships: Seahawks cannot stop Boldin?
Are you also satisfied about the Anaheim Ducks raping the Vancouver Canucks, 9-1?
ECW made the attitude era, TRUE OR FALSE and why?
Can you believe it? Moyes has finally got Everton above Man utd ©?
What will happen between Daniel Bryan and The Wyatt Family?
What matters most in bowhunting? Accuracy or speed?
Who is your personal favorite (by fandom and by skill) to win the World Series this year?
Do you remember when Man utd weren't a mid table team?
When will The Shield break up?
Why is running a lot bad?
Which one is best Riedell 121, 255 TS and 910 LS ?
Possible Wrestlemania 30 (XXX) Matches?
WRESTLING: Rate these wrestlers on the basis of their RING NAMES?
what would happen if Brock Lesnar and The Big Show..........?
Do you agree with this statement concerning Messi and CR7 goals in La Liga?
anyone else think Hazard will win Ballon D'or one day?
is Did I Do Dat and Rassling Critic is just one person?
NFL front office personnel would choose Brady?
How to dance like Daniel Sturridge ?
Alexis Sanchez or Eden Hazard, Hummels or Ramos and Negredo or Diego Costa?
Jürgen Klopp nominated for Ballon D'Or when BVB is only the third best team in North Rhine-Westphalia?
Chances of getting attacked by a shark swimming at night?
Who do you think will induct Ultimate Warrior?
Anyone else not care about Bute vs Pascale?
What would Costa do if Brazil win the FIFA WC and Brazil lose, wouldn't he be grieved that he left Brazil?
Why don't Chelsea use their youth team?
Why don't England replace Root with Alex Hales in the ODI team?
Is Javale McGee coming back this season?
As sorry as the Bronco's pass defense is don't they have a pretty good run defense?
isco or gundogun who would you rather?
Is Nemanja Matic a good re-signing for Chelsea?
thoughts on our game tonight?
Who is the better wrestler-Undertaker or Kane?
Who will boardcast Ind vs NZ series 2014?
o you think cesc will be able to take xavis place ?
What are the Los Angles Angles of Anaheim called in Spanish?
Is idea net setter working with regular idea sim card at 1st time? if not then what to do?
how much chlor brite do you need to add to a 22,000 gallon pool to raise the chlorine level to ppm please?
I noticed something about messi..?
Why do people think I'm pretending to be a Southampton fan?
What birds is it NOT LEGAL for me to shoot in the UK.?
Who do you think is the greatest quarterback in NFL history?
How could they even do this to Stuart Broad?
WRESTLING : Who do you think is more of a legend: ULTIMATE WARRIOR or KANE?
If a diva gets pregnant while she is the divas champion what would happen?
do you agree Tom Huddlestone > Michelle Carrick?
Can abyone here tell me about their experiance of travelling every other day while backpacking?
Can Wake Forrest can in the top 25?
Cycling up Mt Ventoux or Alpe d'Heuz?
Does being manager for a basketball team give you gym credits in high school?
Should we try to get Lucas Piazón on loan next season?
My top 10 NHL fighters 2013/14?
What is DIN SETTING FOR BODE MILLER'S SKIS?
What is a song during Australian Open highlight on Eurosport?
Professional Wrestling: Do you think Professional Wrestling Promotions should clean up Youtube?
Is Mauricio Pochettino leaving Southampton?
To have a great offense,does the player who has the ball the most have to be a threat to score at any time?
Can these QBs I name be liable for a game winning TD less within 1 minute left?
Can a bear swim faster and deeper than a man?
Can we actually finish in the top 4 this May?
Is Jim Caldwell a good choice for the Lions?
can a boy scout use a fixed blade knife?
Why doesn't NFL have Promotion/Relegation?
Am I too old to take boxing lessons?
Scottish Football Would You Say Impressive?
How do I choose a good camping tent? What are the best camping tents?
how do I train for track ?
How do you win a match in TCW?
Negredo or Diego Costa?
Suppose that the price of basketball tickets at your college is determined by market forces. Currently, the de?
Speedball or woodsball?
when does AGT 2014 start?
Is Jose Mourinho actually making a bid for Berardi?
Have been in afight before also have you won a fight or you lost a fight?
Futuro Sport Wrist Support?
What makes your training sutablie for self defense?
Where can i buy authentic long sleeve arsenal home jersey?? with premier league patch?? i really need it soon?
If Pentax make a stabilized image on the lenses of pentax k bodies does it be better>?
Would it be counterproductive to do HIIT and long distance running in the same day?
Can anyone state the no of \key passes\ Zidane played in his whole career ?
Will Rvp and Rooney be back for the Chelsea game?
How important is India in cricket?
In the century, which team has the best achievements?
Will I become faster If I lose weight? tips pls?
shimano fishing reels?
Should M.O.T.D have a weekly dive of the week competition?
who would win in a one on one basketball matht micheal jordan or lebron james?
what do u call an alligater in a vest...inveastigater?
With the likes of James Milner and Danny Welbeck can we win the World cup?
how much does AUCKLAND MMA GYM cost?
Is James Milner one of the very best utility players?
What are some soccer matches predictions for this weekend?
im really good in defense but bad on the ball?
Is it funny that englands only world cup victory was t20 wc .the format they hate the most?
I need cheap accommodation near Emirates Stadium?
World 2014 in Brazil?
How much did city pay for Adebayor?
China dominate the Olympics due to their population, would you expect the same in cricket?
Why doesn't Peyton throw in a few Papa Johns with the Omahas?
Why cant i fight anymore?
What type of veg diet is recommended a week before mountain climbing?
what happened to schumacher in the end?
Premiership (EPL) Predictions (281)?
What do you think of these nfl players?
Which is the strongest club. Manchester City or Chelsea?
MELON FOOTBALL QUESTION OF THE WEEK? Have you ever eaten at sprout at a football match?
What's the best work & running shoe?
Is this the reason why England lost the Ashes 5-0?
what if neymar wins the world cup?
The Term Stacks On the Mill?
Where can I hunt rabbits near Baytown , TX?
What do you think of these football predictions Chelsea fans?
Hey guys! I need a SA on 'Hockey:is it really the national game of india?'?
does anyone know about guns?
If Lynch goes down with an injury, how bad of a hit does that Seattle team take?
Skateboard passion,Need some advice?
what is the difference between 'Goals For' and 'Goals Against' in Football?
Does anyone remember the feeling when the U.S. hockey team won the olympic gold in 1980 after the final game?
Who Will Win The 2014 MLB World Series: Houston Astros Or Texas Rangers?
driveing car and running and car just pushing pedeal wasnt getting gas then stop when turn off?
How to train for 1500m?
how to desolve methylene blue powder with water?
What martial does dwayne johnson use in the rundown?
What surfboard should I get?
Is Manning's explanation of saying Omaha 44 times the most confusing explanation you've ever heard?
when the submission form of gdca?
So Who Will Be Singing The U.S. National Anthem At NFL's Super Bowl 48?
Why are the guys wearing shorts that look dripping wet? Like this Jack Sock right now?
Is Alfonso Lopez a more worthy Hall of Famer then McGwire, Bonds, A-Rod & Sosa?
How tall volleyball net for man?
A big and empty ground near chennai?
Is Michael Vick overrated?
Are there any apps or websites where I can watch Spanish Football on mobile ?
Swimming with selfharm scars?
How likely are you to break a shinbone when taking a slap shot to the shin in hockey?
Nene or Kenneth Fareed............who's better?
Can you give me some basketball drills/workouts for a Center to do?
Was England ever a dominant force in cricket?
is it safe to say aaa roh other mexican and japanese wrestlings way better then tna?
Are the Anaheim Ducks and St. Louis Blues serious Stanley Cup Contenders or Pretenders? Why?
Did the Cubs throw game 4 of the 1929 World Series?
will cena have to turn heel like hulk did?
since the reserection of master ps rap career should we bring back the no limit soldiers in wwe?
Who do you think will win the world cup 2014 in brazil?
Do you think Lebron James should try out for hockey?
Is Roger playing in his underwear?
I don't know what bicycle to buy, any advice?
I'm looking for a really inexpensive handgun.?
I'm looking for a really inexpensive handgun.?
What was the point of ryback coming out and walking around the ring 4 times?
when will the 2014 nfl schedule be released?
Why do you have to be 18 or older to practice Historical European Martial Arts (HEMA)?
Who do you think will be the Top 5 players drafted in fantasy football in 2014?
Who will be some former stars in the Royal Rumble this year?
How should the Sabres pursue the Ryan Miller situation?
Which Premier League team would be a good fit for me?
Who thinks that Johnny Manziel is going to be the next Tim Tebow when he goes to the NFL?
Why Is LeBron Jealous Of Kevin Durant?
Am I good enough to play college tennis?
Is a bolt action rifle queiter than break open action?
I am a young woman wanting to learn self defense.?
Do you think Lebron James should try out for hockey?
What size hiking boots?
Is Ricky Rubio a bad palyer?
How sad is A-Rod right now?
I need help with sizing info !?
Should running tights have wrinkles? How do I know if I'm buying the right size?
Basketball is better than hockey?
Thoughts on Edmonton Oilers trades today?
Did Inside the NFL censor Joe Montana's last word in a comment he made to Cris Collinsworth?
I jump started my motorcycle incorrectly and now it all the lights went out?
What is the name of this chant?
What is wrong with \running up the score\ in an NHL game?
Caroline Wozniacki or Maria Sharapova: Who is the hottest girl in the Aussie Open?
How good is the futures baseball league?
Who is gonna win World Cup?
Can someone find me a swim suit similar to the but cheaper and full back coverage?
What should I choose? Soccer or karate?
What's the order of karate belts?
What happens at WWE Live Events?
Are Defensive Linemen allowed to throw an o linemen to the ground.?
How Can I Sell My Golf Clubs to Tiger Woods?
were will lebron go, whered you like him to go, what teams getting a ship if they get him?
How good do I have to be to play in the FCBL?
Where can I find A Ricardo Quaresma Porto Kit in India ?
I'm a male, and need to learn to do splits.?
What did I do to her?
Does anyone know where to buy a black one piece swimsuit with the back fully covered?
1st year tourament fishing as a non boater in a club?
Are Chelsea the most boring top 4 team to watch?
NFL- Do you think The Lions hiring Jim Caldwell is a good move?
How many loyal Laker fans are still out there?
AR15 Low Cost But Good Scope?
What will the Heat's record be at the end of the season?
Why did Kris Letang not get selected for the Canadian Olympic Team?
Baseball- Clayton Kershaw got a 7 year deal worth $200 million +, Thoughts?
2006 Chargers vs 2009 Saints who will win?
Is the Golden State Warriors even better now?
Some youth MMA questions?
what is the name of these jordans?
did any of you mfs users play American football ?
How linked are tattoo and cricket?
Why do I have to go barefoot in Kung - Fu?
Will the melo m 10 come out in grade school sizes?
Will the melo m 10 come out in grade school sizes?
Why Stone Cold Steve Austin Vs The Undertaker Before At Wrestlemania Didn't Happen?
Wwe hall of farmers 2014?
What size surfboard do you need to snap?
How much do pro trap shooters make?
Who was number 9 on the 2011 Michigan state women's volleyball team?
wearing a seahawks jersey?
Chivas 1 leones n3gros 1 thoughts?
has anyone noticed tigres signed a new player?
could you imagine if los inquietos del norte played soccer?
will boxing lessons help me in a real fight?
How would adnan januzaj do in the bundisliga?
Can i play basketball 10 points?
I want to be a defensive lineman but am I the right size?
Here's a good news write up on judo on the job?
I'm a Baltimore Ravens fan. What have you got to say to me?
Michigan football fans: do you own any jerseys?
How do the pats secondary match with Denver receivers?
New Holland Horse Auction?
Opinions on Basketball Jersey Size.?
Is the 99 Yamaha r1 a good track bike?
1985 Chicago bears remembered reunion video??
How to race on a snowboard?
Where to get LeBron 11 Graffitis?
I'm embarrassed to go swimming at school.?
How can I meet professional soccer/football players?
Are the Seahawks under the most pressure to win and win now?
How do you increase kicking power?
Is this expensive for a gym membership?
What is this job called?
What is good dual sport bike for me?
Is being a Jew in pro wrestling a good thing?
if S=n/2[2a +(n-1)d],make d as the subject of the formula?
Is walking 2 miles everyday good exercise?
Who Do you want to see holding the united states and intercontinental championship(unified)?
Considering how good the match was on NXT?
What ATG's had stamina issues?
who are you betting sunday?
What kind of running back do you think Marcus Lattimore can be?
is santos the st Louis cardinals of the liga mx?
how to become a skating instructor?
Really hard time recovering after I run an 800?
What are the current laws in NC for buying a shotgun?
who do you feel was the 2nd best Starter for the Braves in the 1990's? Tom Glavine or John Smoltz?
I don't have a talent to do?
Where is the cheapest place in Oklahoma to buy ski clothes?
Will we never see the Mega Fight now?
How to get a faster mile time?
Where do i go to Learn about sharpening swords?
Should I play Football?
What sport do you play?
could you imagine if classy dude was a gay male stripper ?
Why are female tennis players so freakishly tall?
who has a better chance of making the Hall of Fame?, Barry Bonds or Roger Clemens? & why?
Why do my basketball coach get mad at me so much ?
should i get a 125 2 stroke or a 250 4 stroke?
Can i Play Volleyball Next year?
What are really good lures for catching panfish like white perch?
How to not turn the ball over in basketball against a full court trap and a full court press ?
Help give me some good trades for Detroit pistons so they can free the logjam there?
Professional Wrestling: Who deserves the WWE World Heavyweight Championship out of this list.?
Who's the weak member of the Shield/Wyatt family?
Should I quit playing soccer?
List 3 of the most innovative captains over the last 25 years?
Professional Wrestling: Who remembers The Shaman Of Sexy/The Guru Of Greatness John Morrison?
Should I quit cheerleading?
Isn't it too bad Ray Allen couldn't hit a last second 17-pointer to save Lebron tonight?
Pelicans found another way to lose a game they should have won, should they just tank for next year?
Should I play football?
How can i make it on the volleyball team?
What would you do if a 3MB member won the rumble?
Basketball help advice?
Why is it easier to win games in tennis when you are serving?
Why are the Dallas Cowboys the greatest football team of all time?
Is it safe to assume that the immediate future of the NBA will be between Lebron and Durant?
How to own/work with Horses in the future?
Any good Hockey Pump Up Songs?
Do you think Jim Cadwell is a good coach?
Professional Wrestling: Do you think there is anything that can save Randy Orton Vs John Cena Part X (?)?
How can we say that a wrestling match is good or even great? In what manner?
What is the difference between a .223 and a 30-06?
I want to buy a road bike. For those with bike knowledge, which is better?
i want to be stronger then my step brother but hes bigger n stronger then me?
Boxing: Are Pacquiao fans jealous of Floyd Mayweather?
Is anyone excited that Batista is coming back?
Is this the match that WWE fans are waiting for?
Why is it that floydiots are back at bashing Pac again?
what is a elite singlet?
Are there any football camps that condition athletes?
Hand Eye coordination (shooting help)?
the difference between nike athlete shoes?
I am doing p90x and run and do my own exercise and p90x everyday and seems like im getting no where need help!?
Are there two many crusty old men on here blabbing about what happened in 2006,2007,2008,...?
Did you know?????????
Russell Wilson vs. Colin Kaepernick?
Question about WWE Divas entrance theme songs?
Peyton Manning V Tom Brady?
Drinking the champagne in F1?
Washers on my bushings for street skating?
why is basketball stat tracker not working?
Decreasing run time...?
what is the purpose of having stock butts on guns?
Tom Brady vs Peyton Manning?
Target shooting at Mount Carmel State Forest Vermont?
I noticed something about messi?
What do you think of these players?
NBA: Do you buy the excuses that the Heat are tired after a 2 peat?
What were NBA teams thinking passing on Trey Burke in the draft ?
How to be more consistent and less nervous in tennis?
Did ronaldo score today?
Who would win in a street fight: Carlos Fierro or Raul Jimenez?
Am I hitting a growth spurt at 17?
I need help identifying or placing this knife?
Could I go hiking in these shoes?
Prediction: What team will get Mashairo Tanaka?
who will be spain's striker?
What the #1 reason young talented do not win(at least to the point of being a .500 team) in the NBA?
what football number shoul i wear?
How many really vocal crowds have there been from the PG Era?
I cant find any real martial arts places near me.?
Can you sign any soccer club in Europe?
I feel like quiting ? advise?
Which team is the biggest obstacle to the Los Angeles Dodgers' World Series hopes? Is it the Giants?
I'm a bigger person and not very muscular. What position should I play?
Who will win Washington or Pittsburgh?
sisters, could you ever beat up your older brother? or brothers visa versa?
How to get a bigger butt and have it toned?
Can I put a red dot sight made for an airsoft gun on a real gun?
What's barrels best for a gas piston system?
i have 12 1996 Olympics how much for them?
Am i a true fan of my football team?
How long should it be until I see results?
What barrel is best for gas piston ar15?
What are your Top 3 Selections for the Staub Stakes Sat. @ Santa Anita?
Rocky Marciano vs Evander Holyfield? Prime vs Prime.?
Should I build my own bmx bike or should I buy one or which is cheaper?
Am i a true fan of my football team?
Air soft M16 Question. Please Answer?
Are there any contests for Super Bowl tickets?
Professional Wrestling: What happened to this Ryback?
How are wrestling crowds in Pittsburgh?
Who Do You Think Will Be The Final Two In The Royal Rumble .. !?
Is it possible that Lebron James is on the decline?
What to do about knee pain?
seedorf new milan manager. what a lad?
WRESTLING SURVEY : If you were to remake a theme for the wyatts, what would it be?
Where is a public rifle range near Mansfield, Ohio?
Why is the paint in the trailblazers court on the outside?
good point guard drills?
Do I have to play all 4 years of basketball to get to college level?
How to get a consistent shot and be clutch?
Professional Wrestling: What could Ryback do to make you a fan of his?
Does This Just Prove That Ryback Is Best For Business .. !?
What is the ice skating equivalent to a 3km run?
Snowboard gloves question?
Career needed!! How can I race anything with a motor?
Question about Snipers shooting such as Dragonov?
If Marc Trestman only picked the best coaches to assist him why did he fire 2 after only 1 year?
Scottish football. Predictor.Will Hearts lose again?
What do you think was El Torito's reaction when Ryback came out and walked around the ring?
nba league pass help?
How focused are you in pool game?
How do overcome my fear of sparring?
How to improve jumping height?
Do other people get the message saying \Congratulations you've been invited to...\ in NBA 2k14?
Top 10 players in the NFL?
How do i get my horse in shape again?
Hypothetically, Lets Say That Ryback Turned Into A Face .. !?
NBA autobiography??????,,,?
Out of these 4 wrestlemanias which one is the best WM 20, WM 23, WM 26?
How did El Torito change his fur color?
How many NFL players have flu shots?
WRESTLING : Who theme music do you find very annoying currently in the wwe?
How much flex should i use?
Camping and drinking party!?
Wrestling section: Can someone tell me what the point is of having Ryback circle the ring at every match?
How do i get my horse back in shape?
What do you think was BNB's reaction when Ryback came out and walked around the ring?
Where cAn I find a Mexico flag speedo?
How close am i to dunking?
Would the legendary Colt Python be named the same if...?
How Awesome Would It Be If Ryback Won The Royal Rumble .. !?
lebron 8 south beach where do you get it??
Would you take steroids if you were in the MLB?
Honestly Copa MX is a joke?
will I make the softball team?
can i camp free in rio during the world cup?
I'm 14 5'5 and can touch the bottom of the backboard is that good or bad vertical?
What City in Massachusetts is the WWE show Main Event comming from tonight?
Who is Star Sports' Score Tonight's female host for 2014?
Professional Wrestling: How is World Wrestling Entertainment Misusing Ryback?
What do you think was Sandow's reaction when Ryback just walked around the ring and left?
What should i bring to my hockey tournament in Wisconsin Dells?
True or False: Payton Manning should be fined $10,000 US Dollars for every \Omaha!\?
WRESTLING : Del rio stated that REY is BATISTAS little friend.....is that true?
Is Anyone Else Just Loving Ryback In WWE Right Now .. !?
Tampax Pearl Active vs Playtex Sport?
Which of the remaining NFL playoff teams has the worst defense?
What do you think was Kingston's reaction when Ryback just walked around the ring and left?
how much is a hunting license in mi?
What are your Top 3 Selections for The Colonel E.R. Bradley Handicap Sat. @ Fair Grounds?
Does anyone know where to buy a Red Wings jersey (not silk-screen crap) for under $50?
Do You Believe That I Am A Real Fan Of Ryback .. !?
Do you have to know a lot to play Punt Return or Kick Return?
track running/training help!?
When do the hockey Olympics start?
Wrestling section: Why did Ryback just circle the ring and then go back to the back?
Will I make the school basketball team?
Seahawks will win the superbowl?
How to run the mile faster without stopping?
How are the Heat getting stomped by the Wizards?
Professional Wrestling: Whose Worse Necro Butcher (JCW) or \Sick\ Nick Mando (CZW)?
Why do black people have trouble swimming?
can lebron 10 air sole still be fixed?
Should WWE unify the IC title and the US title?
Who will WIN (Top 3) the LeComte Stakes Sat. @ at Fair Grounds?
Help? Basketball Slump?
The IBRO ranks Bernard Hopkins #13th greatest middleweight. How about you?
what is the best martial arts for self defence?
WRESTLING : Which member of the WYATT'S do you think has a brighter future in the wwe?
How much time can I take of my 100m?
In organized baseball who is the lifetime home run king?
how long is recovery?
How should I dress for cross country skiing?
NBA playoff shots that altered history?
Favorite Super Bowl Memories?
Thoughts on hoopsworld (basketball site) getting shut down?
Why Is A Main Eventer Like Ryback Teaming With A Jobber Like Curtis Axel .. !?
Muhammad Ali vs Gerrie Coetzee in 1979. Who wins?
Does your brother still train or wish to train any jockeys?
NBA live streaming in good quality?
NBA: LeBron said \watch the numbers I put up on the Wizards.\What am i watching here?
Wrestling section: Do you think Kofi Kingston is a jobber?
Why does Jim Cornette hate comedy acts so much?
NFC Championship: Which Russell & Colin shows up Sunday?
Professional Wrestling: Casual Professional Wrestling fans are the worst Agree or Disagree?
What do the OKC Thunder need for a NBA Championship.?
Maintaining running endurance?
I'm having knee pain while running what should I do?
oh my Oden is in the game?
Are you excited that Batista is coming back?
Is 6\3 tall for a 14 year old ?
WWE- Best Moment in CM Punk's WWE Career?
Say you put Tom Brady on a bad team, would he instantly turn that team into a contender?
Where is the breakout game Lebron promised vs wizards?
How to run a faster 40?
What is the best MMA organization to be in UFC or Bellator?
wrestling section are you sad that mae young passed away?
how long till i can go snowboarding after a concussion?
Is Wing Chun Fraud? Sifu Freddie Lee of Freddie's Modern Kung Fu says he Teaches The Real Wing Chun?
If BRAZIL and GERMANY meet at the semi final in the 2014 World Cup, who win come out victorious?
How to wash Cutters receiving gloves?
When The Undertaker is eventually inducted into the HOF would you prefer him to...?
Why did foley get the nickname of \foley is god\?
do you think in order to be champ you should need legit fighting skills?
What happened to Miami Heat in the first quarter?
What countries are participating in the 2014 Olympic bobsleigh competitions?
Is Stephanie Mcmahon starting to look manly?
What contributes to the Falcons poor season in 2013 when 2012 was such a good season?
What do you think of this Pau Gasol trade to the Suns?
When is stone cold Gona return?
Will the Atlanta Falcons keep most the players on the 2014-15 Season Roster?
would you be interested in a more real, rough pro wrestling show?
How do you make free throws in NBA2k14 in my career mode?
which is more popular summer olympics or winter olympics?
WRESTLING : What did you LIKE or DIS-LIKE about UMAGA a few years back?
I'm going to start running how long should I do it for?
How Happy Are You Going To Be When CM Punk Gets Eliminated From The Royal Rumble .. !?
help me with the fantasy basketball trade?
What is the solution to the \CM\ issue of our selección?
Prediction between Chvias vs Leones?
Limits to a joke ( knock out )?
Am I a good hockey teammate?
Professional Wrestling: Do people actually believe Titus O' Neil and Darren Young are Decent?
Would I be able to be a cheerleader?
Does the heavybag measure your punching power?
Why don't NBA refs call travels?
how much is worth the FIFA Ballon D’Or?
what are some good basketball warm up songs?
Is football initiation bad?
do think you think Everton will get in PL top 4?
What is the best defense for protection when hiking and campingin the wilderness?
What are some cool basketball play name?
Why is unemployment so high in the U.S?
Is Steven Seagal a Real Martial Artist? Sifu Freddie Lee says he’s not?
should samoa joe be in the wwe, is it time for the bulgarian brutes to be called up from nxt?
Softball tryouts. Do you think I'll make it and is it worth it.?
Liverpool fans, have you ever been on our club shop?
Why did this Philadelphia Eagles fan call Russell Wilson douchebag Wilson?
Do you read the Smackdown/Main Event spoilers?
Good medical excuse to get out of swim?
who is going to the superbowl?
WRESTLING : OOPS, I meant DARREN YOUNG, do you think he ruined his carreer (BY)?
Lobos wants to return to el tri?
Is it true that Harold Ballard shut off electricity at Maple Leaf Gardens after a Russian stepped on the ice?
what is the best 250 dirt bike for jumping and racing.?
first time snowboarding help!!?
What Do You Think Of This WWE Joke .. !?
Am i mis- seeing Jamies Winston ( football play), is he overrated?
Anthony Bennett best 1st overall pic?
Lonesome Rhodes, what did kaepernick do to you?
Long story...should I try out for my high school's baseball team?
Would taking an mma class and sparing cause significant brain damge?
has anyobdy else noticed this?
I want to play professional basketball, i want to start in D-League or over seas?
Who will raise Mae Youngs hand child?
What kind of shoes do I need for girls rugby?
Reverse Dive/Somersault tips (1m high school diving)?
Why do so many people HATE Lebron James?
Will a Medium Reebok Premier NHL Jersey fit me?
Can i transfer from D-3 college to a D-1 college and still be able to play football ?
Good Weight For A 9th Grade Runningback?
Is joseph park now abyss in tna or are they still saying there brothers?
When will .22 ammo be more available in michigan?
Have we (Man u) got the BEST home record this season?
Trying to lose weight, need Tips?
How to braven up? I'm so scared.?
WHEN was the last time we (man U) won a Manchester Derby?
who is playing in superbowl 48?
Why don't they show attack time between periods anymore on hockey broadcasts?
Why do we (Manchester City) have so much trouble beating Cardiff City..?
Prior to this season, Have we (Manchester City) ever reached the knockout round of the Champions League..?
Do we (man United) have more European cups than LFC?
Please can someone tell me WHAT was the last Manchester derby SCORE?
So what Copa MX games are you looking forward to watching?
sup what team have the most glory hunters - straight up punks fo sho that ***t be straight up weak?
Please can someone tell me when we (man Utd) last won the FA cup?
How much does weight matter in a fight in your opinion I'm 155 and about 6ft1?
Ringless LeBrick James is jealous of Kevin Durant. Says he doesn't get enough shots. Thoughts?
how to unstink knee pads?
Please can someone tell me what the Manchester City score was on the final day of the 2007-8 Premier League..?
Please can someone tell me what position Manchester City finished in the 2000-01 Premier League season..?
How to become a good discus thrower?
WHERE CAN I FREE WATCH UFC Fight Night 35 Rockhold vs. Philippou live?
Please can someone tell me what position we (man Utd) finished in Fergies first season?
Need help going up a ramp?
can you help me find this basketball shoe commercial?
Please can someone tell me what position we (man Utd) finished in the 1973-74 season?
Are loose head props better in open play than tight head props?
ski or snowboard? PLEASE HELP ME READ IT ALL?
Need fighting tips, help?!?
How can I get into pro football? PLEASE I NEED HELP?
Please can someone tell me how many point Manchester City got in the 1978/79 season..?
Need Fighting tips Help!!?
Not sure what size NHL jersey to get???
In NFL overtime, what if the 2nd team runs out of time to score on their first possesion?
Who has more money magic Johnson or Michael Jordan?
where do minnesota vikings fans congregate to watch football games in los angeles?
Wise Dan VS Leroidesanimaux: Who's the better race horse at 1 mile on turf?
where do university of arizona alumni congregate to watch basketball and football games in los angeles?
Iaido and Kendo, will it mess with my Aikido?
Should Shawn Michaels come out of retirement?
Who have Manchester United got in the next round of the FA cup?
Who will win the 2014 super bowl?
Can a girl learn to surf?
Fabulous Strike VS Afrashad: Whos the better race horse at 5 1/2 furlongs?
What is your favorite team in pes 2013?
What do you think is going to be Aaliyah's reaction when Kane chokeslam CM Punk?
WS Why do WWE wrestlers get injured more often in the PG Era?
Affirmed VS Holy Bull: Who was the better race horse at 1 1/8 on dirt?
Alydar VS Zenyatta: Who was the better race horse at 1 1/4 mile on dirt?
Kittens Joy VS Point Of Entry: Who was the better turf horse at 1 1/8 mile?
WHAT was the MAN City score?
When will Kane wrestle again?
can you answer these question about badminton rules?
could you imagine if team rocket played soccer?
Is League of Legends down?
Do you think Chris Davis had a historic season in 2013 because he used the \magic waters\?
Does century link field have natural grass?
were to go to be a pro soccer player?
Manchester United vs Manchester City - 1st March ?
How to increase skills for Basketball?
How do people get their big win football players so good?
How do people get their big win football players so good?
How much tumbling could I learn in 3 months?
What is a good alternative exercise to running?
Professional Wrestling: Footage of Aksana best Match?
Why both Yao & T-Mac couldn't make to the NBA Finals together?
How can my vc currencies join in nba 2k14?
Why did my nhl 14 hut player disapear after i bought him?
Any of you EPL Regs smoke cigs lol ?
How many football clubs do you support in total?
What size NHL jersey should I wear?
who is the next messi?
Which team has the best midfield in the world?
What's the most memorable moment of your favorite baseball player?
What do I need to make my spyder victor doubled tap?
What comes to mind when you think of Liverpool F.C (non LFC fans) ?
When will Christian finally get ONE MORE MATCH?
Are the LA Dodgers becoming the Yankees of the NL?
Pro Shop wouldn't sell me a pair of ice skates?
Cool stuff to get autographed?
what do the following BIG teams have in common?
what about those tv viewing figures?
Wrestling tips for smaller 8th graders?
Are 44 Pro gloves good quality?
what would it take for you to cheer john cena and like him once again?
Serious help needed on choosing new bike!!?
How much easier does testosterone make lifting weights? i can barely bench 80lbs and curl 20lbs!?
Why do you guys think of my all time English XI?
True or False: LeGarrette Montez Blount is a beast?
Why do you guys think of my all time English XI?
does john cena really use sick kids or people with cancer to get \over\?
Competative swimmer needs tips?
City's finishing at home has been clinical 99 goals in all comps ?
SO the manchester clubs signing policy?
How many miles should I run a week for a 2-mile track event?
Is the stinger p311 a good airsoft pistol?
is ronaldinho a good role model for children after drug use?
is ronaldinho a good role model for children after drug use?
well done Blackburn Rovers - keep your head up ?
are hearts trying to sign skacel again?
If Pittsburgh fans are still up in arms about spygate in the 2001 and 2004 AFC title games....?
As an outfielder, should I get a Nokona Walnut Series or a Wilson A2000?
yet ANOTHER TEAM Demolished at the etihad?
Do you think there should be a time limit on prosecuting crimes?
About swords and how to keep care of them?
should lee wallace leave rangers to better himself?
Would you fight a gorilla if you had steel gloves on?
do you agree DZEKO being the man of the match cityvblackburn this evening?
Are the Dodgers ruining baseball?
How can I switch over from a lineman to a running back?
should i buy a road bike with downtube shifters or handle bar mounted shifters?
Cheerleading Flyer uncomfortable. Please Help!?
Wrestler Ultimate Warrior?
Are airsoft guns allowed to be shot in North Olmsted, OH?
I haven't been in boxing for about 5 months would it be ok for me to come back whenever I want?
Soccer training ideas??
Will the Cardinals, Giants, and Dodgers be NL contenders in 2014? Will they have another NLCS 12/13 rematch?
Who is my first love?
Did you know India beat Pakistan in javelin 80.72 m / Pakistan 78.25 m but yet Pakistan have fast bolwers?
Should Serena Williams be allowed to compete against humans?
is Ice Hockey growing in England?
15 years old, want to play college football?
The Miami Heat Trade?
When in out on the water how deep for bass fishing?
What kind of boxing gloves should i buy?
Is Bill Cowher dismissing the affect spygate good enough for fans who are obsessed about it ?
Should Big Show be scared that Zeb Colter might sue him?
Can anyone tell me about the football stylings of Carlos Gutierrez Armas of Club America?
Is Pittsburgh over spygate yet ?
could you imagine if chenko peres played soccer?
Basketball Questions!!?
Who should I drop to activate Shawn Marion?
Is it sad for me to have WWE action figures (I am 19)?
How strong will the spectator's opinion be (Messi is the best player ever) If he wins the WC?
Southampton FC chairman left.....what does that mean for the club?
running the ball to make 2nd & short or 3rd & short ?
Boxing: Happy Birthday B Hop!?
Is it lame to go to a basketball game alone?
What is a duty of a kit manager in a football club?
Should I attempt to play Rugby again?
how the most teams in the league create \2nd & short\ situation ? by pass or run ? and why ?
does my instructor see potential in me?
True or False: Tim Tebow has same number of playoff wins with the Broncos as Payton Manning?
Why do you guys think of my all time xi?
running plays make shorter 2nd down or shorter 3rd down ?
For anyone that does Muay Thai out there, have you ever had a grading and had a colour system?
i want to beat up someone?
UFC Fight Night predictions?
a question about the superbowl 2014?
Should I drop Jordan Crawford from my fantasy league now that he has been traded to the Warriors?
is this a correct billing of the team at ibrox?
Which would hurt more for these players?
Has a dude ever been the Womens Champion in WWE?
Is parking the bus similar to excessive 'holding' in boxing ?
Dwight Howard, or Dennis Rodman?
which celebrity in your interest should host raw?
Remember when Mae Young got powerbombed through two tables off the stage?
Has Russell Wilson opened the door for scrambling quarterbacks even wider?
Who has the bigger future?
AJ Lee is the Daniel Bryan of the WWE Divas Division?
San Francisco 49ers vs. Seattle Seahawks? Who wins? Why?
What to do when knees come together while ice skating?
LOL did you see that Ronaldo free kick go in?
Should I accept this trade on 2k13?
Long term basketball keeper league question. Who would you rather have the next 5 year?
Are calluses good in martial arts?
Do i have to apply for naia eligibility if i am ncaa eligible?
Any tips for a hut tour in the Alps?
Is Ice Hockey popular everywhere in Canada?
So if I put real gun parts in my Blank firing pistol can I safely fire black powder proof loads in it?
how many world championships in all has ric flair won and who will surpass his record?
punching solid concrete?
Shotgun range with improved cylinder choke?
Why do the high end golf clubs don't have drivers no more?
What is the rough value of a football that has transferred signatures on it?
By the end of he's Career will CR7 be Top 5 Greatest players of all time ?? Is it too early to tell?
how many points are manchester united off the relegation spot?
What comes to mind when you think of FC Barcelona?
What are some subtle things to look for in a good martial arts school?
How can I improve speed to be a good running back?
Who is watching Olympique Lyonnais vs Olympique Marseille?
How can I improve speed to be a good running back?
Toty prices prediction? FIFA 14?
Group of 16 & 17 year olds going camping?
Someone knows an outdoor place to go shooting near Orlando fl?
Top 10 football players of all time (Under these credentials) ?
Is Mayweather now vindicated since Roach admits Manny was taking a \suspicious drink?\?
Do any of the big box stores carry a decent bicycle?
Running Schedule to become a runner?
What do you think was Big Show's reaction when he put Zeb Colter on a wheelchair?
do you think bowyer sounds like nigel mansel?
Luis Suarez has 22 goals in 91 shots this season, Danny Welbeck has 8 goals in 29 shots..?
Can a homeschooler go straight to college football without highschool football experience?
NFC Championship: who leaves and stays in event of loss?
Who do you think is hotter Aksana or AJ Lee ?
A question concerning the WWE Network?
who in WWE History has held the most World Championships Only?
Cycling/bike experts help with parts!?
is Mike D'antoni a Bad coach?
how much does .40 s&w cost per shot?
I sweat to when it literally steams, what could this be?
What would Anthony Bosch get by turning Alex Rodriguez in?
Is Junior year too late to start playing high school football?
Eddie Chambers joins with Team Fury?
how do you think sean white will do at auburn?
your prediction? manchester city v blackburn rovers; will woy be there?
Do you think Ape-Rod will shatter Barry Bonds all time homerun record of 762 when he returns in 2015-17?
messi vs ronaldo which is best?
Are there athletes (tennis players for example) who are born with the ability to perform well under pressure?
Disregarding his character, would Alexander Rodriguez deserve a Hall of Fame spot?
Are there any hockey teams in the nj area that people 18 and older can play on?
Has any country completely banned firearms?
Top 10/5/25 college football rivalries of all time?
did auburn lose the game or did florida state take it?
key strokes cause cursor to jump around?
How surprised are you about the Lightnings play?
Differences in Pro and College Football?
need help finding the name of a spanish song?
Best places to learn/take up with boxing in Hammersmith & Fulham?
Is defense in your eyes treated as equally important for every team?
First time skiing - help?!?
MLB announced R.B.I. Baseball 14 for current and next gen consoles as well as mobile devices. Thoughts?
Is Neuer overrated.....?
LeBron said \watch the numbers I put up on the Wizards.\ Are you kidding me?
Do you think Alcohol drinking and Beer will be allowed in Qatar FIFA Finals?
If one plays every point with the same intensity, will they be more oblivious to pressure?
Has anyone joined Manchester United yet?
How to approach girls at race tracks?
DO You think football players know each other...?
im 13 nearly 14 and want to take up a martial art i am 5 foot 3 and 52 kg any suggestions forwhichone to take?
Baseball Cards: How To Get Your Card(s) Graded?
Will the overly pathetic BBWAA voters refuse to vote for David Ortiz once he's eligible?
who are these real madrid players?_?
who are these real madrid players?
Vikings fans Bengals DC Mike Zimmer to be named new Vikings HC?
Wonder Premier (Week 22). What are your predictions for this weeks fixtures?
Why is it that Manchester United never start any English players..?
What are the main roles of the different positions in NBA?
who was the most famous between FABULOUS MOOLAH or MAE YOUNG?
Which of these are your favorite WWE Pay-Per-View matches of 2013?
Why did Tottenham sell Van Der Vaart?
Have there been any prominent players since free agency who never reached free agency despite long careers?
mold on hockey equipment?
Is it believable no other Yankees were on this PED regimen other than A-Rod?
Why david moyez hate Zaha?
skiing fancy dress ideas?
What do you make of Lim saying if he buys Valencia he will get Falcao?
Why do Mourinho hates Mata?
Did you get a cricket set for a present when you were kid was it one of those cheap little sets with 3 stumps?
What do you think of the steel cage match between Daniel Bryan and Bray Wyatt vs The Usos?
Reg or Wide snowboard?
I have no cable at home. Where can I watch UFC fight night tonight??? Help please, I love to watch?
High school football?
I think that I'm gonna jump off a cliff?
Is there a website that puts NFL teams from previous years against each other and predict who wins?
why does everyone say that pele is overrated?
Schutt XV Flex vs. Riddell EVX 57?
2014 Diamondback Grind good bmx for beginner ?
Freddy Roach is \suspicious\, but it's Mayweather that gets sued? Why?
How well do people rate the BSA Superten air rifle?
Is Roberto Di Matteo the best interim manager of all time?
Should me and this bird i know have a street fight?
Muhammad ali fight where he tells the ref to stop the fight?
What do you guys think of my all-time world XI?
I have a Three Question?
What is a good bike to get for a woman who is 120 pounds motorcycle?
I need NBA fantasy trade help!! AI and hibbert for Anthony Davis?
is it best I just go local or support a different team?
I know I am late with this question but...?
Three Gaelic sports championships differences.?
Adnan Januzaj vs Serge Gnabry vs Raheem Sterling?
What is the schedule of Pakistan vs Srilanka 3rd Test Match?
Phillipe Coutinho vs Oscar?
Which point guards are better than rondo?
When you think about it, Moyes doesn't know how to get into the top 4?
When was the last time man utd beat Spurs?
Should the wallabies have their own haka?
how to ski on an icy race course?
.380 acp with black powder loads?
Can I get good at running in 4 months?
Will i have to pay $60 when i first order wwe netwrok?
Should City fans call themselves Sheikh's Army?
Should City fans call themselves Sheikh's Army?
Who has the stronger record & why?
What NHL players, in your opinion, retired with the \wrong team\?
What size of nike cloths does Lionel Messi wear?
Is doing a backflip hard for a beginner?
What NFL players, in your opinion, retired with the \wrong team\?
ARE CELTIC A BIGGER ATTRACTION THAN NEWCO?
Are Spurs big enough to care about yet.......?
Fastball speeds, do you think I am correct, or even close?
Is scuba diving in the \Passaic River of New Jersey\ dangerous Since it's so polluted?
Who wants Evan Bourne to return soon??
If Scotland votes for independence will Rangers fans still fly?
Could you recommend me a good board for snowpark terrain ?
AFC Championship: will it come down to a final-drive interception?
is it legal to own a heckler kosh semi auto in canada?
LEGENDS: LAMPARD, COLE, TERRY Stay 1 year deals for chelsea?
Arsenal, Man United, Chelsea, Liverpool, Man City?
Do you think theres a chance Michael Vick gets signed to the Bengals this year?
How to get my back flexibility?
is this airsoft rifle good?
So in reality Pele doesn't even make it in the top 10 best footballers of all time?
if Tommy John had 12 more wins, would he be in the Hall of Fame?
Did you like Candice Michelle?
I have a swimming lesson tonight and am dreading it?
Do you think this will lead to Lesnar vs Batista at WM30?
will Januzaj be better than?
To all IWC John Cena know were you are.?
best sauna suit to use?
What is Sheamus up to these days?
Barcelona would play exactly as good if they replaced Xavi with Mikel?
Do you think the Broncos can beat the Patriots?
Ross Barkley or Januzaj?
How hard will you mark out if?
who is your fav soccer team ?
Is Xavi even as good as Steven Gerrard?
a book of real mardrid?
Someone PLEASE tell me whether the Olympics are bigger or FIFA.?
Who is good to the Superbowl this year?
Inspired by Jinx, Dinith & champ - cricket puzzle?
On a scale of 1-10 how hard would you mark?
Isn't it funny how Moyes, manager of the champions who only signed one player needs a transitional period?
Why do people get tempted to drag Tendulkar in every post?
Wrestling: Which wrestling promotion do you think is been more popular and better, TNA or WCW?
WRESTLING : Who are your top 5 wrestlers you wish never left or was released from wwe?
Help! I need help with an airsoft AEG.?
Celtic Sign A.N Other Dud?
Wrestling: Who do you think is a better wrestler, Austin Aries or Petey Williams?
Can we made a fixture of 27 teams when 4 teams are seeded if yes draw fixture?
airsoft UTG L96 sniper?
How to do a front flip?
Southampton could be signing Éderson Alves, Adrián Ramos or Martin Kamburov?
Since Daniel Bryan suffered a Concussion Monday Night, which Wrestlers do you see as favorites in The 2014 RR?
most annoying team left in playoffs and why?
Is there any harm in pointing a gun at someone trying to steal your car?
Do martial arts teachers teach their students to not bully?
My son is 14,5'11\ ,180 Lbs. Basketball Player How Many Calories per Day should he eat.?
WRESTLING : TRUE or FALSE , MAE YOUNG was more attractive in her prime more than AJ LEE?
Inspired by Jinx and Dinith...Cricket Puzzle...?
I feel like no one has belief in Benzema anymore?
Chances @ Seeing a Bryant-James matchup?
Would a Cardinals-Yankees or Cardinals-Tigers World Series been better ratings than the Giants-Tigers in 2012?
Can I just say something in the name of every Barca fan in this section.....?
What can be done to improve morale in the cricket section?
Regarding the ex-football players suing the NFL:?
Boxing: Top Rank vs Golden Boy #14, Jr Bantamweight?
In Shaqtin' a Fool, what are the titles of the songs in the background?
cameroon GCE computer 2010?
in stanley Miller and harold ureys experiment several blicks of proteins began to accumulate?
How do buyout clauses work in Football (Soccer)?
u23 soccer training for womens in the philippines 2014?
Does Bud Selig deserve to be in the hall of fame?
Which martial arts is the coolest , strong and fancy and definitely strong and protective ?
Why are girls so infatuated with baseball players?
Who should Undertaker face?
Who is the oldest living wrestler today?
WRESTLING: What do you think of AJ Lee being the longest reigning Divas champion of all time +BQs?
My WrestleMania XXX card, pick my winners, what do you think?
What position should i play in football? (Beginner)?
Do you have more than one account on here?
why do people have to convince you that A PLAYER is good, even when you dont?
Will semi final World Cup tickets be available in the next phase?
why hasn't NFL Network fired Mark Kringel yet?
I want the video that Sanath Jayasuriya scored 151* vs India in 1997 Mumbai stadium.. please send me a link fo?
Whats the best karate cd to buy.?
Looking for Nagant M1895?
Forehand follow through Low to high vs across your body?
zlatan ibrahimovich; is he the 3rd best striker in the world?
Who is gonna win, the World Cup of Soccer.?
Will the Los Angeles Lakers bounce back this season and make the playoffs.?
Where i can buy a jersey if the Lakers in Miami?
How would Bayern Munich do in the Primer League?
what position should I play?
When I join a football academy, will I leave school?
Why are players and coached allowed to vote in the Ballon D'or?
Do you thinks its ironic how we have seen the FALL of Man U and the RISE of LFC?
Back of hip pain in runner?
rugby in india tv??????
How do you find Manny as an actor? Was he any good?
I am planning a snowboarding trip, because I've never been there?
I know Big George was a preacher. Did he have many followers? What's the sect like?
How do I learn that Russian Sombo fighting style without actually having a teacher?
How to avoid referee penalising you?
Can Blackburn pull off a big win at the Emptyhad?
i know RJJ tried the MMA. Was he any good at it?
Why do people think the 49ers could beat Patriots and Broncos if they somehow sneak pass Seahawks?
Buy or sell! Jordan would have won 6, or more rings with Drexler instead of pippen?
Who should challenge \The Streak\ this year?
Is it me or has Rooney lost his spark?
Did Ali learn to speak Muslim? Was he any good at it?
Is Al Haymon more influential in boxing today than Bob?
Could Oil money run dry for some clubs?
Who got the most WM main event?
Is Suarez the best at the moment?
Borussia Dortmund is going after Karim Benzema to replace Robert Lewandowski, what do you think?
Tougher to defend Lebron, or Shaq prime?
Who owned Attitude Era? Stoner Cold Steve Austin of The Rock?
which stores can i buy original football boots/cleats ?
Do Liverpool fans think they're in a title race?
what happens when women lift heavy weights, appearance wise?
Why is Shae such a bloody loser?
Will Johnny Manziel be the next Tim Tebow?
Who is this girl - they called her Black Spider but I can't find her anywhere?
What is the name of this weapon?
Should i let go and move on?
from football to basketball?
I'm a freshman at 5 ft 8 and 165 lbs. Should I play linemen or a skill position?
The most underrated nba player this year?
What is the best to participate in Boxing or MMA?
Celtic Sign Johansen?
BPL fans are you worried about foreign ownership & managment of English football clubs?
Do you think the NFL is fixed now a days?
Considering AC Milan won 7 Champions leagues, why are they not considered big?
WE Tech G26 Upgrading?
How do i become a faster runner? I used to run track and i was really fast but I stopped and im not as fast.?
In Your Opinion, Is there still any hope for a longer more successful career for Ryback?
Why is everybody rooting against the 49ers?
Buy or sell! Luel Deng is the best player on the cavs LOL?
Texans Owner Raves About Clowney?
Bunnyhop On BMX Problem?
Do you think Bayern Munich are currently the best team in the world?
Is it weird I play wwe by fighting my left hand with my right?
Can anyone else remember when Ribry was a wonderkid...?
Boxing: Top Rank vs Golden Boy #13, Bantamweight?
is Anyone Excited That Batista is Returning Next Monday on Raw?
Who was worse Harald Ballard of the Leafs or George Steinbrenner of the Yankees?
Nicola Cortese hands in resignation, so Pochettino is gonna leave?
Who will win nba championship this year?
What Is Best Ceramic Curling Iron?
Whom is a better defending midfielder between sergio busquets and phillip lahm?
The list of great Man City signings?
The Streak vs. The Shield?
Do you agree that most of the Australian cricket fans are genuine, friendly and nice?
Agree or not, a rugby penalty shoot out is much more tense than a football one?
Which of these two skate boards would you buy?
how does Undertaker roll his eyes?
Who was More Popular Stone Cold Steve Austin or The Rock?
can rugby union players play rugby seven?
What do you think of this martial art plan?
So Chelsea's answer to having too many Midfielders?
Which team has the best team jersey?
can jumping rope during morning make me grow im turnig 17 two month later im 5'7?
What is the most dangerous ball?
Professional Wrestling: World Wrestling Entertainment Who do you remember more Kizarny or Mordecai?
Tennessee Titans Mock Draft...any ideas?
Australians!!?? any FM for cricket live feed?
Hats off to WWE for finally doing something unpredictable (Kingston beating Orton)?
Who is this guy do you think?
Which has better quality and will last longer Patagonia, north face, or mountain hardware?
Chelsea spend 22 million on a player they sold in a swap deal for the flop David Luiz?
Can you convert a blank firing gun to shoot live ammo?
usain bolt nationality?
How to set my wheel size on my bikemate cycle computer?
word up 4real - what the dealio with glory hunters yo that be so weak yo - these moofos need to man up yo?
field hockey vs rugby vs ice hockey?
Should I try out MMA?
Will I get beat up or yelled at for going to Vancouver to root for the Kings?
What is a plod along horse?
\play-offs for Test status\, I think this is a very good move if they implement. what do you think?
Why Glock use plastic pin for the ejector housing?
what are thees balls name?
my security setting has blocked an untrusted application from running how can I fix it so I can play Backgammo?
Which team do you think has the best future as compared to the present/past?
Pain after workout, why is that?
What NBA player has been on the most teams?
Who would u prefer win the league out of City, Chelsea or Arsenal?
Is Dixie Carter the dumbest woman on the planet not named Sarah Palin?
If Amir Khan had an iron jaw would he be an all time great?
Need help, something wrong with my Pool?
How much experience do you have to have to be a ski instructor?
Why Messi vs Ronaldo hatred?
Who has instagram ;)?
How do I get rid of my fear in swimming?
Do you need tags to shoot invasive species on New Mexico public land?
Is Bill Goldberg Confirmed or not yet For Wrestlemania xXx? There's 2 months away now!?
How would the coach use me in football, how often would I play per game?
When will kane wrestle again?
Why Dennis Rodman is the greatest rebounder in the history of the NBA?
Do you feel bad about the metal wasted when shooting?
The NFL's concussion fund rejected by judge. Is this turn of events bad news for boxing?
what are 35 facts about field hockey?
can an nba player with retired jersey can still make a comeback?
Why are guys better at sports and video games?
How the Seahawks can beat SF easy?
Is there any mlb training for kids?
first time eBike help?
What makes a martial art credible?
What are your favorite Summer sport activities?
Sfs.. will you be calling the new integrity hotline being launched by the sfa?
Severe Shin and Calf Pain?
how can i become High School Varsity middle Linebacker?
Minor in possession of a handgun?
Should I play football even though I am blind?
What cruiser skateboard is the best?
Will Tennessee beats alabama this year...?
Name your favorite college fball team?
Who will win if the 49ers and Patriots meet in Super Bowl 48?
What lower receivers would fit a HK416 upper?
Denver or New England?
OK where is some good spots to fish for catfish in Sacramento or woodland.?
OK where is some good spots to fish for catfish in Sacramento or woodland.?
Where can I find these NBA stats?
Daniel Bryan Joining the Wyatt Family. How do you feel about this seemingly pointless storyline?
Professional Wrestling: Can you give me Footage that makes each one of this list of Divas Good Wrestlers?
formula 1 question about height ?
Can you guess the surprise royal rumble entrants?
formula 1 question about height ?
name some dying sports in the world?
I still haven't got paid yet for yahoo fantasy football is that the same with you?
Did Babe Ruth's Yankees teams get dominated by Jim Foxx's Philadelphia A's teams?
Are you disappointed in Oscar De La Hoya and Golden Boy Promotions?
How much weigh will I lose if I run 3 miles everyday ?
who's the most well rounded pro wrestler today?
Did you like the raw old school?
Great California Wilderness?
Reloading 30-30 rounds using federal 210 primers?
Would it be fun to play football on roller blades?
can a 5th year senior return and play football?
Who was a bigger bust? Leon Sandcastle or Tim Tebow?
Do you think Man City, PSG and Chelsea will burst one day?
Do you think that Leon Sandcastle is overrated or is he a potential Hall of Famer?
prices for nba colletor cards?
RIP to the Grandmother of wrestling?
2013 Mission Ballistic or 2010 Mathews DXT?
What size should I get when ordering Nike Tiempo IV?
can i play american football wearing glasses?
how to touch rim on a basketball court?
is America the NY yankees of liga mx ?
could you imagine if Kim Kardashian was the goalkeeper for the woman USA team?
Is WWE Real Or Fixed?
What qualifications do I need to be a high school swim coach?
Is this a good MMA mix?
where can i find a savage model 99 firing pin?
Professional Wrestling: Do you think WWE will reference Mae Young/Mark Henry's Son The Hand?
NFC Championship: NFL Playoff Power Rankings = 1849ers look to dominate Seahawks?
Best Martial Arts for me?
How to sew a very high quality backpack....?
What kind of snowboard should I buy?
Do high school sports look at the grades from previous semester for spring sports?
i live in oregon, so that means the NFC championship game will be at what time in my time?? plz help!?
Professional Wrestling: What is so impressive about this list of Divas?
How come many people disliked the Prince Naseem Hamed?
Wonderliga week 20 ..?
what to do with new figure skates?
How to hit angle shots in tennis?
Should I do Track and Field?
Can I become a kick boxer ?
Will we see more Superbowl's being played in outdoor stadiums such as Meadowlands in the future?
Fifa 14 - Dnf% Ulimate team?
NBA: The Spurs are 30-8 but they haven't beaten anyone yet are you still impressed?
Boxing: Will Floyd affect the global future of boxing?
How do I join a high school sports team?
Where can I learn to Figure Skate?
Too old to learn self defense?
Is WWE Finally Getting Better 2014!?
Do you think in memory of Mae Young, at best WWE should revamp the divas division?
will lebron come back to cleveland after this season?
Who will win the 2014 Stanley Cup Finals Toronto Maple Leafs or Chicago Blackhawks?
will Anderson silva return to the octagone?
Is the WWE happy that Zeb Colter is in a wheelchair?
What does this soccer phrase mean?
Which of the three is the best shotgun scope?
What's wwe pro wrestling style like?
Should I accept this sponsorship? (Skateboarding)?
Should Manny tell Roach to STFU?
The Rock the greatest WWE superstar ever?
Top ten Ultimate fighter you cant stand and want to punch in the face. Sitting here watching UFC reload and im?
Who is a pro athlete that did not start sports at a young age?
Has the kel-tec ksg become available yet?
Boxing: Top Rank vs Golden Boy #11, Featherweight?
Do you always watch the Super Bowl halftime show?
So what is the deal with Nash???
Joffrey Lupul or Patrick Kane who is better?
Did you like when guys took steroids during the late 90s and early to mid 2000s?
What's good Wrestling school?
Should I accept this sponsorship? (Skateboarding)?
Can I Shoot Special .22 LR caliber shot cartridges \ratshot\ with a Ruger 10/22 ?
Ball Handling????????
Did you know that Paul George, Kevin Durant and Lebron James all started at SG their rookie year?
Why do Lebron fans get mad at people that aren't fans of him?
Do you think Peyton Manning has to win this Sunday to make this a rivalry?
Super Bowl Question!!!!!!!!!!?
What should I bring for me and my dog when doing a 5k?
Why did Mae Young have to die *cries*?
need to get more flexible?
Should I try out for high school hockey next year ? Help greatly appreciated thanks?
How do I become pro wrestler & actor?
Your thoughts on the careers of the Manning brother Vs tom brady.....?
Lost the love for the game?
Can Stores order in more shoe sizes?
Who do you think will win the 2014 World Cup and why?
How Can I become a better Soccer Player?
To honor the memory of Mae Young should a Divas Championship match main event Raw next week?
Michigan Wolverines vs Washington Huskies?
Is this cricket? How is this possible?
How do you feel about New England Patriots FIRST ROAD PLAYOFF game since January 2007 AFC Championship Game?!?
What does 4-4 score mean?
Who is the better Wrestler?
does anyone knows what is the workout routine of the great fedor emelianenko?
which is the best entrance song for my first mma match?
How do I get a horizontal cast on the uneven bars?
which is the best entrance song for my first boxing match?
Which Lakers team is worse, 93-94 Lakers or current Lakers?
Haters of Daniel Bryan: Why do you hate him?
Any good books that will help me be a better track coach?
Why is the NBA having a game at 2pm on a weekday?
If mlb was like wrestling what teams would be in the main main event scene?
Score predictions for the AFC and NFC Championship game?
can I get in the pool if I wear ear plugs?
I want to get into a sport in MMA?
What do you think of the new daniel bryan ?
does anyone know any paintball paint balls factory?
i have very slow sprint times in track?
How can I motivate myself when running a mile so I won't stop?
can isometric wall punches help me increase my punching power if i add it in my boxing training routine?
What can a non skydiver do at a skydiving drop zone?
Which gun brand has less spring tension in the slide?
Who is the weakest out of the 4 remaining teams in the NFL playoffs?
Which side of this skateboard is the nose?
Am I going to be good enough to try out for my high school baseball team?
If I run once a day for a month how much will my mile time improve by?
How to prepare for a mile?
I want to travel -meet new people-adventure sports-hiking-climbing-surfing-rafting. Learn spanish and voluntee?
Is WWE Elite Series 24 available in the Philippines?
Anyone watching this Friday nights tykes show. Some of these coaches really need check themselves. They are?
Why do people think they're cool by supporting teams they don't even know?
Running Probs. Hip pains?
would you like to see tamina snuka in ufc and have a match with ronda rousey?
Who are your top picks to win the Royal Rumble?
Will people think displaying ribbons is egotistical?
name of gun part..looks like a bar or handle on the side??
Where to get skinny overall for women?
Basketball game tomorrow... Help?
Who's watching the kentucky vs Arkansas?
Good ways to get out of swimming in PE?
Do you think the 49ers have watched footage from the AZ at SEA game?
Why isn't Pete Carroll in the coach of the year discussion? Why is everyone saying Belichick, Belichick?
In American football do different teams have different names for the same plays? I know it might be confusing?
What do you think of Zlatan Ibrahimovic suggesting he could play for Borussia Dortmund?
10 team keeper fantasy basketball league, head to head- total points format trade question?
Your boxing wishlist for this year?
how do i know if a one piece bathing suit fits right?
Does Daniel Bryan have the Michael Jackson skin disease?
How do I get my coach to give me the ball more?
How to pick a punching bag?
Seahawks Saints playoff music?
Is this a good scooter?
I want to be a lifeguard but I'm scared!!?
What muscles are important for kick boxing?
Basketball tournament?
How do you earn belts in TaeKwonDo?
Parents might not allow me to do lacrosse?
Can i still aspire to becoming a pro baseball player even if i started playing at age 15?
Do I need a certification to teach different fighting styles?
My mum wont let me do the sports i want?
What does Michael Jordan have to do with starbucks?
Should i join my high school football team?
Can i still aspire to becoming a pro baseball player even if i started playing at age 15?
Giants Fans, Your thoughts on New York, hiring Ben McAdoo as Offensive Coordinator?
Did you know Daniel Bryan suffered a concussion on the main event on raw?
Predictions for the Mexico/South Korea game?
how to get better at football (soccer)?
what is the presale code for WWE Hall of Fame Tickets?
Do you feel that the Conference Championships this year are bigger games than the Super Bowl?
Will the San Francisco Giants win the NL pennant in 2014? Is the NL West the Dodgers' division now?
how can I learn basketball?
Hockey/Football review questions for study guide?
What was retail price for the kobe 3 prelude?
How big of a sled should I get?
Running a 22s 200m or below?
Can the broncos beat the pats?
Is the Injury even an Excuse? Should Messi been in 3rd Place?
Is the Injury even an Excuse? Should Messi be in 3rd Place?
what does brazil r150 mean?
Little League Opening Day Ideas?
How to loose 2 pound in 4 day wrestler and need to be under for wrestle offs?
Clay Pigeon Question??!?
Why do people make a big deal about trying to confuse Manning at the line of scrimmage with different looks?
Who thinks Kevin Durant deserves a MVP????
Does anyone else besides me think Cristiano is a better soccer player individually than Messi?
Tennis season coming up in 1 week.?
Do you guys remember when this happened?
Should I consider swimming in college?
How to avoid hamstring and glute cramp while sprinting?
Tyson looked whack as heck vs the boxer style of Douglas, how could ppl say he could beat Ali?
Are the top 5 centers in NBA history agreed upon?
Can i watch the Chicago Bears 2010 season online?
Who are your champions in WWE 13/2K14?
is there a motorcycle that you can jump, and is street legal?
I feel like I should quit track?
Who is the Best in the NBA???
Who would be the best no-rules fighters among the MMA fighters, and why?
How many goals would CR7 of scored if he was playing in Pele's boots throughout his career?
Which boxer has the most deceiving record?
NFL predictions Sunday?
Does Kevin Durant have his own clothing company???
best mountain bike for under £ 200 pound?
fifa 14 team of the year?
What belt would I be ? and can I switch over?
Contour waterproof case for snowboarding?
What belt would I be ? and can I switch over?
what position should I play in my basketball team?
Why don't coach Erik Spoelstra plays Joel Anthony?
Is Messi better than Ronaldo???
College (women's) Soccer, being recruited your Sophomore year of College?
Why didn't Kane unlocked the steel door last night?
Can I be a college basketball player?
Can someone tell me if my paintball tank is ok?
Is Aikido accepted in martial arts tournaments and competitions?
Poll: What is your dream match?
Who thinks Peyton Manning chokes in playoff games?
Cricket conundrums and puzzles, can you work these out?
how do i become the best?
why does my left leg feel firmer when i flex than my right?
Could you imagine if George W Bush played soccer?
Do your shins get soft if you don't train kicks for some time?
what is cm punk really like?
My truck is running really boggy at lower rpms. and its running on low volts? any suggestions? 1996 chevy 350?
if i were to run 50 feet in 23.8 seconds, what would be my speed in ft/sec?
Good free riding but flexible board?
Why do my ribs hurt after running?
Who is better rajon rondo or lebron james?
So Floyd Mayweather was right all along about testing Pacquiao?
help on basketball?!?
nmfsr are any of you interested in engineering?
Which QB is most likely to cost his team a win this weekend?
What is the little canteen thing on the right in the image below?
So when do you think Cat Zingano would be able to fight for the championship?
How to add power to baseball swing?
What do you think was Michael McGillicutty's reaction when Curtis Axel got pinned yet again?
Eskrima in tournaments against other martial arts?
How to choose the right roping lariat?
Who is Gordon McEachran?
Language-based problems among wrestling fans?
How to improve in swimming?
If you were Mike Munchak what would you do?
Glock and Cerakote: owners happy with?
graveyard shift and boxing?
How lucky are we as fans that we will get Manning vs Brady in what might be the last time they see each other?
How long is Philip Rivers contract in San Diego?
How long do you have to be in college to enter nba draft if you live in uk?
if i have a skateboard that is 7.625 x 30.25 what size trucks do i need?
Does anyone really believe Alex Rodriguez sent people to threaten the life of Anthony Bosch?
Is Junior year to late to start playing High School football?
what is the real instagram of Kevin Malcuit, the french footballer?
how do i make the best team for soccer?
Was Kane's debut the most epic of all time?
How to memorize plays in football for wide receivers?
how to be better in soccer?
my mom says im too big to skateboard a 220 lb guy too fat too skateboard?
Should I try out for my high school baseball team?
Do pro athletes have to return jerseys after they leave the team?
what team should i select in nba 2K14?
How can people say France would have lost to Italy even if Zidane wasn't sent off?
What are the best places (in Florida) to go camping?
How did you pick your favorite team?
Some people have told me that slamball is a joke? Don't they like adventure?
Think I will still be right?
Which snowboard to purchase...an help would be great!?
Choosing a Boxing nickname?
Should the NFL appoint someone to oversee the Lions?
If The Olympics where in North America?
Do you think I will be right?
I want to join rugby but I need help!?
Did Colin Kaepernick make everyone forget about Cam Newton's beautiful long yardage pass?
MFS: Chivas vs Leones N3gros. Thoughts?
Do you think Payton had some sort of head injury? That is why he kept shouting \Omaha!\?
Which player can beat Pele's record of winning 3 World Cups, that player would have to win 4 to beat Pele?
Is this a decent association team?
Will we see another 2012 NLCS rematch between the St. Louis Cardinals and the San Francisco Giants in 2014?
Which horse has more chance of winning?
NFL- Is there anyway Peyton Manning can be remember more for being a Bronco then a Colt?
Is strength or technique better in wrestling?
are mountain bike goggle are the same as snownboarding goggle?
i really want to be a cheerleader?
Do FIFA Stadiums allow this?
patriots or broncos who will win this weekend?
Why aren't the pistons good this year?
Which of these best team sports in the United States?
red light on spotlight?
y do people from england think dave beckham is english and not emerican r they just mad because we are free?
Should i go to football practices with a sore back?
When are the 2013 fantasy football payouts due?
How to get accepted into a professional football club ?
How to get buff like Gullit Pena?
WRESTLING : If the wwe asked you to give them a 2014 new years resolution as a wish?
I'm a jordan shoe maniac?
Where can I buy a Shane McMahon jersey?
i dont wanna run track but im being forced to can someone give me some advice?
hey guys can you explain to me why Kaitlyn left? i mean i love her and i'll miss her why she left?
If Ronaldo is so Good according to some could he win the CL on his own?
Did the NHL overdo it?
How to fish for bass in the winter on cold days?
Women throw as far as men?
Did you know Clint Dempsey raps?
I want to start swimming when I am in College, what would be best??
Why am I good at the 100 meter dash and bad at the 200 meter dash ?
Would Real Madrid be as good if they swapped Ronaldo for Ribery?
When roman turns face should he shave his head and have a completely new gimmick?
What happened during the 1994 olympic winter games in men's ice hockey for the first time?
What happened during the 1994 olympic winter games in men's ice hockey for the first time?
Would Shelton Benjamin, John Morrison, D.H. Smith, MVP, and others be a great addition to TNA?
If Peyton Manning wins the Super Bowl with the Denver Broncos, should he retire?
How to get split leap on beam?
Where should I get my lifeguard certification?
how can i grow talle im 16?
What is a parabolic microphone?
Heat need a power forward for a 3peat?
Did you find it sickening all the creeping people were showing towards Ronald on here last night?
i folded 8 games out of 10 football matches,and 2matches was voided,out of 8games played 6won, whats my return?
Whats a good longboard for me?
Has Mae Young died or is she still alive?
What do you think the Cavs saw in Anthony Bennett?
When you think of the term *LEGACY* in football, what does that mean to you?
How long till I'll be able to dunk?
If you could only take one of these away, would it be Thursday Night games or the Pro Bowl and why?
hey josh remember this classic east coast jam lol ?
Even Platini said Ribery should have won?
any idea for something neat to get for a gift for a baseball catcher?
fast heart rate?? help?
Whats the song played at kickoff at the Carolina Panthers stadium?
how big is ice hockey in California,USA?
NFL Jersey youth large?
How long will Kane wrestle until he retires from WWE?
Whats Jay Cutlers pre snap calls? Like Peyton manning is Omaha and aaron Rodgers is green 18. Whats Jays call?
What do you think of \Ghost Gun\ California Legislation? New evil or total crock?
Off Topic: What do you think of Gordon Ramsey?
What is a good combat art for martial arts.?
The colts sign Branch, the Broncos sign Cole?
motor guide digital freshwater 82 die after short periods of trolling?
do highschools only have varsity swim team?
What is the strangest thing you have done with a beach ball just serious answer, no smart remarks?
Is it sad TNA can't even sell out a school gym?
Are you ever stunned by the amount of stupidity in this world, and in football?
How to take the wheel off my mountain bike?
Which storied franchise is better the Celtics or the Yankees?
Strong wiffle balls for baseball practice?
Will any size bow be okay?
Which hydraulic brakes to go with my discs for mountain biking?
Skiing or Snowboarding help asap?
Boxing: Top Rank vs Golden Boy #9, Lightweights?
Eskrima empty hands falicies?
Which team with an early playoff exit was the biggest pretender?
Is 6\1 tall for a 14 year old ?
How do I get my mom to let me take horseback riding lessons?
How to practise rapping fast?
How can i do a back handspring?
Figure skating?? Too old??? :(?
could you imagine if tom Brady played soccer?
Do these look fake or legit?!?
What are the best cleats for a wide reciever?
Melt ice with my inner thighs?
what do you think of paul pogba , claudio marchisio and arturo vidal?
Will new head coach Jim Caldwell lead the Detroit Lions to the Super Bowl?
Who's your favorite tag team?
WS Who is Paige is she better then AJ Lee?
Do you think the 4 NFL teams left in the NFL Playoffs are the 4 Best NFL Teams this season?
Are the Montreal Canadiens good enough to win the Stanley Cup this year?
What are the Storylines to each potential SB matchup?
Baseball: Cubs get a Mascot?
Do you think this year Super Bowl Champ will be the NFC Champ no matter who the AFC Champ is?
Is Ken WhizzenSHIT going to lead the titans to another 5-11 year with his garbage QB jAKE LOCKER ?
is running 4km in 16min good for a beginner? female?
How do you think the Original Six teams have done so far this season?
How long will the tire hold the air if you don't pull the goathead out?
How long before Jim Caldwell gets arrested?
hey Josh Ryder Ruff boi - remember this LL jam from 96 lol ?
What is Doc Emerick's most annoying phrase?
Nike Tiempo Legend V vs Tiempo Legend IV?
If the Indian cricket team are the rock stars of cricket?
did Sting resign with TNA?
Why don't Austin marks like The Rock and don't Rock marks like Austin?
WRESTLING : Don't you think the USOS is the best tag team currently in the WWE?
Will the Seahawks be this good next season (2014)?
Why do people complain about arrogant Patriots fans?
Do you think De Gea, Evra, Smalling and Rafael will strike fear into the opposition?
Do you think John Cena will face the Undertaker at Wrestlemana 30?
will this improve my soccer game?
To play college soccer do you need to be recruited or could you just go to the try outs?
Broncos or Patriots to the Super Bowl?
When will UFC events be scheduled for June 2014?
Do you expect Batista to be as big & muscular as he was during his last run...?
I'm going snowboarding in a few days, but it's my first time?
If this is indeed Peyton Manning's last year in the NFL, do you want to see him go out with a win?
Will Wes Welker come back to haunt the Patriots much like Adam Vinateri did all those years ago...?
United and us will be backing you Gunners all the way to win the damn thing - wish you best of luck ?
Can Seattle be beat at home?
What is your favorite ODI match of all time?
How do i uncock a pump shotgun?
OKC sword repair and questions about prices?
Why am I having muscle cramps when running?
If Peyton Manning does win his 2nd Super Bowl this season, should he just retire?
Was Dan Wheldon decapitated?
How to increase speed in running?
What do you think was Stephanie McMahon's reaction when Kingston beat Orton?
Nemanja Matic costs Chelsea 7.5 million less than Fellaini and he can actually play football?
Should I get into skateboarding? Is it worth it?
Why OKC doesn't retire #20 Payton jersey but AS A Sonic jersey?
When will the Cleveland Browns make the playoffs again?
What are your thoughts on Kaitlyn asking for (and receiving) her release from WWE...?
Does anyone know how to apply to a career with NFL Play 60?
Are we witnessing the end of a dark Valencia era...Is the giant going to wake soon?
What's the more exciting matchup NFC or AFC?
'' But for most Japanese people it means more to play for Man United than Dortmund''?
Do people really think Bill Bellichek and Tom Brady are going to lose back to back AFC championship games?
Airsoft Combat machine upgrade?
Breathing problems when running!?
how to do I fix my cracked snowboard?
If you put a high speed motor in an combat machine stock will it ruin the gun?
Can i use a home defense shotgun for rec use?
what is the best ktm enduro for a 16 year old?
Which single action revolver should I buy?
Which Martial Art Shall I Do?
Boxing: Top Rank vs Golden Boy #8, Jr Welterweights?
Which surfboard should i get? Mini-Mal or Fishboard?
What is the best goal marked by Leo Messi?
where can i find the best online tv schedule for the 2014 olympics.... saying what sports r on what channels a?
Boxing: Top Rank vs Golden Boy #7: welterweights?
When was the last time Dean Ambrose defended the U.S title?
Does a GoPro camera mount on a RIS rail?
What do you think was Paul Heyman's reaction when Big Show knocked out Zeb Colter?
Which surfboard should i get? Mini-Mal or Fishboard?
Which PG would u rather have on your fantasy basketball team?
Eventhough Peyton Manning has a Super Bowl ring already, is his post-season record the reason why he is still?
Can I machine was my Aikido gi?
Boxing: Top Rank vs Golden Boy #6: Jr Middleweight?
What is your opinion on butterfly knives?
Could I be a flyer for cheer?
Thoughts on the Detroit Lions naming Jim Caldwell as the coach?
Manny Pacquiao calls Mayweather a coward:?
Can anyone recommend a company that does quality knife sharpening?
Can anyone recommend a company that does quality knife sharpening?
Do you think Philip Rivers is better than Peyton Manning?
Do my ice skates fit well?
Do people forget that Peyton Manning flips out also?
Which team is your favorite team's biggest non divisional rival?
What do you think was Brie Bella's reaction when Daniel Bryan left the Wyatt Family?
Have Celtic signed the new Harold Bratback ?
Do you think the US & IC titles should be defended more?
how much is my autographed football worth?
Will Man Utd win anything this season ?
do these jordans look fake or real? plzz answer!! 10 pts.?
how many bowl games will be played next season in college football?
If Payton Manning continues with this shouting \Omaha!\ can a defensive lineman sack him pre-snap?
Does Ozzie Guillen deserve another shot at a managing gig?
who is the best quarterback recruit coming out of high school this year?
If I have 5 people doing a sports draft, what is the fairest way of working out the order? Would be 15 rounds?
Is Rajon Rondo really coming back Friday?
Will The U.S National Team get out of their group ?
Swimming with contacts?
Which wrestling promotion pays their wrestlers the most?
Isn't it a little pointless to keep bringing up spygate when the Patriots have still been elite regardless?
What high powered rifle do use to hunt grizzly best in Alaska?
Is riding a bike with a very dry chain?
What position should I play in American football? (High School)?
Are the New England Patriots the most annoying NFL team?
Do you know anyone who has an irrational hatred for Tom Brady? Why do so many hate him?
WRESTLING : Who's legacy do find much more powerful : TAKER vs FLAIR (REPOST)?
What to name my son's baseball team...?
Where would Bayern Munich finish in the SPL?
are there copa mx games on today?
Is it true Wayne is going to Chelsea?
Back handspring on a mattress?
NFC or AFC???????????????
What do you will happen at the John Cena vs. Randy Orton match at the Royal Rumble?
Skateboarding help (for turning) needed?
Should i quit karate? Please read!!!?
Why Malinga is awesome against Australia but awful against India?
Will Tom Brady put on the greatest show in NFL post season history this sunday?
WRESTLING : What would you say are your top 3 favorite kind of matches (ENCLOSED)?
Who else should be put into the 2014 WWE Hall Of Fame?
have you met any of the current man united players?
First year playing rugby?
diet for a footballer (soccer player)?
have you met any of the current Manchester united players?
How fine is the line of success and failure if Cristiano Ronaldo doesn't win a UCL with Real Madrid?
Whats more impressive?
Do you think Dennis Rodman will come back again to North Korea?
What is the \Curse of Chief Wahoo?
Does Dave Most run a stall or a cart?
Anyone know where I can get a manual for a webley mark 3 22. Airrifle?
Do you think the wwe should create a European faction once the shield split up?
When you think of the history of Real Madrid what comes to mind?
who has the worlds longes high jump?
Nikon p223 rifle scope?
why is it alway the same people on this section?
Who would Chris Jericho face at Wrestlemania 30 should he return?
Cross country tomorrow! How do I not die?
Vidic or Ferdinand...?
Whatever happened to Matt Barkley?
When are Rooney and Rvp back in action?
Have Arsenal got the depth to take the title?
What's a combination of Billiards and American Football?
What kind of handles or stabality bars can we get for my son to use his go pro while skatboarding?
What is the best lures for perch?
What's the difference between being a die-hard fan, and an arrogant jerk?
How to lose weight fast?
Is the Lion's hire of Jim Caldwell a good decision?
Can anyone name some Muay Thai Legends, back from the 80's through to the 90's? Much appreciated?
What do you think was Mr.Cena's reaction when he woke up at the hospital?
Is Cricket British equavalent of Baseball?
Will Tom Brady ever win his 4th Super Bowl?
which player will you be most excited to be inducted into the Hall of Fame?
Which city do you prefer: Valencia or Seville?
Boxing: Top Rank vs Golden Boy...who has the better roster?
Anyone knows motivational videos similar to this?
College volleyball or club?
Boxing: Top Rank vs Golden Boy #5: Middleweights?
Your favorite chant when you go to wrestling shows?
WRESTLING : Have you ever been fooled by a wwe superstar with un-expectations?
If a player is traded in NBA with only one year on his contract can he then chose to go up for free agency?
when will fans realise that the shield is overated?
Did Market Trader Moyes bring anyone back from Italy ?
what is your 6 nations rugby dream team for 2014?
How to make a fantasy football game?
how to get good at butterfly stroke fast?
What is considered dry firing a shotgun?
What are some things I can eat to not feel like shit at the gym?
is nonito donaire a shot fighter?
Jumper's Knee (patellar tendinitis)?
BREAKING NEWS! BREAKING NEWS!?
Cm punk or daniel bryan-who do you prefer?
Was the pop for daniel Bryan last night the loudest pop ever in wwe history?
Snowboard bindings for burton board?
Wrestling Section: In your opinion, who are/were the best WWE couples ever?
why have the Diamondbacks Retired Luis Gonzalez's number, but not Randy Johnson's?
Boxing: Top Rank vs Golden Boy #4: Super Middleweight?
What is the casual riding speed of a regular mountain bike from wal-mart ridden on the street at an easy pace?
Can a woman be classed as a FIRST LADY if she is not married to her MALE partner?
Balotelli vs Andy Carroll?
sup with them man utd fake ased beiatches - manz n dem fake asss fools... yo glory hunting is sad yo 4real?
snowboard recommendation?
Which MLB team gives the most heartache and pain to their fans?
Is running 20 mpw enough for general health/fitness?
tips for my senior year of football?
Why is the SPFL so strong, Exciting and competitive?
Fishing Durby This Saturday..... Who should I bring? My Buddy or Bestie?
which sites giving more information about tennis players information ?
Jim Caldwell to the Lions. Good fit?
Is Messi signing for Cheltenham Town more likely than.....?
Good ways to get ripped UFC/MMA style?
am i told old to skate?
Would boxing be better off today if their were only 8 weight classes?
Looking for an 8 man football playbook?
Have you seen the Michigan State crowd chanting Daniel Bryan's YES! at the Basketball game?
How to stand up from a bridge/crab?
Why do people only judge managers based on 6 months and completely disregard their previous years...?
Will someone explain Lebron's Contract please?
What are some good ways to strengthen my lower back?
What is the best lure for catching perch?
What martial art style is best for both striking and grappling?
Do you think that CM Punk is really Best In The World (Best In The Company)?
No team has dominated European football like Real Madrid did in their prime?
When zeroing my rifle scope, what magnification should it be set at? 3 or 9x?
NBA players who started to play at age 20?
What do you think of JBL saying the Wyatt family entrance gives him the Willy's?
NHL 14 Help with controls?
What do you think of Jerry Lawler saying the last time he reached for the stars he pulled a muscle?
Who is mother of Cristiano Ronaldo Jr.?
If more Spaniards were interested in rugby could they do well at it?
Who will be the Ravens new OC?
Give me something positive for Lions fans about Jim Caldwell being hired as Lions Head Coach?
Sting or HHH,who's better?
Was Chelsea's old midfield good?
Question about jordan shoes?! 10 pts!!?
WRESTLING : Between TAKER & FLAIR, who would you say has a better RESUME in pro wrestling history?
if MMA and boxing oringinated from the streets where is there difference and fighting?
Need help finding Mosin M1895 revolver?
following the Shocking suspension of Superstar 3rd basemen Alex Rodriguez, who will play 3B for the Yankees?
Boxing the day I got my braces tightened?
Can I have a black powder pistol shipped to my home address, in florence,Alabama?
where can a get swim team suits?
Is it dirty that only Regional buyers of playoff tickets is being allowed by the home teams this weekend?
6 a side cricket tournament name?
If india win world cup but losses to pakistan in the same series would you be happy..?
What's a cheap slow pitch softball bat for a guy who mostly gets base hits then homers?
WRESTLING : TRUE or FALSE : Randy orton is at the peak of his carreer?
what is youre favourite youtuber?
what is the path up Ben Macdui like?
No team has dominated european football like barca did in their prime?
Did you know Orton beat up Cena's dad twice?
Can you survive extremely high free fall into water head first with a helmet on?
Are these Ibrahimovic to Celtic rumours true?
It's maybe been asked before but how do you think Neil Lennon would cope if he was in Allys predicament?
Looking to buying a Polaris rzr 1000?
Are nitric oxide supplements ill eagle in amature boxing? Like NO3 chrome?
Best wishes to Fernando Ricksen. How would you cope?
Boxing: Eddie Chambers has signed with Team Fury Promotions?
Does everyone here still hate RVP?
Firearms Safety: how to avoid ricochet?
cheerleading or colorguard?
Desparate help needed anyone !! please read?
Why do fan-boys keep wanting CM Punk to win Royal Rumble and headline Wrestlemania?
Is Eugene Monroe the next Jonathen Ogden?
Are the snorkeling goggles better than the regular ones?
49ers & Patriots ROAD WARRIORS!?
Do you think Peter Lim will be the new owner of Valencia tomorrow?
What are the beef between Ultimate warrior and some WWE legends?
David Moyes tumbled Manchester United 220m in a month?
cheerleading or colorguard?
Repeat Cycling of Goodman/Janitrol Furnace?
Who is worst: A-Rod or Chad Curtis?
Can i have help with first time 4k run??
If you could go back in time, what moment in your team's (or NFL) history would you most want to see?
Do you think undertaker will return at the rumble?
Titans over Lions: Did Whizenhunt make the wrong decision?
what are your thoughts on the new age outlaws action last night on raw?
Who deserves to be the NFC & AFC Champion?
A year from now, will the NFC championship game take place before the AFC championship game?
If Pats, and Seahawks win this weekend?
Why do people like RED jealous of the New England Patriots?
what height must the seat be on a stationary bike?
Lacrosse positions/workouts?
What is the best perch lure?
What football position should i play?
Does the AFC championship game always take place before the NFC championship game or is it rotated each year?
Would lowering the max contract unrestricted free agents can receive from other teams hep the NBA with parity?
2 Half Marathons possible to do well in both?
My mom told me to jump off a bridge, what should I do?
49ERS vs Seahawks NFC Championship? Who you got?
Where did the Undertaker get his start wrestling?
sig p229 vs cz 75 compact vs m&p shield?
Does anyone else want CM Punk to beat the living hell outta those 2 old timers?
can girls play a star quarterback?
Does my bunny have snuffles?
Skiing - which level?
Whisenhut goes to the Titans. Thoughts?
Do all Jordans only sell until they sellout?
How much longer will AJ Lee be the Divas Champion?
This comment.................................?
best place to drink before the match at Chelsea?
How to train for running without actually running?
Who should win the Royal Rumble Batista or Daniel Bryan?
POLL: What do you think about my workout equipment?
Wrestling- Keep One, Push One and Fire One?
Do you think that TNA might buy WWE?
What fighting style compliments boxing?
Surfboard: Ron Jon surf shop??
I run 9.60 yesterday on the track it wasa stop watch what time do think I will run with electric clock?
What better football american team? Why?
Which best team in basketball? Why?
Which sport do you like most?
Undertaker vs Bray Wyatt at wrestlemanina 30 would you watch it?
Is being lanky a disadvantage when fighting on the inside in Muay Thai?
who is Xavier Sivels?
What is the exact mileage of r15 v2? is it a gud bike for doing stunts?
Upgrading my Ares G36c internals?
Should people be allowed to attack others' personal lives on here?
Sir, i am 18 years old. In this age can i get the chance in national level or any club if i play well?
Should the Ballon d'or be abolished? Would you abolish it if it was your decision?
Running heart rate? Too high?!! Help?
If Arsenal beat Fulham and Chelsea beat man utd, how many points will utd be behind Arsenal?
Why won't mexico make it to 2014's finals or even semi-finals?
What does wwe have against new age outlaws or they just old?
Who should induct Warrior?
Are there any college and NFL players who DID NOT play football in high school?
Do you buy that Cena has no power over what he does?
MFS: Did anyone hear about former Israeli president Ariel Sharon's death?
Is Kofi Kingston getting a push or not?
I am a tennis pro in New York. Overtime pay question...?
Bray Wyatt the best heel in WWE?
can you legally push a guy in the corner with your shoulder as long as you dont wrap arms around eachother?
Will Lionel Messi win the Balon d'or next year?
Is this a surprise move Jelavic goes to Hull CITY?
yo what the deal with the arsenal batiboi crew that is whack yo - real men up in here ya herd?
Wrestling: Marcus,paul,Deadmanraisin and others.?
Do you agree with this Argument ?
Are the servers for NBA 2K13 down forever now that NBA 2K14 is out?
Have you seen who voted for who in the Balon d'Or....?
Will Kofi Kingston get a shot at The WWE World Heavyweight Championship at Wrestlemania 30?
Does anyone know how long the hose is on the dangerous power E1?
Was Daniel Bryan and Bray Wyatt vs The Usos in a Steel Cage Match: The Best Match of All-Time?
who is present home minister of india?
Was Daniel Bryan really apart of The Wyatt Family?
Some advice on this game?
Guttierez joins norwich lol why not @ NewC?
Who thinks Takanori Gomi in his prime would destroy Shinya Aoki in his prime? If not, why?
Patriots are not winning IN DENVER?
Who thinks Hendricks will easily shatter GSP's record of most Welterweight Title Defenses in UFC History?
I can't find any all black molded Cam Newton highlight cleats.?
Who would win Floyd Mayweather vs Charley Burley?
Do you like Daniel Bryan as his yes no character?
The crowd is great last nights RAW compare to Old School RAW?
Who is better Undertaker or HBK?
can you guess my five favorite football teams?
When will Ronaldo haters admit it that Ronaldo is a special player ?
Advice on mountain hiking in Scotland?
Will arsenal be blowing cobwebs from the trophie cabinet?
I have many questions about the art of krav maga please assist meh?
why do people overrate the mercenaries that are man city players.....?
Are Italy vs Brazil games some of the best ever played?
Anyone have experience with trigger grip poles?
What are your thoughts on TNA launching TNA network?
How to drop 24 seconds in the 500?
what are the basics of sparring?
Why do people compare Messi and Ronaldo?
'Middle of The Park' means?
Do you think there's any chance Montreal could get Huberdeau from Florida Panthers ?
Can you buy realistic looking airsoft guns in the UK?
Do you think players like Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi would play at a pretty good standard in defence?
is the NFL fixed ?????
Is nike strike soccer ball durable and is it soft.I want to buy soccer ball that soft and durable?
Do Airsoft guns hurt?
If Drew Brees still plays for the Chargers?
What are you thinking about RAW yesterday (13.1.2014)?
Omaha! Omaha! Omaha! Are you telling me that Peyton changes every.single.play at the line of scrimmage?
Why people deny the fact that Lebron is on steroids?
the only time Man utd were in the title?
do real football fans bother?
Was Drew Brees good with the Chargers?
How many games are there in a baseball season?
Which BB pistol with co2 is the best, and which one is less expensive but still good?
If Cristiano Ronaldo had the Argentina team as his national team, would he have done better than Messi ?
Did you catch Carmelo cursing on live TV after the game?
What Exercise Is That And What Are its Benefits ?
What on earth was Messi wearing for the Ballon d'or ceremony?
Can Manchester United ever be ruled out of the title race?
How do you feel about the new age outlaws betraying CM Punk? Are You happy Daniel Bryan is back?
AR15 lower receiver, what is the difference between .223 and .308 reciever?
India vs Pakistan, 4th ODI match of ICC World Cup 2015 to be played on Feb 15, 2015, at Adelaide Oval, Adelaid?
Is English cricket Monty Panesar a supporter of Khalistan?
If an All time SA - Eng combined xi team was to be made,could any englishman possibly make a place for himself?
What did you think of the ending to RAW?
Should they have let Owen Hart win the WWF Title after Austin's neck injury?
Is Cristiano Ronaldo the modern Pelé?
Can Messi ever play the physical hoofball EPL and win a Ballon d'or there?
Would you rate Cristiano Ronaldo above iker Casillas?
How do I train for an 800m race in a month?
Do you think that the Diva's who are not in Total Divas are jealous to Divas who are in the show?
Why Lord Bendtner doesn't win the Ballon D'Or?
How many games has Deng played since the trade With Cavs?
WWE - Did AJ Lee kiss Brie Bella?
Who's a better baseball player: A-Rod, Josh Hamilton or neither? Do they break fans' hearts?
Boxing: Top Rank vs Golden Boy #2: Cruiserweights?
Help with Improving Running?
What arrows do you recommend?
Boxing: Top Rank vs Golden Boy #1: Heavyweights?
What's with all the travelling in the NBA?
Valencia or At. Madrid to win tonight?
How to make money off of figure skating?
World Cup in Brazil???
Patriots vs Broncos predictions?
Except Warne which spinner from outside the subcontient would make into a list of top 10 spinners of all time?
John Cena, Sr. ............................?
Would the players be better off if the NFL required them to graduate from college before training camp?
Can liverpool fc finish in the top 4?
Would you prefer the Indian or srilankan best fast bowling trio of all time in your team?
Can Messi fans stop using his injury as an excuse?
Is Ronaldo the only player to win the Ballon d'or twice in two different roles?
How can I improve my hockey game?
how to get tickets for sold out football match?
Do you think WWE should have saved the Daniel Bryan swerve for the Rumble match?
Is Pellegrini the modern age Saruman?
Is Pele really the best ever player?
How do you break-in a Baseball Bat and How do you know if it's already break-in?
How sharp will Ronaldo's decline be when his pace and power deteriorate?
guysss,, plzz suggest me btw pulsar 180 and fz 16 ?
IF (big if) Arsene Wenger wins a trophy this year ....?
How can I become a football player in india?
WHO plays at OLD TRAFFORD F.C?
What size hockey jersey should I buy?
Champions league spot. Liverpool?
What to do with all my wwe dvds?
well today i was pulling up a crab pot when the rope snapped how do any of you suggest i get it back?
american ninja warrior america vs japan how did america dominate them at their own game?
Where can I get a good electric bike?
What football club did Nobby Stiles play for when he won his 1966 World Cup medal?
What football club did Roger Hunt play for when he won his 1966 World Cup medal?
Aside from goalkeepers, which two England captains since 1966 never scored their country?
Who was the last player to captain England before David Beckham?
Which is the first Cricketer about whom you came to know about?
Do you think FiFA should change the voting rules ?
Help!!!! with my pet bass.... I need to know something?
Why are black people the best football (soccer) players on Earth?
Is it true that players like Messi & Cristiano come once in a lifetime?
how much is my 1979 luis tiant and 1980 tony armas topps baseball cards worth?
Why are black people the best boxers on Earth?
What are the pros and cons between Hapkido and Judo in s fight.?
NFL predictions for next season?
Indian boys do you like Pakistani girls ?
Can i still be a amazing player if i start playing at the age of 13?
Did B Hop and Whitaker have tougher opponents than Floyd during there reign?
How boring will the American football category become when the 2013-2014?NFL season is over?
Is welbeck going to get the respect he deserves?
Can Arsenal finally get some silverware?
Who is your fav batsman at current time ?
what race is Gene Okerlund ?
What martial art should I do?
Since the summer Manchester United have lost 200000 followers on twitter, arsenal and city have gained 100000?
How strong are you in pool game?
Will Arsenal win a trophy this season (2013-14) ?
where can i find 2 piece bikini?
NFL Read Option Question?
what martial art should I take up?
How many goals did messi and ronaldo score in laliga carier?
Which Net setter is best for fast speed?
Has Pacquiao truly redeemed himself with his latest win over Rios?
OMG Wrestling Section! Chris Jericho not returning anytime soon this year?!?
Ryback is quitting Wrestling? #WWE?
What is steven johnson syndrome?
Any of you rooting for the Niners because you hate the Cowboys?
Best street skate setup?
Batista to win the WWE Royal Rumble and face Brock Lesnar at WrestleMania XXX MAIN EVENT?
How much is my used canadale m500 worth?
Good tv for sports and football online?
What can i use to lubricate the jockey wheels on rear mech?
Manny and mike tyson ate oatmeal after running?
Manny and mike tyson ate oatmeal after running?
Are you supposed to wear underwear under spandex?
Andrei Arlovski vs Cain Velasquez, Allister Overeem, Dos Santos?
What kind of shoes should I get?
in my WWE2K14 Which match should be better to see in reality? it's hard to pick for me!?
Red Sox the best team for 2014?
Best website for sports streaming online?
Why did Tottenham hot potatoes sell Dos Santos?
which is the best bike ?
Volleyball whistle science vocabulary?
Who had better competition; Oscar de la Hoya or Fritzie Zivic?
Cena/Orton déjà vu ? Is this feud just the pg version of the one a few years ago?
Is curry for Anthony Davis a good trade?
Are you a Realistic football?
how much years and levels in Jeet Kune Do?
what is the best backpack that matches my jacket?
Name your top 5 wrestlers of all time?
what does getting shot with a Paintball feel like?
Professional Wrestling: If PG is the issue with WWE, why is TNA a sinking ship?
Could I have the bends?
I wanna change my life..how can I start?
Why don't the WWE make Brock Lesnar face?
How much to play a round of golf at shenzhen mission Hills?
Will there be a Yahoo Fantasy Racing this year?
How much to play a round of golf at shenzhen mission Hills?
Will there be a Yahoo Fantasy Racing this year?
How can I watch football online?
Is Richard Sherman the best corner in the league?
hi i have a mossberg 20 gauge bantem can i shoot slugs wit a mod choke?
In your opinion who has the best defense in the world, Mayweather, Whitaker, or Pep?
I should have born earlier so that I can experience classic WWE look like.?
Chris Jericho tweets: When I retire, WWE will never ever be the same again??
is an amateur muay thai fighter who wears shin guards and helmet and some takedwn defense good in streetfight?
Daniel Bryan is so boring as a face. True?
How do I become a long distance runner?
Do you think Daniel Bryan is the next John Cena?
What do you think about the FIFpro World XI 2013?
What EPL Club should I support?
Will Wes Welker regret not resigning with New England?
How much would Canucks playoffs tickets cost and what are some good hotels around Rodgers?
Really need some advice?
Where can I buy a Shane McMahon jersey?
What EPL Club should I support?
What EPL Club should I support?
working out - what if i go over the certain amount of grams i can have?
Does Aaron Rodgers say Green 18 or 19?
The Undertaker's Streak?
Which muscles to concentrate to get and maintain fitness for cricket?
Floyd Mayweather vs. Manny Pacquiao 2015?
if MMA has evolved, why do people act like Boxing hasn't?
Which game has more hype...the San Franciso 49ers & Seahawks or Patriots Broncos?
Glock race gun scope mounting, why on the frame?
i'm looking for a big beach towel?
Need some help about joining highschool football?
Is WWE Monday Night Raw really Live?
If the size of the bullet is bigger does it explode or just do more damage?
Who is your favorite dictator?
will I be ready for soccer in time?
Could Bud Selig be impeached like Nixon & Clinton or maybe suspended for 162 games?
Why is ryback being booked so much?
Which Texas A&M QB will have the Better NFL career ?
Don't you think it's high time Indian stadiums had?
How much does a football (soccer) club cost?
how many deaths have happened on golf courses in the u.s.?
MFS-What's your favorite piñata color?
High School Swim team?? Please answer!?
Are any of the young shooting guards in today's game on the level of a young Gilbert Arenas?
Who will be the first team to really test Chivas?
Seahawks They Won The NFC Division championships in 2013??? i see it on Wikipedia?
Why has Deontay Wilder not fought any good opponents?
Nervous at Baseball when the ball comes to me?
i have catfish in a pond and i use worms but they wont bite,most of the time they wont bite on any thing?
Is steve smith a HOFer?
Will Drew Doughty ever crack 50+ Points again?
i have catfish in a pond and i use worms but they wont bite,most of the time they wont bite on any thing?
Is steve smith a HOFer?
Will Drew Doughty ever crack 50+ Points again?
Who is the better wrestler in their prime: Rey Mysterio or Shawn Michaels?
Who is the better wrestler in their prime: Bret Hart or Chris Benoit?
So hockey players, or rollerbladers in general, how hard is it to learn to rollerblade?
Does my bike design look good?
Can I be benched for missing a game due to tooth extraction?
yes yes yes Daniel Bryan is back?
What is the best shotgun scope out there for under $70?
Repack bearings or replace whole wheel that has the loose ball casette?
I think Batista should have went to TNA instead of going back to WWE does anyone agree?
Professional Wrestling: Who do people suddenly have an issue with more?
Does real madrid has enough team to win treble?
authentic jersey? HELP!?
Did anyone get tears in their eyes after Ronaldo won the Ballon d'or ?
Cristiano Ronaldo won the FIFA award, what do you think?
Professional Wrestling: What is your opinion on tonight's WWE Monday Night RAW?
New to Skateboarding, help?
What size twin tip skis should I get?
Do people actually think Andrew Luck will be as good as Peyton Manning?
In the 70's Carlton had its own high flyer in #25 Alex Jesaulenco but who was the other high flying #25?
So I looked up John Cena's dad's injury and found some information you may be interested in. Thoughts?
how can i love soccer once more?
Should I do endurance or speed training during football offseason?
Can I wear a skateboard helmet skating?
Which WWE Worldheavyweight title match would you want it to be at Elimination Chamber?
Motivation, how do I get it?
what is 8th grade track like??
Is this worth anything?
Football coach doesn't know proper offseason training. Help?
Track and Field. Hurdles?
I was looking at TNA wrestling is it me or is ODB hot?
What MLB jersey size should I get?
Do you think Chris Jericho should face any of these guys at WrestleMania 30?
Do you think I am able to play in the MLS? Or even in Europe? Maybe even in the Champions League?
What is OMAHA OMAHA OMAHA?
Will everyone please give a kind word to John Cena's dad tonight after he was attacked by Randy Orton?
If Stone Cold has 1 more match who would you want it against & what ppv?
What is your FIFPro IX ?
Who is the better wrestler?
Anyone notice that Bad News Barrett was not on Raw?
Why do people keep claiming the Texans do not need a new QB?
Summer camps CHEAPISH!!?
Are .44 magnum Desert Eagles legal in California?
Are you all ready for the Bryan/ The Wyatt's feuding matches again?
Does anyone else think it was dumb of WWE to make Daniel Bryan leave the Wyatt Family so quickly?
As much as I'm happy for Daniel Bryan, I just can't get over John Cena's dad being attacked?
Which used bike shall I buy under $100 for work?
That whole Daniel Wyatt thing was such a waste of freaking time anyone agree?
Which used bike shall I buy under $100 for work?
That whole Daniel Wyatt thing was such a waste of freaking time anyone agree?
Is My Baseball glove suppose to hurt my pinky finger?
I'm calling it now - Daniel Bryan vs the Wyatts every single week, all the way to Wrestlemania?
Can you share some titbits about the Australian PM XI team?
Where can I get some game worn NFL cleats?
Since Daniel Bryan is normal again, will he have sex with Brie Bella tonight?
Did you really believe Daniel Bryan had turned Heel?
Would you as a wrestler, fall on your back onto the floor from the top of the cage?
YES!!! YES!!! YES!!! Daniel Bryan is still a face?
So is Daniel Bryan gonna start being boring and annoying again?
Where can I buy a single .50 cal round?
How far can I shoot a grizzly bear from with a 12 guage shotgun with four shots and what type of bullet would?
nhl 14 drop in games unlock boosts?
Do you think Nikki Bella is upset that she won't have sex with John Cena tonight since his dad is hurt?
Calling it now, Byran turning on the Wyatt Family will be the OMG! Moment of the Year?
Some turn of events! Daniel, you're alright with me.?
I feel like I've lost my drive for success...?
Have you ever seen a wrestler get a bigger reaction than Daniel Bryan?
So, how long was Daniel Bryan heel?
WRESTLING : Who's your favorite member of the WYATTS?
Do you think it was Bryan's plan to get close to Bray so he could attack him all along?
Wrestling section: Is anyone else mad that Bryan isn't a Wyatt Family member anymore?
Are you as a wrestling fan, glad the 40 consecutive YES chant is back again?
which onde would be the perfect.world cup final?
Best beard in the NFL?
I'm am 13 years old and 5'4 I might be getting a ktm 125sx is it to tall for me?
Do you traitor Bryan fans like him again?
Are the seats in section 120 row 1 at the United Center good seats?
How come you can't tell that the Uso's were just in a cage match?
Why does almost everyone on this site hate on Johnny Manziel?
Can i play QB at 5 foot 5?
Since John Cena's dad has a fractured orbital socket, could this lead to blindness or loss of vision?
I'm just wondering if there's a lot of snow in big bear already? And how deep?
Lol, Even retired Brett Lee managed to get Cook out?
How do I get back on Varsity?
Who did a better job acting: The Miz's dad or John Cena's dad?
Did terrible at baseball preseason today?!?!?
This is the second time Orton attacked Cena's dad?
Where do you buy your bike bmx parts?
you think Deion Sanders will get a pick 6 in the pro bowl?
Would you be scared, if you were one of the Usos, to be locked in a cage with the Wyatt Family?
can you use ag soccer cleats for fg?
Whats up with you guys rideing Guillits Nuts?
What NBA teams have never gone to the champonship????
is tang soo do a good martial arts to start off with ?
Who thinks after when the 49ers win SuperBowl this year, they will repeat next year? If not, why?
What to do if they won't let you wear jewelry in track and field?
Do you think John Cena's dad went to the same hospital Mark Henry went to last week?
What should I prioritize in tennis before tryouts?
What NFL Teams For The Win?
how do i get in shape for soccer?
Do you play a lot of football as well as watch it?
how to get really good at soccer?
Which team will go to the super bowl?
Why did Alberto Del Rio say Batista and Rey Mysterio are friends? Did he forget when Batista attacked Mysterio?
How many of you WWE fans actually believe that WWE is real?
Which Team will Johnny Manziel be drafted to.?
What classic NBA player jersey should I buy?
Did horrible at baseball preseason today?
In the 90s or early 2000s which men's deodorant had tiny green balls in it?
gamertag ideas please!?
Is Rey still Batista's best friend?
When is a kicking PAT worth two points?
What do you think was Nikki Bella's reaction when John Cena's dad was attacked by Randy Orton?
How likely is a Denver-Seattle Super Bowl?
Did Cinco De Mayo start because of Alberto Del Rio?
is a college basketball court the same size as a pro court?
Is \perro\ Alberto Del Rio's favorite word?
why do my lungs hurt while running?
which wm30 card out of these 2?
Who thinks Kaepernick should taunt Alex Smith, Cam Newton and Wilson after he wins the SuperBowl on February 2?
What is the hardest position to play in soccer besides goalie?
Is shotgun ammo on this mossberg limited to slugs?
Not to be mean, but why does John Cena's dad attend WWE shows when something bad always happens to him?
Will John Cena press assault charges on Orton?
The Ultimate Warrior to be inducted into the WWE Hall Of Fame! Thoughts?
am I the only one annoyed of the goldberg chants?
do i have what it takes to become a professional soccer player?
What will happen to Randy Orton if he killed John Cena's dad on Raw?
Should a team be allowed to change a player's contract if he's suspended for PED use?
After all is settled with A-Rod do you think NYY will permanently retire #13 so no one else has to wear it?
Is Dwight Howard overrated?
What are your thoughts on the Ambulance(the one that took John Cena's father) forgetting a EMT on WWE RAW?
Colin on Patriots and Tom on 49ers this season?
Great to see back ryder?
Do you agree with JBL? It is inexcusable of Randy Orton to attack John Cena's dad?
Who will win the 3rd test among PAK vs SL?
Wrestling section: Did John Cena just say mother f'er?
Lmao Randy Orton Attacking Cenas Dad?
WRESTLING : Don't you think RANDY ORTON is the worst champion since ALBERTO?
Are my lift weights impossible?
Do you think Cena's dad should just stop sitting on the front row?
No Dilshan, no murali, still a better side Srilanka?
I called it Orton just attacked Cena's father?
WOW! Did Kofi prove that he is a WWE World Heavyweight Championship contender tonight?
John Cena's dad calls himself a wrestling promoter but can't take a shot to the face?
WS Why doesn't the WWE bring back The King Of The Ring PPV?
will a fat person like me survive baseball practice?
Does anyone else think that this will be the top half of the WM30 card after the NAO turning on CM Punk?
will a fat person like me survive baseball practice?
Does anyone else think that this will be the top half of the WM30 card after the NAO turning on CM Punk?
Does Messi think he's fashionable or is UEFA/Fifa dressing him?
Will WWE ever run out of legends to induct into the hall of fame?
Is CM Punk dumb for fully trusting the N.A.O, knowing they're great friends with Triple H?
Is the Rangers-Devils Stadium Series game worth it?
Is Brazil going to have any league games in 2014 before the World Cup?
WRESTLING : Even though brock lesnar been gone for a while, do you still claim him as #1 contender?
Do wwe fans NOT take Batista seriously after his MMA debut?
I want to play basketball bit fear I am too short.?
are seats in section 120 row 1 at the United Center good seats for a Bulls game?
How can Paul Heyman be disrespectful to a beautiful lady in Renee Young?
Who thinks Bernie Miklasz's criticism of the Blues after their loss to LA Kings last year was unfair? Why?
Is ultimate warrior and Batista related?
What is your favorite royal rumble, wrestemania, summerlsam and survivor series?
One for American soccer fan who will win then eat the oversized meal from the super bowl ?
should Randy Orton be fined?
Do you think JBL would be a good political aid?
Will the Shield break up when Dean Ambrose cheats on Roman with the New Age Outlaws?
Do you think WWE chose Randy Orton to bury Kofi Kingston because Kofi Kingston is black?
Do you think Alex Rodriguez will ever play in an MLB game again?
does anybody else think paul heyman and brock lesnar can turn face if jim cornette returns?
Since AJ Lee is going to pass the record of holding the Divas title, shouldn't she have defended the title?
WS Do you think Paul Heyman will betray Brock Lesnar again like he did 11 years ago?
Are you ready and excited to watch Kofi get destroyed by Randy Orton?
which martial arts is right for me?
what is the weight of the 2013 specialized crux e5?
If they are planning on keeping the titles unified then why??
Is Big Show trying to pick up a fight with Brock Lesnar the most \boneheaded\ move in WWE history?
what are the benefits and risks of playing rugby?
What sports can I start at 17?
Your thoughts on Paul Heyman telling Renee Young \Beauty is really skin deep around here, huh Renee\?
Could I play high school safety?
Does Paul Heyman Like saying Brock Lesnar?
Do you think Ohio State can win the Big Ten Championship next year?
If Brock Lesnar listened to Fatboy Slim, would he Eat Sleep Rave Repeat?
Why are old people so rude?
When to stop running?
Why does no one care about the suberbowl halftime show?
did kane get shorter or did orton get taller?
has hell frozen over?
why do soccer games play during the day?
Are you proud that Ultimate Warrior is finally going in the HOF 2014?
What do you think of the Ultimate Warrior getting inducted into wwe hall of fame?
Which sport is more running? Rugby 7's or Soccer?
What do y'all think of the new college playoff system?
Too late to join football?
Is my football Jersey a fake?
Which should I play, Safety or Corner?
Colin Kaepernick, or Tom Brady right now?
Colin Kaepernick, or Tom Brady right now?
Is it possible the N.A.O. left during the match was because they're older and got tired?
Which of these are your favorite WWE Pay-Per-View matches of 2012?
Am I going to lose my position for ice hockey?
Do you think Naomi should have a \Stink face\ move like Rikishi?
Are there any legal issues regarding fighting in sports?
What do you think about JBL wanting to argue with Michael Cole and Jerry \The King\ Lawler?
WS Do you think The New Age Outlaws betrayed CM Punk because they are Friends with HHH?
could you imagine if the San Francisco 49ers played soccer?
Who is that 14 year old slut carrying the Divas title belt?
Reigns really hurt Punk didn't he?
2014 superbowl halftime show?! What do you expect?!?
Why did NAO walk away from the match?
What do you think was Aaliyah's reaction when the NAO left CM Punk?
are free standing smart punching bags good or bad?
looking for a good beginner cruiser?
Would cm punk joining the shield ever happen ?
2014 superbowl halftime show?! What do you expect?
NFL- What do you think of Kaepernick doing Newtons superman celebration?
What do you think was Triple H's reaction when the NAO walked out?
Who else thought Punk teaming with NAO made no sense?
Did the N.A.O. walk out on the match because the fans chanted \You can't wrestle\ at them?
Swimming advice really needed!(:?
Wow what a Cold-Blooded, immature, dissssssgusting move by WWE VETERANS?
Can you blame the NAO?
keeping bait on a hook?
WTF just happened in this match?
Which position for footballq?
Is Kane Vince McMahon's favorite demon?
Why is Seth Rollins getting you can't wrestle chants every time he gets tagge in?
What do you think about AJ Lee winning the Maxim cover poll with over 80% of the vote?
Name five wrestlers that you wished you can see them in their primes?
Is Amir Khan glass jawed or defence poor..?
roman regins should be a single wrestler?
How can i see the begining of tonights raw?
Wrestling section: What if Kane is really with The Wyatt Family?
Why exactly did new age outlaws go away?
What if the Colts were relocating back to Baltimore?....?
Do you agree that the members of New Age Outlaws are in better shape and stronger then Roman Reigns?
WS Do you want The New Age Outlaws to stay a little longer in WWE?
Who's going to win a ring first? D.Howard or Kevin Love?
Climbing Mt. Elbert, CO in March. Tips?
Are expectations for the chargers much higher next season?
Did CM Punk cut his fingers on the ramp?
WRESTLING : When they say 2 words, SUCK IT...ummm, what are they're talking about?
Can someone please tell me what song was playing during the two minute warning on nfl fox? carolina vs 49ers?
Why don't professial tennis players get massive arm muscles?
How to dress like a free style skier?
Should Masahiro Tanaka sign with the Mariners or the Angels?
What should the bengals do to get better?
How would a Colts jersey look, if the team remained in Baltimore?
Do you think that WMD Big Show gave Zeb Colter will help him change his views on immigration?
I'm a girl and I want to start trying some rails and jumps on a snowboard. What should start with?
who will play in the Superbowl? And win it?
Kind of ironic that Big Show just knocked out a veteran and now they show an ad for Hire Heroes isn't it?
Well Chargers fans, (and Cardinals fans) as a Titans fan, how should I feel about Ken Whisenhunt?
Why was the crowd cheering with the Big Show K'O Zeb Colter?
Parents won't let me try out for baseball?
Adidas predator absolado lz trx fog VS Adidas predator absolian lz trx fg?
carring a co2 pistol while bike riding in pa and ohio, legal?
What problem is the big show?
How do I get in shape for track?
Wrestling section: Would you want to see a match between Hogan and one of the Real Americans?
Who do you think Liverpool should sign?
Why do some fans obsess over coaches who were fired by their teams more than a year ago?
Will the lions hire Gary kubiak?
What do you think of JBL saying Brock Lesnar is in trouble?
What do you think was the Wyatt's reaction when they have to fight In a steel cage?
Do you have to know a lot to play punt return or kick return?
which drug is given to columbian fighter Dolor in Undisputed 3?
who do you think is going to the superbowl and who do you think will win?
A model in an ad looks like my son. How do I find out who it is? It is uncanny, my son found the picture.?
WRESTLING : TRUE/FALSE : WWE NETWORK is nothing but a (SCAM)?
What do you think of Michael Cole telling Jerry Lawler old school Raw was last week?
What happened to the Authority?
What exactly is a director of operations?
Should fans of a franchise rejected by Kenny Whisenhunt be worried?
Anyone with hunting experience out there?
What are some of good Backpack brands in India?
How long will it take me to get abs?
Please Help! How do I lower my 2k time?
Why do the WWE writers make John Cena's AA move look so devastating and dangerous?
WWE- Why does CM Punk and The Shield keep fighting?
Anyone else tired of the NAO vs The Shield?
Good grief!? How did John Cena put Damien Sandow in that AA after Sandow put the STF on him?
Did MLB did more damage to itself with the Tony Bosch interview on 60 Minutes? Why or why not?
WRESTLING : How would you rate CENA vs SANDOW?
Not football related: Do you guys remember...?
barry bonds pre / post roids?
Who else wanted Damien Sandow to win?
Should I buy a new baseball glove or cycling stuff?
Is Cena getting a taste of his own medicine?
How can i see the begining of tonights raw?
will brock lesnar be on raw tonight?
What do some people have against John Cena?
Would you like to visit the city of Chicago?
What do you think about Damian Sandow being the only child and he still wasn't his mom's favorite son?
Can any swimmers help me out a bit?
WWE- Will John Cena lose this match?
When did Jerry Lawler exactly turned face on commentary?
How do I assemble the saiga 12 bolt assembly?
kobe bryant is not a qreat scorer because he never averaqed more than 30 points in a season?
Why is Lilian Garcia announcing on Raw tonight?
Why does Manning shout Obama's name before every snap?
WS Why do fans want Daniel Bryan as a Face?
If Damiem Sandow is \smarter\ than us, why does his shirt have \you\ misspelled?
If Tom Brady and the rest of his band of yo yos jumped off a cliff, would you follow them?
So, is WWE going to just make Bryan and the Wyatts keep losing?
If you were in the Wyatt family would you sacrifice yourself after a loss?
What do you think about Payton \Ohama!\\Ohama!\\Ohama!\ Manning?
camping without using a camp ground OHIO?
Which would you rather watch play, a quarterback or a wide reciever?
camping without using a camp ground OHIO?
Make a team name out of these letters?
Why is your league so bad now?
Did anyone else kind of laugh at Daniel Bryan sacrificing himself tonight on Raw?
How many times do you think Michael Cole will mention the WWE network tonight?
Why does Bray Wyatt have to wrestle in a shirt?
What do you think of my mock draft?
Are super super excited that John Cena will be in action?
What would you say if you was giving a \life mic \ @wwe/universe?
Would I Make AnGood Linebacker?
Do you think the first inductee of WWE HOF 2014 will be announced tonight?
New Chicago Cubs Mascot?
Should NFL coaches be allowed to interview before (or during) the playoffs for another team? (Whisenhunt)?
Are the DK BMX Bikes sold at Walmart any good? If not does DK still make high end bikes?
Is Bud Selig a coward for refusing to leave Milwaukee and face A-Rod in New York City?
After a safety is a punt required or can the kicking team placekick the ball as they would on a kickoff?
Why the hell did I barely get put in during volleyball?
Boxing: Are you good with Stevenson as the 2013 Ring Fighter of the Year?
Would having RAW a four hour program, good for business?
Swimming is a hard sport?
Do you think wwe network will be a big hit for wwe?
WRESTLING : Can you ever imagine BRAY WYATT as a face?
Who's a tougher team Mentally and Physically: Broncos or Patriots?
Is Daniel Bryan guarenteed on a constant losing streak?
Why do they keep playing that Wyatt family Daniel Bryan promo?
Are Real Madrid fans being hypocritical?
Is the Cubs/Cardinals rivalry dead?
Do you think Rajon Rondo will play at all this season?
When is best to hunt whitetail sheds?
What was Ronaldo's best performance in 2013?
MFS: Who is the better Mexican figter?
My parents don't wont my to take mma classes...?
WRESTLING : If you were to work for the wwe, which position would you take?
Which wwe diva has the best body to you?
is the beast brock gunna be on Raw tonight to destroy bigshow or no?
Why do ski racers practice in GS suits??
When was the last time Lamar Odom played basketball?
Which is ye better bike to buy? Here is a picture of ye kxf you will see the rmz in my first message?
Which is ye better bike to buy? Here is a picture of ye kxf you will see the rmz in my first message?
Has a referee ever scored a goal during a game of soccer?
Surfing: Snap on foam top board??
What's the name of this early 90's punching bag?
Competitive swimming?
Should I buy this bike?
What do you think about there being no faces and heels in the wwe?
Did you know the MCG once had a reversible grandstand and still has a loo with a view?
Can baseball trainer shoes be used for regular use/other sports?
Does anybody know how to duplicate madden ultimate team cards for madden 25, xbox 360?
Who do you want to win the EL?
What running shoes should i get next?
where can I find mens baseball cleats in size 18?
Who has a better passer rating in the post season....Peyton Manning or Tom Brady?
Did Christina Ronaldo deserve the Ballon D'or over Ribbery?
Whats worse, getting caught using Steroids or being traded to the cubs?
How fast does a snowmobile go?
Any tips for riding a 450f dirtbike on trail?
how can i buy WWE shares if I am outside the US?
Professional Wrestling: Matt Hardy Vs Jeff Hardy/People bashing Jeff Hardy's In-Ring work?
Was Anthony Bosch being fed answers through an ear piece?
LOL did anyone see what Messi girlfriend did ?
How can I land ollies while riding?????! Please Help!?
Has a referee ever scored a goal some how in soccer?
Lions fans - In all honesty If tommorow you read that lions hired JIM FREAKING CALDWELL ?
Who else loves when Patriots haters bring up spygate every time the Pats win a game?
how do people hit hard in football?
I am a female wanted to gain muscle can I still run?
Should Dwight Evans be in the Hall of Fame?
Should Cain Velasquez just hand his UFC Heavyweight Title over to Browne since he will lose to him? If not why?
How to improve in running?
Is it too late for basketball?
Will I get to do motocross in the special olympics?
If my Dolphins can beat the PatrCheats than why can't the Broncos ROFL?
Do you think the World Cup will live up to all the hype?
who are the top 20 smartest people in the wwe? and i mean in real life not there charactars?
Who don't more people criticize Michael Jordan for being by far the most ball dominant guard of all time?
best team in the NHL,now?!?!?
Who's hotter: Maria Kanellis vs Aksana?
Any Female/Diva wrestlers over age 35?
Professional Wrestling: You can't Fire them, How would you use these WWE Wrestlers?
What to do to swim in college?
Weapons: 30-06 bullet drop?
Why don't they have a Syrian national side?
Who should San Diego hire as their new Offensive Coordinator?
What position should I work towards in football?
What do you think of this WM30 match idea?
Who's hotter: Gail Kim or Kaitlyn?
Why do leagues like Premier League get more attention than MLS in US?
What does \Omaha\ mean Peyton Manning was yelling this a lot yesterday?
How to get stronger for softball?
Well, It looks like I'm going to skip the 2014 Lions season ....?
what food and drinks can be taken into Sydney Cricket ground?
Did you watch 60Mins about A-Rod last night? Thoughts?
are women allowed to be a head coach in the NFL?
What is the best driver in moto GP?
Will there be anymore big superstars like john cena that will carry the company for years anymore?
Should i buy these Jordans off this person in Ebay?
Generating speed on a wave?
Spanish foootball section whats your fav TV programe?
Do you guys actually play football?
Am I too tall to be a jockey?
Who would win in a brawl Daniel Wyatt(Daniel Bryan) or Damien Sandow?
How do I improve my speed when I'm running?
Who else thinks Messi and Ronaldo are both major cvnts who represent everything that is wrong with football?
Question about the Montreal screwjob?
Any fitness bands, or chips or anything to track soccer?
Will Bill Belichick win Coach of the Year?
prime Roy Jones Jr in the cage.?
Should Tom Brady even bother throwing the ball Sunday, or should he save his arm?
I'm 13 and female and i want to start hockey!?
Who do you think has the Best all time Celebration Dance in NFL history?
Did Ronaldo cried @ Ballon dor ceremony?
Is Golf or Softball a better offseason sport for a hockey player?
I'm 18years old 6'1 1/2 domination still got years to get taller is there another growth spurt?
How to be safe/avoid pain when cliff-diving/tombstoning?
OMG CAN WE JUST DEAL WITH IT AND FORGET ABOUT IT?
Is the famous buff Scott Steiner same guy as the taller but leaner guy with the black mullet?
What would be your Walk Up Music be if you were a major league Baseball Player?
WRESTLING : Don't you think the wwe had better matches/feuds during PEOPLE POWER?
Is TFC a contender this year in the MLS?
Similar 5k events to the ones in the description?
why didn't Tom Cleverly win the ballon dor?
Which cities will get a team?
What should I do to improve my 40 time?
Should I wrestle for my high school team?
Which Postseason record is more impressive?
How do you think Danny Welbeck would do in the La Liga......?
Is received wisdom responsible for this Messi and Ronaldo thing?
would you rather see ortiz get a rematch with mayweather then khan?
Anyone who plays soccer i need advice?
Do coaches choose your jersey number or can you choose it?
What jersey number should I have for baseball?
How far do you think England will make in the World Cup?
Do you think Messi is honoured to be mentioned along side Cristiano Ronaldo?
When will we See Ken Griffey Jr in the Hall of fame will he be 1st ballot?
Rate of weight loss(water weight) in a sauna?
What do you think of a Player Mocking another Players Celebration Dance/gestures ?
What could I use to weight my hands?
Who won the Super Bowl?
only the umpire can stop play by calling time in a game?
What is Payton's obsession with \Omaha!\ and why does he shout constantly even on the sidelines?
Henderson or Cleverley?
What will it take for Danny Welbeck to stop being called a \rubbish\ player..?
Torres or Bony..........?
If Lesnar would've gotten into MMA earlier than he did, would he have had a better record than he did?
How to improve my 40 yard dash, shuttle time, and broad jump?
If i run the 800m and 100m hurdles, what spikes should i get?
Giroud or Welbeck...?
Is a Smith And Wesson SD9VE 9mm good?
How heavy can you be when crowd surfing?
Do you think when Undertaker retires it'll also be the end of his type of gimmick?
can a Ncstar laser fit on a beretta?
How lucky were Arsenal tonight?
Do you live in the same city as your favorite NFL team?
Could I get into a pro MMA fight without a gym reference?
Sturridge or Benteke.....?
If Brady walks out of Denver with W on Sunday?
One Ballon d'or while in the EPL and another one while playing in La Liga, that's CR7 for you?
Are skyfish rods demonic UFOs ?
sad day for football?
is there a water source in the cedar rapids?
Does anyone else think the gap between Messi and Ronaldo is bigger than the gap from Ronaldo to the...?
what is the dallas cowboys 2014 schedule?
Why do I keep missing shots in basketball?
what is the dallas cowboys 2014 schedule?
What show do you like better: WWE or South Park?
why are my legs shaking after track practice?
How much does Barca pay Fifa?
Aston Villa looked more dangerous than Tottenham yes?
What did you think about the Ballon d'Or?
Is Tom Brady the greatest story in the History of the NFL?
seeking a men's realigh vintage bike?
Do you think Thomas Eisfield should get called up to the Arsenal F.C. first team this season?
What would be your best team of 2013?
Train to be a golfer.?
Should I join my high school swim team?
Did you know Alaba was only the 8th highest voted defender by FIFA?
Liverpool and Manchester United have won 121 trophies in both domestic and european football between them ?
How to start running long distance and improve your time?
What are your thoughts on Iniesta as a player ? He's career in general?
Is Derrick Rose coming back to play on Valentines Day?
Is it possible for Liverpool and Man Utd to 'swap' 3 players each and improve their teams ?
Would it be a good time to buy?
The virtue of empathy often requries and goes hand - in-hand with?
Has Martial Arts helped you in a street fight?
Does Mark Chapman’s never ending bland smiling falseness annoy you?
TOM BRADY TO JOIN THE JETS?!?!,?
how many bets are ideal parlbet options?
What is better? Running wise.?
I am looking for professional fitness advice ?
Why haven't I received my Yahoo Fantasy Football winnnings yet?
What was the fifa team of the year?
how do antagonist muscles work with each other to produce a smooth golf swing?
Can joba chamberlin become a starter again or is setup man the place he belongs?
can you step on fighters stomach (MMA)?
Is Ryback the best wrestler in WWE history?
Is Derek Jester is he still buddy's with A-Rod?
Should Tom Brady leave the patriots and join another team??
Why is Englands youth coaching so poor that English clubs buy foreign youth players ?
who's on top of the league?
WRESTLING : Who would you rather see as our wwe undisputed champion : BRYAN or REIGNS?
Is Januzaj even half as good as one foot of Rahim Sterling?
Why don't Arsenal buy Benteke?
What is the Issue between Golden Boy and Top Rank?
If you have sometime read This article by Clark Whitney on why ronaldo didn't deserve the balon d or?
Why do y'all think that you have the best youth players in the world?
Does anyone have any WrestleMania predictions?
Danny Welbeck has scored 1 goal for every 3 shots he's had this season..?
Why do people constantly bring up the past?
Who is currently the best player in the Rangers team?
expensive London Olympic sport list?
Why doesint Pacqiuoa want a rematch with Tim Bradly?
How Can I Dive Better Into A Pool?
Great game for Gnabry?
Anyone else find this quite funny? An American speaking about his love for the World Cup?
Tips on how to stop False starting?
who's better cristiano ronaldo or peyton manning ?
Why do people not realize this?
I'm 13 I'm 5'8 I weigh 205 am i too big or not big enough to be a linebacker?
Will Mitch be gone til Movember?
Can you play goalie with regular hockey ice skates?
Gio having a great game?
How do I make a stat correction in Yahoo! fantasy hockey?
Ski and Snowboard in one.?
Melon Q on Football of the week? I have no toilet paper should i use my fave match programme instead?
Why are people questioning the inclusion of neynar and alves?
Good bows for a beginner? Will choose best answer!?
should nhl broadcasts have a special mute option for Pierre McGuire?
Does Virgil Hunter really believe Khan can beat Mayweather?
So did the extension help C.Ronaldo or not?
Have Arsenal won or dropped points ?
Will FIFA fix it for England to win the world cup ?
why are defensive backs allowed to hit a player after they score?
There's no way you can convince me that the Ballon D'or awards don't go to the highest bidder.?
Would you rather watch Slamball, NCAA basketball, or NBA?
Why are English players so bad?
Why can't people just accept the fact that Tom Brady is better than Peyton Manning?
So Arsenal fans - looks like you're 'gunning' towards 1st spot again ?
Is it appropriate to take a 16 month old girl to an MMA fight?
Who should be my favorite team?
Danny Welbeck has the 3rd best shot conversion rate in the EPL...?
Do Black people in Canada show interest in Ice Hockey?
When will Matt Hardy open his own wrestling school?
Farooq abdullah recent PSO is indian n smart too can any one tell me his name plzz?
Do the cheaper cheap body rider fan bikes last long?
You think wwe wrestlemania will be a bigger hit than last year's?
Why does WWE wanna fire Ryback?
What skis do you recommend?
Where can I buy numbering for Real Madrid Jersey?
how to use a foot pump for inflating a kayak?
What do you think of this scarf ? Ouch :0?
Need major help R870 barrel?
Lift ticket for night skiing at Keystone?
How long will Rose last next season before going out with another major injury?
Neymar came 5th in the Ballon D'or?! LOL?
How many Champions League titles has Ronaldo won at Real Madrid?
What do premier league players have to do??? is FIFA corrupt and on drugs?
Should I quit playing basketball?
Cristiano Ronaldo wins the Ballon D'Or. Would this be the only trophy he'll win this year? Thoughts?
Madden NFL 25 Team PS4?
running 14.4w led light strip off 12v battery? is that safe?
Did you know that CR beat injured Messi only by 3,27% of the votes?
why so many people hate messi?
Now that Broncos CB Chris Harris is done for the playoffs, can we book the Patriots a flight to New Jersey?
Isn't Scotland such a lovely country?
best time to run alone?
NFC CHAMPIONSHIP: Colin is peaking? Wilson is in slump?
How to run long distances without getting tired?
Can you join football/soccer clubs even if ur not good?
is it legal to download music from cricket muve ?
Ronaldo and ribery balon d or?
What is your favorite type of knife?
Type of Snowboard and size?
what age do the english learn morris dancing?
Who has won more Champions leagues out of Messi and Ronaldo?
Are the new Nike Mercurial Vapor IX CR7 Galaxy boots good for goalkeepers?
The hate for Ronaldo winning the Ballon d'or is disgusting?
any websites for real jersey?
Has Ribery ever won the champions league?
Did Ronaldo win the Champions league in 2013?
why was nani not in the fifa pro team?
I'm gonna coach 8-10 year old flag football. Need advice!?
Why the hell was Xavi In the Fifa Pro team ?? And not Toure or Schweinsteger ?
True or False: Arod will be at spring training 14'?
Are Man City really willing to pay 30 million for Luke Shaw?
which teams will go to the Superbowl? Who wins? and whats the score?
Football strategy: I'm gonna coach, need advice?
How many Champions leagues has Ronaldo won?
Will Arsenal go top tonight?
What is Lionel Messi such a sore loser?
CR won the award okay?
If alosiha aka Isis were to return to wwe would she be better a fun loving face or the big bad girl rep?
Can you take a country serious when their men wear skirts .......?
Do you see wwe progressing Naomi, Cameron , or jojo at all in their careers?
Is Ballon dor similar to wrestling?
Lol FIFA never notices any EPL players for the Fifa Pro team! How long has it been ?? Toure, Kompany ?
Is there a bigger hypocrite on this planet than C.Ronaldo....?
Should i get a Baker, Chocolate, or Plan B skateboard deck?
Only reason Ronaldo wins balon d'or is because he didn't win last year ?
How should a lanky guy fight in Muay Thai?
Do you have to be European to win the Ballon d'or?
so fellow ABE supporters what banner should we follow this June?
One of the best midfield players in the world - yet not mentioned enough ?
Bendtner wins FIFA Ballon d'or 2014?
Is there a way to find out who got voted 4th, 5th, 6th... for the Ballon D'or?
Is Fifa one of the most currupt organisations?
Was the series between the grizzlies and spurs rigged last year?
Is there any way to get Supercross shirts from your city?
so man utd players up for the big award tonight?
18 Years old; Want to buy a shotgun - How?
who is more likely to win Australia open 2014 ?
Did you watch the Ballon'dor?
How did Subotic and Schweinsteiger not come ahead of Ramos and Iniesta?
For the good of Football CR7 won it! Deserved this award he did , I hear Barca fans cried too, Messi?
Who are the sponsors of the following tennis players?
Currently who is the best football player in the world?
So what's the deal with Matt Ryan and his Happy Feet?
Chances in college track?
Can Cristiano beat Messi's record of winning 4 Ballon d'or awards?
Is Everett Golson going to take Notre Dame back to the BCS Championship game next year?
Did you see the final voting percentages?
Soccer: What ? I'm pretty sure this section is infested now, isn't it?
Which game are you more excited to see: 49ers-'Hawks or Brady-Manning?
Any good NBA teams that have bad small forwards?
Noise Reducing Shoes - what kind there are and where can I buy such?
any one know how to contact Michael Chavka the airgun stock maker?
What skateboard should I get?
Who would have won had they played in the playoffs?
Do you think physical appearance of the Ballon Dor finalists played some kind of role in selecting the winner?
is muve music from cricket free is it legal to download music?
Will Arsenal knock City off the TOP tonight ?
Cristiano Ronaldo Best Player in the World!?
where can I buy .22 lr ammo?
The best player in the world was robbed of the Ballon D'or today?
Anybody else think Barcelona was over represented considering how Bayern Munich dominated them completely?
NMFSR: Cristiano<3 won the Ballon d'Or, thoughts?
Are the forty-whiners going to cry and whine when they lose and get sent home this Sunday?
Opinions on MTeck Knives?
Why do ignorant people downplay Tom Bradys Greatness with \spygate\?
HOW did Ronald win that Ballon Door?
good durable accurate ar 15 barrel?
Why does Sep Blatter hate England so much?
Seahawks fans: '05-'06 Vs. '13-'14 ...winner?
Do you agree that the better wrestlers in North America comes from ROH?
Did Messi's injury win Ronaldo that Balon d'or?
Let's put the Balon d'Or aside?
Did you feel like crying with Cristiano Ronaldo after he won the Ballon D'or award?
How important is it for Peyton Manning to win his 2nd Super Bowl?
I run 9.60 in a 100m it is on a track what time do think I will run in electric clock?
I will be gladly admit it...?
Trek, Cannondale, or Giant?
Did anyone actually see any real tears come out of Ronaldo's eyes?
Antonella Roccuzzo vs Irina shayk ? who's hotter ?
Would I be able to own an all black pro skirmish gas pistol if my parents bought it?
In the penalty box question?
Congratulations to ronaldo for winning the balon d'or?
Is this the Ryback Rules?
so rangers see sense and sack their manager?
The greatest player of all time finally does it again ?
Friends i want a stylist bike speed is important, i already have a new apache 160 hyper edge ,but now i think?
Do you think Moyes can ever match the greatest ever manager......?
Market Trader Moyes spotted in Italy today ?
MFS: What are the best cars to bump Corridos in?
You gotta love that suit Lionel Messi is wearing?
Rate my FIFA 13 Career Mode!!!?
Nxt wrestling school?
How's the surf in New Jersey?
Did you see that disgusting challenge on Nasri yesterday?
What teams in Npower league 1 (2013-2014) have red and white kits?
I think Dante should have been in FIFA lineup with Schweinstieger and Goetze perhaps?
Where can i watch sports online for free and no steaming?
Should Tom Brady actually have 6 Super Bowl rings?
Anyone else think Eric Decker was trying to throw the game?
Agree/Disagree Del Rio would kick Batistas @ss in a real fight?
Did God send Celtic F.C. Fans down from Heaven...?
Who do you think will be the Final Four in the Royal Rumble match?
Youth or regular longbow?
Who is the model host for the Fifa Ballon dOr 2013?
Thoughts on Pardue's apology ?
mountain bike for a short newbie?
Anybody else want to congratulate Jupp Heynckes for winning 2013 FIFA Ballon D'or Coach of the Year?
Where do you think tre mason will go in the nfl draft?
Who is that fit women presenting the Ballon d'or?
When you see the word \Delusion\ - What comes in your mind at first instance ?
Was it Tom Brady who gave up two leads in the final minute during his last two Superbowls?
if bowler take two wickets on two consective ball s and on third bowl batsman is run out is this called hatrk?
Whilst I am watching this Ballon D'or award.....?
Don't you think the Arsenal \Invincibles\ are rather pathetic...?
What are some good ways to stretch your horse before a ride/race?
Do I still have a chance if I start training for boxing at the age of 22 to become pro?
So Jupp Heynecks won the Coach of the year award?? David Moyes was robbed?
Whos a better wrestler chris jericho or cm punk?
Surprise, Surprise guess who this sicko supports?
Do any teams have a large Malaysian fan base?
Broncos or Patriots this coming Sunday?
Which player is best ?
Would Tom Brady be a better QB if his defense hadn't given up the lead twice against the Giants?
Are there a many Finnish teams?
Who is higher in the table?
Need a treadmill to avoid laziness?
Can this Arsenal team finally break their trophy drought?
Are Man United above Everton yet?
Who's fans are worse Cm punk or john Cena?
Air rifles: Walther talon .25 or Browning leverage .22? Opinions? Price is not of concern?
How tired do you get after boxing training?
I'm having a problem with a golf 1 chico when I'm driving above 80km it starts having hiccups.?
Could I become a pro skateboarder?
When Tom Brady wins another Superbowl this year, will that close the debate?
How many trophies Man utd have won since Arsenal last won a trophy ?
Why hasn't Tom Brady won any Super Bowls post-spygate,?
What do you hate about Cm punk?
Anybody else notice the FIFA team was dominated by Bayern Munich and La Liga players?
what is the best ar-15?
Who should get coach of the year in the NFL?
Give your picks for the rest of the NFL playoffs?
What would be a good golf tournament name for an organization that works with brain injury survivors?
Did NBA Players tryout for their high school teams or were they just given the spot?
Why even have an AFC title game? The Patrcheats are no match for the Broncos GOAT offense?
Cavs lose to Kings 80-124 a couple days ago...has any team been beaten worse this season?
omg are you guys seeing fernanda limas dress?
Which team is insulted more?
4 questions about me playing nfl?
Should i swim a meet if i havent trained?
If I run 9.60 stop watch in a 100m what time I willrun in electric clock?
Should promotion & relegation be introduced to the English Aviva Premiership?
Why am I so jealous of Celtic's squad?
Why is the symbol for women's toilets....?
Where did the Chargers go wrong yesterday against the Broncos? What should have the done to beat them?
Nose Bleeds, when dive into water?
How many other FINISHED clubs in the world?
Nose Bleeds, when dive into water?
how would this team do in barclays premier league?
Trainer said I should emulate Sugar Ray Leonard?
What dixi do with aj styles.was its unscripted/shoot?
how would this soccer team do in the liga mx?
Iam in India.I want to buy Benjamin marauder .22 cal pcp air rifle from amazon.com?
Should alaistar cook play in ipl to regain his lost form?
Light and Compact pop-up tent?
How many goals do you think we will concede VS Chelsea?
How do you think the Panthers will change their offense next season?
Do you guys pull for or against The Undertaker at Wrestlemania?
if the Lakers basketball team played football against the Ravens would they win?
Where do YOU obtain all your football knowledge from?
John Guidetti, biggest waste of talent in world football?
why does wwe.com say goldberg is undefeated in WCW?
How can I attract deer?
What was the WWE big announcement?
My Current Wrestlemania XXX Card, What's Yours?
How do countries qualify for the World Cup ?
Raheem Sterling vs Theo Walcott?
Anyone help me please! How i can to get in the pro basketball?
Which channel will broadcast the 2013 Ballon D'Or in India?
Did Peyton manning get paid his full 90 million?
Which superstars do you think will be this years Mystery Entrants in the Royal Rumble?
do you guys think Demar DeRozan will make the NBA all star team? do you think he deserves to?
How can anyone even compare Tom Brady and Peyton Manning?
what is a good workout plan for football (soccer)?
Where can I find a blue Chris Webber or black Tim Duncan logo free NCAA jersey?
what is a good workout plan for football (soccer)?
Will the wwe network stream raw live?
100M water resistant watch?
Will Aston Villa be buying players from English Div 1/2 this month.?
Which bike handles better in corners cbr250r or duke 200?
What do you think of this nba team?
Does the longer the barrel on the rifle mean more power in the bullet coming out?
Thoughts on FIFA XI of the year?
Who is a better wrestler Aj Styles or Davey Richards?
Why do batsmen in Cricket run when they know they've gotten a boundary?
Who do you want to win the AFC & NFC Championship?
What is your 2013 team of the year?
Which two players do you want to see playing for one team in IPL?
How can I become a Premier League Referee?
Is Tracy McGrady a top 20 Alltime Based on (((SKILL))))?
How would Gene Upshaw handle the NFL Now?
who will be the next head coah of the Titans?
Will Suarez Break ronaldo&Shearer Record?
Why do quarterbacks yell, \omaha\ or \180\ before calling for the snap of the football?
is 35 to old for me to start barrel racing?
Do you think the chances are that the following Superstars will return at the Royal Rumble?
Who Side Are You On In College Basketball: Louisville Cardinals Or Kentucky Wildcats?
Would it be a good judgement of someone calling himself a cricket fan, underestimates...?
When Ronaldo wins Ballond'or, it would be the classic Hardwork wins ?
What matches do you think are best for business on Monday Night Raw tonight?
Why did the Bears keep Mel Tucker?
Why do people forget this is ozil's first season in PL?
49ers to beat seahawks?
Is Adrian Peterson a bad father?
Hall of Famers returning at wrestlemania?
Why do people say Giggs is one of a kind when he isn't?
so united are suddenly title challengers because they beat swansea?
NFC Championship: will Seahawks welcome Niners with a deluge?
How to lose weight by Running ?
SOCCER SCHOLARSHIP IN THE U.S.?
How old is the current Major League Baseball logo?
How to improve in basketball?
Is the echo1 airsoft drum mag for ak's a good magazine?
Who is GTFO and why does he care so much about being liked on here?
If the All-Star Game ends in a tie, who gets World Series home field advantage?
Would you want your favorite team to draft AJ McCarron?
Where is the money coming from?
How does this Manchester United F.C. team look to you..?
Do you Agree that Beckham is far superior to any other non Man utd player in the last 15 years in England ?
Is Anquan Boldin in the top 15 WRS?
Why did Daniel Bryan join The Wyatt Family?
Is it True that Januzaj has 1 less goal than Ozil in 12 LESS starts ?
Anyone gonna watch the Balon d'or later?
Patriots vs broncos. Who wins?
an AR15 or AR22 for practicing at 300 meters?
What time does the Balon D'or start GMT?
NBA 2k14 Association: Cavs or Kings?
Would Jackson Martinez be Arsenal F.C. best choice of signing right now..?
Golf in Ft Lauderdale?
Why does Tampa Bay not use the controversial 1-3-1 forechecking anymore?
How to hekp poor people by using cricket skills?Any ideas please share ?
Who will be next PM of India Kejriwaal Modi or rahul gandhi orDHONI or sachin or shoiab or nawaj sariff?
Which football has played both codes of football?
wat is a concentration camp?
Why do people say Kurt Zouma > Bruno Martins Indi?
As a fan would it trouble you if the NFL admitted that they manipulate games for advertising and marketing?
Predicting Royal Rumble-Wrestlemania 30 Matchcards?
Which are some of the genuine website where I can buy football tickets....?
Are the people laughing off Januzaj the same who laughed off Ronaldo & Beckham ?
What happened to the former Arsenal man Nasri?
Did any results over the weekend make you swing your pants?
Who will win next ashes ?White donkeys or White pigs?+BQ?
Do you think Drew Brees would have won a championship in San Diego?
Will Neil Lemon lead Celtic to the Champions League final this season?
how to get high score in cricket?
what position do you think i could play for my new football team?
Will Nasri Miss the World Cup?
Is it a good idea to use soft tennis ball while playing cricket?
martial art styles using 2 daggers?
Where can I buy a Osprey backpack in Mumbai?
Am i good enough to play junior hockey?
How does conference championship scheduling work?
start playing basketball at the age18,can increase the height?
Do they announce the team of the year today too or?
Thank you San Diego Chargers?
Sting (in his prime) vs. Triple H (today's HHH) who wins, and how?
Does anyone know where can I buy a powerful laser pointer online and get it shipped to Jordan?
Smith and Wesson Model 10-5 Police gun look up?
Will the Phillies or Mets make the postseason in 2014, and which GM/manager of those two teams will be fired?
Who is the most badass cricketer for you?
Tom brady or Peyton manning?
How did you like the 49ers-Panthers game?
Who's a better Player? Chris Bosh, Kevin Garnett, Dirk Nowitzki, Pau Gasol or LaMarcus Aldridge?
Nasri reportedly out for 4 months with a torn vagina... Your thoughts..?
What will be full time score in upcoming match Chelsea vs man utd?
Do you think the Pirates will make the postseason again this year?
Arsenal signed Dutch defender..what?
Finding a good short sword?
What do you think of this revamped Man Utd squad...?
Is Brandon Jennings stupid?
Is it taboo to buy your own belt in brazilian jiu jitsu?
who will win the college football playoff next season?
Hunting with red hair?
Can the level of Indian Domestic Cricket be increased by bringing in the fans?
I need an app for live stream soccer in my iPhone?
difference between yoga and sports?
I need an app that let me watch live football (soccer)matches on my iPhone?
When can I play tennis after ACL Reconstruction?
What has Rowdy Roddy Piper been teasing for the past few days?
what do you call a punch that you slides your glove/arm when it lands so the elbow might hit anythin?
Do you think people are getting a bit melodramatic about the Hearts young players?
How late can I get into red wings game?
What time is the ballon do. R on tonight?
Do you think Brock Lesnar is overrated in UFC?
Im 17, have played semi pro football(UK) but never received money, can i get a scholarship in the usa?
Which EPL player has the best technique ?
Who Will Face Undertaker at Wrestlemania 30? Will It Be Brock Lesnar?
Am I offside (Football)? (I'm 99% certain I'm not!)?
COULD Adnan Januzaj be the best or ONE of the best players in the world in 10 years time?
If you could only watch 1 game next week, which game would it be?
how do you rush/push a guy in the corner legally?
is it better if Jake the snake ROberts returns at Royal Rumble than the Old School RAW?
Air Jordan 1 or Nike Hyperfuse or Nike Hyper Quickness?
If Ryback retires, would you miss seeing him in the ring?
which are the TV Channels Broadcasting India vs New Zealand cricket match 2014?
Do you that think brock lesnar can put down big show in real life?
is this a fair basketball trade? L. Aldridge+T.Wroten for G.Monroe+J.Valanciunas?
How will KP's career in test cricket end?
Help me about inserting DuraAce 7400 RD on my bike!?
Best way to do a ski season?
Which French Ligue 1 football club do you support and why do you support them?
Dream about climbing high staircase with my grandpa and uncle?
Run run run the bastards over?
Dont lecture me i just want to know if its legal for me to ride a 600 cc motorcycle?
Im about to enter a fight... What bad ass thing could I say right before I started to fight?
Is mma for me? Should I try it out?
Most underrated bigmen in the nba today?
How to get bigger for freshman wrestling?
what are the muscles i should train to increase my attack power, speed and defence?
From which sites can I download free Barclays premier league goals and highlights videos?
Is it funny how barca playera come through mardrids youth system and destory them in elclassico?
Should I drop Ray Allen from my NBA fantasy team?
What do you think about the report the Schumacher family?
How are trained fighters different from me?
Using the 2004 Detroit Pistons formula, who would you want on your championship NBA team?
How can i make my bowling 110-120km/h? I bowl around 95-105 km/h im the fastest bowler in my division (u13)?
2 questions? Conditioning and TKD?
are the Panthers still in the playoffs??
POLL -narender modi OR arvind kejriwal OR rahul ganhi or priyanka gandhi?
Is a basketball player's greatness can really be measured in how many championship he won??
In WWE2K14 Does Roman Reigns earn all of the Shield's momentum and have the only finisher?
Is it okay to wear ankle/wrist weight naturally?
Would a 390 ktm duke be the right choice?
A drawing for tickets ?
reliable cheap home defense pistol?
Could you please rank the following players from better to worst?? Kobe, KD and Lebron...?
I feel powerless when I see some incredible strong people?
If Eli and Rivers hadn't got exchanged?
Which bike is better new cbz extreme or honda unicorn or bajaj palser?
Niners or Seahawks. Who do you pick and why?
should I get MLB 2k or MLB the show?
Diving while on your period?
Has anyone here played the game slamball?
Eating oatmeal before running?
Should the Raptors try to get better or worse at the trade deadline?
Barcelona has won 3CL titles in 6 years,how many titles has RM won in the last 10?
hello...i am 24 year old & i want to be a athlete. does it possible & how. i am fresher. please guide me?
Which city do you prefer: Madrid or Barcelona?
Who is the greatest mexican fighter ever?
How come no one can ever defend against Ronda Rousey's arm bar?
Do you konw Fifa 14 Ultimate Team Coins,What does it mean?
which is the best cricket bat in this world?
How much does 11sec sprinter train a week?
What about the size of the ball in Japan vs MLB ?
Good cricket club in bangalore?
Should Moyes just use the same team on Sunday for the game against Chelsea and start Rooney if he is fully fit?
can i become a football player?
Will Adrian Gonzalez ever hit 30 plus homeruns again?
Will Adrian Gonzalez ever hit 30 plus homeruns again?
Will Adrian Gonzalez ever hit 30 plus homeruns again?
Is it possible to go to a Dojo in Japan and train in Ninjutsu?
What sport and what position should I pursue?
Is it allowed to buy BB guns online and have them imported to india? Will there be any problems with customs?
What team should I rebuild in nba 2k14?
How much do you think the avg. defender benchpresses in the bpl?
What kind of exercises should a Centerback do?
so theres this fat really fat?
Missed shots that could have altered NBA history?
Ronaldo or Messi whos better?
What football position should I play?
road bike review please???
Is aikido the best grappling art or what.?
If the Chargers team is as good as the 49ers, will Philip Rivers finally get his ring?
Todays NFL referees.?
Wha size jersey should i wear?
I have been looking for snowboards and wondering if i should get a wide im 5'10 140 lb and boot size 12?
best style of fighting for me?
Tennis Injury: My wrist popped help!!!?? 10 points?
Does anyone else see the uncanny resemblance between Luke Harper and Bruiser Brody?
could you imagine if tiger woods played soccer?
What do you think WWE will do with John Cena at Wrestlemania 30? (Realistically)?
Who will win the series between PAK vs SL?
Please identify the hockey positions in this photo when facing off in the defensive zone.?
Feet placement on a skateboard?
Can NZ win tests against India this time?
where did Deon Sanders get Russel last name Wilson from?
When will ballon d or be announced? Time?
Dancer's first year in track?
Have you ever actually been to Madrid...?
Are there any BB guns that are powered by batteries?
Would a sniper ever use a .223?
School popularity help?! My schools popular girls only play softball?!?
Question to all runners?
Kelly kelly coming back for total divas in 2014?
In What country the supercycle bike made?
What does Packyao say ''toetueoe'' What does that mean?
rock climbing in Auckland, new zealand?
I want to surf? 10 points for best answer!?
Should I try out for my high school football team?
Professional Wrestling: Rank these World Wrestling Entertainment matches from Worst to Best?
Can India show some good result at NZ?
today to stay in the same place to run faster. (maketing management)?
how many belts to the black belt?
What are some other fun activities like surfing?
i need a funny name and number for my fraternity football jersey?
Should Colin Kaepernick date Ronda Rousey....?
Night vision monocular scope, what is it worth?
Will the Patriots win the Super Bowl this year?
Tight End For Football?
Do you have an answer for Patriots running back Lagarrette Blount?
Aren't the fans in the 'Beats by Dre x Colin Kaepernick' spot the perfectly accurate Seahawks fans?
Suggestions for beginners bike?
How to buy ktm duke 125 from india?
What size hockey skates should I get?
Why Is the nba rigged?
How to do a handstand?
I can't describe how disappointed I am! It was their destiny! How could the Chargers lose!?
Do you think A-Rod will play in 2015?
Who would win in this Death Match?
Would you agree that this A-Rod scandal is more entertaining then a Mexican soap opera?
Bullshit going on with NHL.com?
yes! i think this will look lovely in my gym bag! just incase?
Are The New Age Outlaws back?
Does the \No Flight before 24 hours after scuba diving\ apply here?
\Final Four\ Which Team Will be the Final 1?
Casual fans: How are you feeling about the next weeks match-ups?
why such hatred toward boxing?
How to Know where the puck is going to be?
who was the greatest Lite-Heavyweight ever.....and has it always been a \weak\ division?
Is Yoga good for football players?
Is Finchy a wicket keeper? Why was he standing behind the wickets when Serena and Venus were batting?
why does peyton manning yell OMAHA so much when he gets to the line?
Professional Wrestling: You do realize how a minor Rivalry or Rivalry works correct?
Beginning Lifting Program, Is my plan good?
Embarrassing moment playing volleyball?
What wrestler comes to mind when you hear...?
Are New England and SF the hot teams right now?
Are the bolts that hold the seat in place supposed to be tightened at the back or middle of the seat?
Buying a new snowboard?
Does Tim Bradley deserve to fight Floyd Mayweather more Than Pacqiuoa?
What sport do you think I play?
Do You Think the NBA Is Rigged?
How can i get motivated in sports, even though my is not in it? HELP!!!!!!!?
Long Range Radios For Hunting ?
Need advice about joining highschool football?
Any chance the Sixers get Kevin love?
Which type of fan are you?
Which free agent wide receiver is going to receive the largest pay day in the offseason?
would i make varsity of jv football? and whats my best position?
Is A-rod a batchagaloop for trying to have his cronies kill Tony Bosch in Colombia?
Today is 13th January 2014.Who will win the FIFA Ballon D'or?
Airsoft or paintball?
Is this The Queen getting in some practice for when Cook and the team arrive home?
Can I run d3 cross country?
Is Alfonso Soriano a wunderkind for being the only man to reach the 40/40 club without steroids?
What do you think should happen to UFC fighters who are stuck in the middle of the ranks?
I need someone with softball experience to answer please?
who ALSO thinks the patriots are going to win the superbowl?
is club cricket good in kolkata?can u describe a bit?
How should i get a sports sponsorship for my hockey team?
Football recruitment as a offensive and defensive linemen?
why they change balls after 9 games in tennis?
will poison oak be transmitted through a public swimming pool?
When does Nadal play Tomic?
What is the difference between the copa mundials madebin Germany and the ones made in Vietnam ?
What will all you CR lovers do when?
Can I change my bike's wheels to make them bigger?
Diving? I have questions?
I am 14.5 and 5'11.5. Can I still grow a couple inches taller?
Professional Wrestling: Anybody else think New Japn Pro Wrestling is overrated?
When were the four competitive strokes invented?
is it possible for an archery youth bow to shoot far?
Don't you think Hogan vs Sid was a great main event for wrestlemania 8? Better than Hogan vs Flair?
Boxing: If Floyd vacates his 154 title, how would you feel about...?
What deserves the title the game of inches?
what can you do to sleep soundly after a hard day of skiing?
How do I gain Confidence in Basketball plz read.?
Which young teams have the brightest future in the NBA?
Is this a good workout routine?
is the PS vita worth buying?
NFC Championship: Who has the momentum?
Help me figure out a position on the line for American football?
What is the best seats you have ever gotten at an NFL stadium?
Best flies for lake trout?
Broncos fans:During today's playoff game with the Chargers,why were there so many empty seats?
2 stroke vs 4 stroke dirt bikes?
Now that the WWE Network is a reality?
WTF is with everyone all of sudden wanting to build their rifle?
How many nations play Gringo Football?
Which of these 3 basketball shoes has best cushioning?
How do you buy packs on nba 2k 14 my team market?
Does Atlas Have the Hardest start of the Season?
Should I let my son play football?
Anybody out there that are fans of the Bullet Club?
Not sure what to wear skiing?
Why is Indonesia not considered by FIFA?
How do you run a mile in 9 min or less?
Does Serie A football club that match sucks?
Anyone knows about this bike?
Anyone else think the ESPN Sunday NFL Countdown crew is the worst?
1What is a good beginner recurve bow?
How does the supports on a cheetah make it run faster?
what would heat fans do if heat dont 3peat?
I need lacrosse help?
Will the Raw for January 13 have a theme?
All you jelly monsters need to stop being jelly against the yankees?
Can Peyton Manning lead the Broncos to a championship?
Which of these 3 basketball shoes has best cushioning?
Am I getting worse at running or this happens sometime?
Does Herrera have a hard on for Fierro?
I have 9.8125 Inch length and 3.8125 inches width feet size with socks on?
Is Carlos Fierro among the most underrated youth players in the world?
Isn't it true that though out HHH career?
How many picks do the vikings have in the 2014 draft?
Question on the lebron 11?
MFS: A question to the veterans of the MFS?
does every great player have a bad game?
What time will the balon dor be announced tomorrow? and will i be able to stream it?
Will Stacy Keibler succeed as a Movie Star?
I'm 14 I'm 5'9 I weigh 210 what position should I play?
If girls that like baseball players are cleat chasers what would you call a girl who likes soccer players?
How do you cast when pier fishing?
Poll: does A-roid deserve his suspension?
Am I the only one who thinks Bret Hart should be the lead writer for WWE?
What are the basics for playing QB?
How do I get more knowledgable about basketball?
How to win in Madden 25?
Paying NCAA athletes?
In the NFL if you are defending on your own 1 yard line why not keep trying to preemptively blitz?
Is there a way to watch full nba/mlb games from the past?
MFS: Will Carlos Fierro make it to the World Cup?
What do you think of this wrestlemania 30 card?
Should king Lebron leave or stay?
Are racing horses becoming faster and faster as the decades pass..?
Have there ever been any ERA winner since 1970 that finished his/their career with an ERA of 4.00 or higher?
Figure skating dresses?
Hi, I'm starting soccer practice tomorrow and I need to know what position I should try out for?
Do you think any of the feuds in WWE are real?
If a team makes a basket in basketball does the other team have to take the ball out of bounds?
How could any heavyweight boxer of today compare to the mighty Muhammad Ali?
Will a 8.4V Tenergy 1600mAh NiMH Stick Pack Mini Battery work for a Crosman Pulse R76 Tactical AirSoft rifle?
Did you know that the PG era started in 1997 with Bret Hart?
WRESTLING : Which wwe superstar did you find more shocking with their return since 2010?
I just played at Kentavious Caldwell-Pope's old High School (Details in Description)?
Insecure in a swimming suit?
what are your Super Bowl predictions?
Professional Wrestling: World Wrestling Entertainment: unifying both Major and Minor Titles?
Is a Webley Cub a good air rifle to shoot small game with?
How was your teams performance today any club you support: Liga MX, La Liga, EPL, Seria A,or any other league?
WRESTLING : What are a few things the PG era doesn't have....that the ATTITUDE era did?
After today's game how many people still think Kuechly is better than Willis or Bowman?
Should Bobby Grich be in the Hall of Fame?
Would this match up make millions of dollars?
I want to go somewhere adrenaline pumping in New York for my two year. Any recommendations?
If Michael Jordan cameback at age 50 meaning now and in basketball shape how many points would he score?
Why do some receivers line up off the line of scrimmage?
What you think about the Chargers Vs. Broncos game?
What is a mystic tan?
Where can infind a flat black revo speed helmet (XL) online (new)?
Did Leonard really say this?
Are there any hidden fees when buying a gun?
Did Foreman actually say this?
Is it possible that A-Rod could find himself in prison if the court case takes an eerie turn for him?
Who's going to Wrestlemania?
is a frontboard backside 270 out a hard trick?
Did Ali really say this?
Who was better batsman overall . Sunil Gavaskar or Vivian Richards .?
how times did dean ambrose defend the US title?
how to work on being a better striker/forward?
4 questions about me playing football?
I just overheard a voice insist a Broncos 42-28 victory over Seattle--do you know why?
Dragon Lee or Bruce Li?
Did Oscar really say this?
Did Floyd actually say this?
Is Alex Rodriguez mentally insane?
Agree with me? I think the Chargers really need to trade Rivers away like what they did with Brees?
Where can i find flat black revo speed helmets?
Why do the bigoted tweets come mosely come from [Rangers] fans?
Is it fair to say there's a QB controversy in Dallas?
Remember when Deangelo Williams and Johnathan Stewart were Smash and Dash, what happened to them?
Who would win in a 7 game series & why 1995 Rockets vs 1996 Bulls?
is sportsdirect.com using uk size or us(shoe size)?
Who will be the Wolverines QB next year?
Will Philip Rivers win a Super Bowl playing for San Fran or KC instead?
Kirkland vs Lara who wins?
What Myrtle Beach golf course has an island green?
Did you know the 49ner's suck???
Will Canelo vs Angulo go the distance?
Softball or soccer??!?
How can I endorse/help my friend with his basketball?
Will the redskins be less pathetic with Jay Gruden?
Does anyone know the name brand of the gloves Peyton Manning wears?
Battle of the Centers NBA fans: The NBA Finals. The 2001 Lakers versus the 1994 Rockets, who wins?
i have swimming soon?
What was the best round ever?
Is it too late to get an AR-15?
Can I wear Nike pro in volleyball?
This was the first time this happened, wasn't able to get through the Intersection on my MTB?
What happened to the signing of the season \Iago Aspas\?
what are your thoughts on chris Weidman? is he the real deal? overated underated?
Adidas micoach basketball question?
Will the \Brady Bunch\ choke without Gronkowski?
does anyone know whats going on with royler gracie vs eddie bravo 2?
What size chest protector should I buy?
Kevin Durrant or Lebron James?
Why do contestants of open martial arts tournaments dislike contestants who are students of Tae Kwon Do?
How to improve underwater swimming for USCG Rescue Swimmer Fitness Test?
Who do you think will win the Ballon d'Or tomorrow?
Is Phillip Rivers overrated?
Describe the remaining NFL playoff teams?
Seahawks fans: Bruce Irvin in a player's slump?
How much rain would effect a cricket game (grassroots)?
What Michigan jersey is better to get: #2, #10 or #16?
Is Russell Wilson the best QB in the NFL?
When will the 49ers stop being good again?
Why do American “football” players wear so much armour? And why is the “game” 90% advertisements?
Seahawks and Broncos in the Superbowl?
Are you aware that two playoff records can be broken in one game this Sunday?
Ashley Wagner and Mirai Nagasu 2014?
Can I train to be a jockey?
Top 10 NBA Players of All Time?
Where can I get Olympic jerseys for Russia?
why doesn't my pellet gun shoot ?
what is the best motorcycle for sand dunes trail riding and good sized jumps, can enduros jump?
im really sore from conditioning, and I have more conditioning tomorrow?
What will 22. 500 fps kill?
How many teams are left in the Super Bowl?
Is Dwayne Wade already better than Clyde Drexler in NBA history?
Are there videos of umpire dying during game?
Do you think Peyton Manning is going to the Super Bowl over Tom Brady this year?
Fantasy Basketball: Should I trade Michael Carter Williams for Derrick Favors and Jeremy Lin?
Who will be Super Bowl champs??
what channel broadcast will Ballon d' or be on TimeWarner cable?
The San Francisco 49ers and Kansas City Chiefs are equal match ups?
Will wwe network have every single raw and smackdown that has ever aired? please let me know?
How and should I become a professional wrestler?
Corner back Question: What should my primary focus be?
why did rowdy roddy pipers face look different?
what weight pole should i use for pole vaulting?
Doesnt it feel like the AFC is playing for the right to get destroyed by the NFC?
I'm 14. Is it too late to start ice skating?
Could Baltimore get an NBA or NHL team in the near future?
Bronco Fans does the fact that Tom Brady is 10-4 ALL TIME against Peyton Manning worry you?
First time trying out for softball any tips?!?
Will all WWE payperviews be free on the WWE Network?
What is a good food to eat after Karate.?
What food should I eat for grappling?
Who is the best aikido master of all martial arts.?
Professional Wrestling: Do people forget Daniel Bryan got over at Wrestlemania 28?
Who thinks Kaepernick should rub his SuperBowl victory in Alex Smith's face after he wins on February 1?
How would a Baltimore Ravens jersey look, if the team came out in the early 90's?
How would a Ravens jersey look, if the team came out in the early 90's?
Space Cowboy? Do you hate when people answer your questions and have no idea what they're talking about?
What do you think about the following image of Tomasso?
Congrats to the 49ers,Seahawks,Broncos, and Patriots fans.?
How do I become a better basketball player?
What do you think is the most likely Super Bowl matchup?
Football how about 4-3 and 3-4 defense?
I've just been told Joe Ledley is out of contract in the summer.....?
What are the costumes called that speedskaters wear?
Fantasy Basketball: Should I trade Michael Carter Williams for Derrick Favors and Jeremy Lin?
Did the Broncos impress you in their 24-17 win over the Chargers?
How can I improve my shooting and dribbling in basketball?
MFS: Mexico defeats Honduras 10-1 and advances to Semifinals. Thoughts?
how to start parkour/free running where i live?
Why does the screen showing the players stats shake so much here?
What's with the NFL hypocrisy in advertizing?
Im Fat how can improve my running?
What's the average run (yards) for a half back in college football and the NFL?
Places for good culture and surf?
Expectations for the Chargers next year?
Isn't it interesting that this weekend worked out perfectly for the NFL?
How many people said that there won't be a 1st seed both teams in the Super Bowl?
Who do you got in the conference championships?
Is it bad that I ride a stationary semi recumbent bike about 5 times a week?
whats wrong with cuddling?
Is the Great Khali healthy?
Will Carlos Mane ever be as good as Joe Ledley?
Who do you want to go to the super bowl this game?
Do you feel bad when you see a train wreck coming and there's nothing you can do to stop it?
Are Chivas fans expecting a better season?
How to I tell my parents I thinking about not playing baseball anymore?
Are we heading towards overtime? I knew Philip Rivers was gonna win this game for the Chargers...?
NFC Championships: 1849ers @ Seahawks! Prediction?
How to keep middle school basketball score book PLEASE ANSWER!?
Can't get the tampon in.... :/?
Is it possible to shave a full second of in 45 meter hurdles??
nba 2k14 kobe jumper?
Has the collapse begun?
How many games are played in the NFL's Conference Championship?
Which Superstar Gets The Loudest Ovation In The Royal Rumble Match .. !?
Did Philip Rivers forget to wear his Bolo tie sometime in the post season?
I have watched parts of all four football games this week end. Where you impressed, I was bored.?
Top 10 SG in the NBA right now?
Why is the CBS crew second guessing the great Kenny Whisenhunt?
If the Panthers drafted Keenan Allen, would they have ended the season at the 1 seed?
Tips for beggining swimmer? help please?
How is Jose Altidore a professional football player?
PLEASE HELP nhl scoring!!?
How big of a lead are the Patriots gonna give the Broncos this time before they dismantle them again?
Are you at least thankful that the commercials for the movie Ride Along went away in the second half?
How far can the average America run without stopping?
Dimensions for an AR-15?
swimsuit advicee please?
WRESTLING : Who else is sick of watching competitors getting distracted...turn around and fall into a finisher?
Are these refs even trying?
I don't wanna wait, for my life to be over I want to know right now who will it be?
Are the refs blind ? If not then why can't they see that P.Manning almost never comes to a complete?
Do you think the WWE Network will have stuff from the 80's too?
how to build Remington 700 .338 RUM?
How to prepare for wrestling practice?
how many teams have scored more than 5 goals in one match up to now this season?
stretching help for kicking ?
How do CR7 and his fans feel knowing that?
i want to learn how to do a one armed pushup?
what was the final score? between stocke city v liverpool fc?
Which team did alex ferguson play for?
Accreditation for self defense society/class at university?
Can Arturo Vidal be considered anything other than a box to box midfielder?
in 5 months how could a beginner become with intense and consistant training in basketball?
Your thoughts when Stone Cold Steven Austin?
how is training at a high altitude beneficial for an athlete?
Wo do you think that will make it to semifinals in the champions league? :)?
Does the word Omaha mean jump early in southern California?
how to play basketball?
Is it too late for me to drastically improve my flexibility?
Don't you love how Paul Heyman says?
Any and all tips for skeet shooting!?
Will team of the year will be announced tomorrow?
Why did Denver decide to kick a 47 yard fieldgoal into the wind?
Philip Rivers can still win this game for the Chargers. Why people underestimating Philip Rivers?
What state produces the best WWE wrestlers?
What kind of team does this?
5 best box to box mids in the world?
How many neutral zone infraction will chargers give away tonight ? Lol?
Was today Jim Schwartz day in the NFL?
Is there a college basketball stat similar to RPI but less confusing?
What would make Juan Montoya's season in Indycars a success?
European football: which positions are used in a 7 player team?
I've been trying to figure out what year my snowboard is. I know it's a Burton Jussi 159.?
How much worse do the Bengals look today?
Whatever happened to Shawne Merriman?
NFL decals for furniture?
@United fans What did you make of Darren Fletcher's last match?
Did anybody die attempting to run the Disney marathon today?
are kobe 8 machine washable? if not how do you clean them?
Is it possible for me to be a pro footballer or am I living a dream that I will never reach?
Who misses The Legend Killer Randy Orton?
Is chargers vs broncos a really boring game?
what kind of fish are biting at kaweah lake california??!!?
Bad Blood 1997 What was your impression?
Who's a better heel? John Cena or CM Punk?
Is Yaya Toure injured?
Were you hoping for at least one competitive game today?
is it good to run one day then lift the next day continously?
Can you name some examples of very similar players?
What are the best football camps/showcases to attend?
Do you think RAY GUY should be in the Pro Football Hall of Fame?
So, all you fools talking about that bogus curse or good luck charm playing Eagles in their home opener?
What fighting stance i suppose to be in?
Will Chargers OC Kenny Whisenhunt be able to engineer a scoring drive in the second half?
Does anyone know the font on Brock Lesnar's shirt?
Horse Racing Betting ?
Are there any trap/skeet ranges open to public use in Hampton Roads?
Did the Chargers indulge in too much of that legal CO weed this morning?
did luke kuechly play today becsuse i heard he was a good player but i didnt notice him on the field?
Did FC Barcelona and Bilbao play football under compromised conditions during the Spanish civil war?
Why are there so many empty seats in Denver game?
is 1 on or off is 0 on or off?
Does the Uniforms of the Chargers make the players look like midgets?
Is swimming a good exercise, losing weight in general?
You think CM Punk would be much more ripped if he ate meat and protein?
Chelsea bid £20mill for Matic (they sold him for Luiz)?
how popular is Ice Hockey in the USA?
was mayweather scarred of spadora too?
why wont my hockey coach play me?
Gamboa sums up boxing perfectly and says fight vs Garcia will never happen?
Would you be able to work this footballing equation out?
Is Bray Wyatt going to brainwash Brie Bella too and call her Sister Abigail?
Did Man City PAY the refs again today?
Why did the Carolina Panthers take Cam Newton ahead of Colin Kaepernick in the same draft, lol!?
Can anyone offer pointers on getting a really cheap bike?
What football number can I wear?
Who's happy the panther's lost today?
Does it appear that San Diego has failed to *show up* to play today?
Female runners: What apparel do you prefer to wear when you run in the cold?
How much is NFL mobile premium?
thats one pick so far by manning , how much will there be ?
How can I become a more physical runningback?
Which champion will lose their belt last?
Should I stick to the same size when buying Jordans?
Is NCAA division 1 the only way to go pro in soccer in the United States?
Where can i customize a long range hunting rifle online?
Can a sexually active dog swim?
Will the blow that Te'o took to the head...?
Do black people ski? I've never seen black people at the slopes.?
Why are so many people jealous of King Brady?
Isn't the Charger's uniform most impressive?
if not for legal problems where would paul spadafora be today?
Historically, have the 49ers ever won at century link?
When the Patriots lose next week, where will Patsfan end up?
Why was David Motes at the Cagliari vs Juventus game?
Stoke 3-5 Liverpool: Is Sterling a diving CHEAT..?
Can we predict a beat down of chargers in the near future:)?
Is there a Recuting draft to see who's gonna be on my teams?
Do people buy spent cartridges?
What do you think SHOULD happen when?
Which QB will win a Superbowl first, Matt Ryan, Jay Cutler, Tony Romo, or Andy Dalton?
When was the last time CR even scored a free kick?
Which MLB teams are likely to be relocated and where?
Do shorter quarterbacks struggle to see over their own linemen?
Who is more likely to give the Seahawks and 49ers a run for their money next year, Rams or Cardinals?
If WWE unifly the US & IC titles how many titles would there be left and should WWE add more titles?
Best place to sit at the cricket for a crowd catch??? Where do the majority 6s get hit?
How can I fix my yamaha aerox when it starts it makes a pop sould when I pull the throttle the cuts out?
Shawn Michaels vs Bret Hart vs Daniel Bryan vs Cm Punk?
Does anyone have any information about the fish hatcheries in the woods by Lake Wazeecha in Wisconsin?
I was on my PS4 and bought NBA 2K14 and I had $40.00 and the game was $59.99 I bought the game but afraid?
what are some good fundrasing ideas?
Why arent New Zealand and India playing T20s?
Take your pick: Who wins the NFC championship, Seahawks or 49ers?
Agree or Disagree: Triple H is the greatest *Heel Wrestler* of all time?
Why is it that Manning has more touchdowns in 1 quarter than Brady had the whole game yesterday?
What is a Pass Interference on the Offense?
Your thoughts on the result of this match?
Based on the last few seasons do you think the Niners are currently the best NFC team?
Should T/20 just be a domestic competition like the Big Bash and IPL?
Stupid baseball question. If Biogenesis was wrong why?
Where can I watch idol star olympics 2014?
Will Peyton retire after he gets his ring this year?
world cup 2014 winners?
I'm having a sports problem?
6 1. Trek frame size large or extra large?
Are the pats and 49ers destined for Super Bowl 48?
How likely is it that the movie \Ride Along\ ends up on everyone's worst of the year list?
Do they have a disabled paraolympic Olympic squad? i'm classed as having learning dissibilities?
Why is Payton Manning so redundant? He doesn't change his cadence keeps screaming \Omaha!\?
Is the CBS sports live stream of the bronocs game not working for anybody else?
what is ozil wearing in his head?
Which quarterback would you rather have as your qb, Russell Wilson or Colin Kaepernick? Is Wilson too short?
Holy sh*t Haymon rumoured to have paid Alvarez 5 million extra to take it easy?
What exactly is the logic in some MLS team buying Defoe and loaning him straight back to Tottenham?
Where can I legally shoot my pellet gun in long beach california?
how do i find out its mine?
1st quarter was scary for chargers fans?!?
What do the Chargers need to start doing to turn the game around in their favor?
Colin Kaepernick vs Tom brady?
Best midfield in premiership?
Do you consider ric flair one of best promo cutters of all time,?
Denver fans are being obnoxious with their volume?
Will this soon be the Cardiff City F.C. team...?
Is Boxing mainstream?.?
just got a new m&p 9mm gun and the slide is really stiff. is this normal? what can I do to fix it?
I need help with my pellet gun?
how many picks will manning throw ?
why couldn't the defense hold on to that ball from manning ?
What NFL team has scored the most points all time?
What sprocket should i get?
At a UK swimming pool, would I be allowed to wear a long sleeved athletic shirt and long sports tights?
What way do you think the PANTHERS play Smash Mouth football or play more like Thugs?
What are some good places to play adult soccer in the Phoenix area?
my Panthers just lost how do you guys take out your frustration?
LOL according to Enzo zidane CR7>Purlo at free kicks?
Can you get on a school bus and go home after a sport practice or do you have to have someone pick you up?
when I go swimming at a public pool or place.?
It's raining, would I look stupid going out for a run?
Do you agree Tlc back in early 2000 years were best?
toe pain from running shoes?
Should Joe Root be told by English coaching staff he can't ask for referrals?
Any word on Nasri's injury?
Are England starting to have a cricket team from all around the cricket world?
Is there a team more hated than the Seattle Seahawks?
Should I still watch the Chargers and Broncos?
I am interested in buying a dirt bike, I'm thinking a 230cc would be good to start out with.?
Would you feel angry if Randy Orton loses his WWE Worldheavyweight title before WrestleMania 30?
Will I EVER get over my Panthers losing today?
Will the altitude affect Brady next week in AFC championship game?+BQ?
where can you buy Adidas Tiro soccer pants?
Would you feel mad if CM Punk doesn't win Royal Rumble this year?
What does the 49ers have to do to have chance against Seahawks?
What do you think of the CFO of WWE saying that WWE is like Disney on Ice?
Should Denver switch things up and run read option today?
What time is tomorow's ballon d'Or ceremony?
Will CHINA be showing world cup matches and how easy would these be to access?
Should I buy a Leader 725 2013 or 2014 frame?
Nba 2k14 purchased VC error?
how to become a more explosive athlete?
will Germany hammer England in Brazil this summer?
Did you know.........?
Is there a realistic chance of Melo coming to Chicago?
Does Anyone know any cheerleading Centres in Jordan?
I can't believe my Panthers lost?
I like football but some of you fans are over the top, no?
Should the Panthers fire Ron Rivera?
Was the first ODI a true reflection of England's capability?
i just see this as Newton getting some experience before he dominates the league?
Should the Panthers fire Ron Rivera?
Medium to small waves surfboard?
Is this just too predictable??
Did Crabtree play today in Carolina?
How good was martial artist Bruce Lee?
is there a website i can watch the football game at?
What makes Chelsea better than Arsenal?
Why are football fans corny as hell?
Did everyone enjoy that Ditka style football today?
Why do Newcastle fans say the club has a 50 year trophy drought?
My sword is dirty, I've never cleaned it before...?
Is Ron Rivera the new Jim Schwartz?
Rank these Managers: Jock Stein, Nigel Clough, Matt Busby, Alex Ferguson, Bob Paisley and Bill Shankly?
WRESTLING SURVEY : Who are your top 5 technical wrestlers of all time IYO?
Probability of Carmelo Anthony leaving the Knicks?
I was told that you cannot harvest a deer in the Summer because it has worms. Is harvesting good all year?
What is fantasy sports culture?
Holding onto the side of the surfboard??
I wonder wHat panthers fan new name gonna be?
Will the Officials throw flags out on the Seahawks defense if they do clean hits on the receivers of the 49ers?
Did that \Panthers fan\ guy delete his account?
How good is a WWE Live Event?
Is anyone else going to the World Cup?
Is Goju-ryu karate an effective style?
Panthers suck so much. Why?
Best way to stop a motorcycle rider?
Working out with golfers elbow?
Is a Shannon Sharpe drinking game the best one for recovering alcoholics?
Is Pellegrini a better manager than Mancini?
Will the almighty legendary chivas win today?
what curve to get for my bauer apx?
New England and 49ers have made 3 straight AFC/NFC championship games how have these teams not played yet?
who do you got in the Flyers/Rangers tonight and why?
49ers vs Seahawks and maybe Broncos vs Pats predictable but still fun matchups right?
Should I try water polo?
when do NFL tickets for next season (2014) go on sale?
Why would the nfl want 49ers vs. Seahawks?
Does SF really believe they can beat Seattle in Seattle?
Did you see that? I doubt that Bill Walsh was ever seen blowing his nose onto the ground on national TV?
Are the Patriots and the 49ers the best teams in the league?
What happen to Kobe in the 08-09 season?
Seahawks vs 49ers for the NFC championship how good is that?
When you look at the footballing cities of London, Glasgow, Liverpool and Manchester ?
Buy or sell: The Pacers make it to the Finals?
MFS: Do you agree with me?
Why is the broadcast team talking about Peyton Manning as if he never won a championship?
joe allen and glen johnson, which will be playing for west ham or stoke first?
Why can't people see that San Francisco is gonna win the Superbowl yet ?
Who is the best header of the ball as of right now?
what size penny board should i get?
Does the NFL have something like Game Misconduct in the NHL? What offense gets a player tossed out?
is training my leg muscles makes me faster and better football player?
Are the Carolina Panthers one of the weakest number 2 seeds in the history of the NFL?
Surf music??? Surfer music?
Aston Villa vs. Arsenal 13th Jan, who wins?
I know Colin Kaepernick is Mexican and his last name is really Gonzalez. Does he know his family in Mexico?
Do you think the Panthers should..?
Who has lucked more into a good situation?
In wrestling is it better to move fast and aggresivly or slow and collected?
Youtube channels on outdoors?
is it good handicap betting in sports ?
is it good making a rush on 1st & 10 ?
will England win this years world cup?
Why isn't Newton throwing to Smith on every play?
What's your premier league 11 so far?
Will the Ballon d'Or award ceremony be televised?
Will the Ballon d'Or award ceremony be televised?
Isn't it horrible that thanks to the refs the Panthers didn't score a TD on 7 plays from inside the 5?
How much do you think is real and how much is a media creation?
what is the best play to do on 1st & 10 ? rush or pass ? and why ?
So now that the 49ers won againts the Panthers who will the Seahawks play in the SuperBowl?
Would Jose Mourinho even be considered in the 10 greatest managers ever..?
how to kick flip+what am I doing wrong?
who are your top 5 most overrated players of all time?
Is there any doubt that the 49ers won't be denied the Superbowl this year ?
Is Lukaku going to be one of the best strikers in the world in a few years?
Will Steelers QB Ben Roethlisberger retire with 4 more rings?
What do you guys think of this picture?
What do the Carolina Panthers have to improve on in the off-season? Obviously offensively?
What was the car and pilot with a start number 32 at XVI Volta a Portugal in 1965?
Which play is the more used to get manageable 2nd down or manageable 3rd down ? rushing or passing ?
I lose my balance when i go fast on rollerblades?
Can I use XC spikes for Track?
Top 10 strikers in the prem?
Why are arsenal fans rejoicing over nasri being injured?
Why is Mourinho regarded as the best ever manager?
Who has the best longshots in the game as of right now?
Blue Jays - Which jersey should I get?
Man City fans - is Lescott world class?
Madrid fans did you watch the match today ? How awfull was CR7\s finishing ?? Who was the MOTM?
Why can't Panthers fans take a loss like men, Instead of blaming the refs?
Is it safe to say that Colin Kaepernick OWNS Cam Newton and should have his girlfriend as well?
Handgun/pistol sizes?
Crossbow buying and ownig!?
Is Neil Lennon the only manager to win 5 Champions Leagues in a row?
Will Chelsea end Utd's top 6 dream next Sunday?
Who thinks Colin Kaepernick should give Cam Newton the choking symbol after this game?
Which team should I do in nba 2k14 my gm mode?
Who thinks the Seahawks should be shaking in their boots when learning they have to face the 49ers next week?
I don't usually discuss the Ballon D'or BUT?
Why didn't the Panthers forfeit their game against the 49ers? I mean they are getting smoked right now.?
Football camps in western New York for college students?
If Man City were in the Bundesliga, would they finish top?
So WHO will win the WWE ROYAL RUMBLE 2014?
Chapter summaries for \Bo knows Bo''?
Is there anyway i can watch the Broncos and Chargers game Online for free live?
Which mls team plays like Manchester United?
Running back , wide receiver , or safety?
can you wear lenses when you are in snow?
Who are your top 10 football players from pre-1970...?
Do you wish you had a Hazard in your team?
We're the panthers scared to touch kaepernick on that last play?
Is Pepe the true captain of Real Madrid?
What do you think of Wresttling Observer naming Randy Orton most overrated for 2013?
So now the New England Patriots are a power running team as well?
what a wannabe..........?
Who is the bigger threat to the Seahawks?
Do you think Chelsea have enough in the gas tank to snatch the tite?
Does taekwondo stunt people's growth?
would you like to see triple h vs hbk at wrestlemania 30?
is martinez proving to be a better manager than moyes?
Coach Harbaugh says 9ers need to \amp the intensity\ does that mean \play dirty\?
is triple h one of the best at promos?
when you look at footballing cities?
What time is the ballon d'or gala?
Which players are linked with BVB?
Why wasn't Los Matadores etc DQ when El Torito jumped on opponents from the top rope in Smackdown?
Do you think Stone Cold and Vince Mcmahon should of had a wresttlemania match?
do Cm punk fans realize he's not perfect?
Garrincha...............................?
Did Keyshawn Johnson seriously just say that?
Why doesn't Ronaldo want Bale to score?
I don't have a dog in this hunt, but this NFL game is fixed.?
When exactly do you think Rooney will become a chelsea player?
What type of commentators do you like in football?
Should Graig Nettles be in the Hall of Fame?
lionel messi will win balon DO'R or not this year for 5 time ??
My REALISTIC solution to Manchester United's conundrum, tell me your thoughts.?
does the compression short of the shock doctor have a pockt inide it ?
Every time I see Peyton Manning play Philip Rivers I see Philip Rivers win....?
Can girls play Lacrosse?
Who u think goin win the Super Bowl?
Barca fans, if Franco fixed the 11-1 semi against Barca?
Do you hate John Harbaugh like me?
Have you ever been called a gloryhunter?
Who is going to win the Balon d'Or tomorrow?
Is it a big blow for Arsenal without Walcutt?
Recommend Powder blue Jordans?
what kind of exercises martial artists do ?
What is the appealing of sports?
Do you sense there is an air of Optimism for Moyes now?
Does anyone else regret selling Charlie Adam.. and getting Allien?
WRESTLING : Whats the scariest thing that you've ever seen happen in the ring?
Do SF fans now see how bad these refs are all the sudden?
Anderson to Fiorentina?
Why is Henrik Lundqvist having such a poor season?
Does this female British wrestler look like a skinny Vickie Guerrero?
Are we still in the title race?
Cheap ski in ski out lodging in colorado?
How lucky were Money City today against Newcastle?
If I get bad car sickness, will I be okay skydiving? I don't want to vomit in the air...?
In early 50`s I believe Glock made a .22 calibre pistol. Am I correct?
Who remembers that time when Scotland won the World Cup?
ok so all the stuff seahawks fans said about their defense..?
Have you seen this Man Utd related pic ?
How to jump off 2 feet and not 1.?
Which sport should I play?
Drew Brees couldn't handle the wind and rain?
if denver broncos win against chargers where do they play and which team?
Beginner Mountain bike?
Jimmy Graham is overrated??
Boxing: Do you believe Bob Arum, who says he has a good relationship with Floyd and the Mayweathers?
The UK has catch,Japan has strong style and shoot,mexico has lucha libre,USA What do we have?
Does this look like someone who's the best player of all time to you?
How did Cam Newton fall over after being tapped on the back?
Why didn't the New Orleans Saints play well in 2007 and 2008?
Why do people say Neil Lennon is a poor man's Ally McCoist?
Can the Abu Garcia C4 6600 handle Saltwater fish offshore?
what is better to lose weight from legs and hips ( bike or another tool ?
How could I get noticed for high school girls basketball if my school doesn't get a lot of attention?
49ers corners suck they playing like they in college?
FYI to those saying you can't buy AR 15?
Broncos charger playoff game; am radio?
Who else thinks this Panthers and 49ers game is annoying?
How would you rank these QBs?
Yoga and weight workout ?
yeahhhhh boyeeee (steve smith related)?
Quick! Who do you want to win todays game??? 49er's or Panthers??
What is the Worst NBA injury that you witnessed live?
Do yo think there's a lot of passion in the Niners Panthers game?
Where can you buy a Minnesota Vikings blow horn?
What is your reasoning for hating man utd?
What are some good skateboard wheels?
Are Winter Olympics safe to attend ?
Using martial arts in a real fight?
Should we all follow saints fan and stop hating on Man united?
Where is a Cheap ski resorts in colorado?
When you think about it, wouldn't Liverpool be even better if Suarez got sold?
Between Sea, SF, and Carolina; which team has the best chance to go on the road and beat the AFC champ?
Why do some stadiums in the NFL have the NFL logo in the centre of the field while others have there team?
Panthers are clearly a better team!!!?
bravo smith.. everyone sayin he ain't got it anymore. pshh?
Will Chelsea transfer Juan Mata to Bayern Munich for £20 million?
Why do blonde girls do better than brunettes in fights?
Do you llike defensive or offensive ball games?
What Olympic Athletes should win based on their names?
Im too small for my position?
can i become a football player?
Name your Favorite wrestlers of all time ?
Why are Man United fans the only fans who complain about other fans not liking them?
Who invented the term 'david moist'?
Would you mind seeing a Panthers Patriots Superbowl rematch?
What's up with the Panthers 49ers game being so heated?
Is Anthony Bennet a bigger bust than Kwame Brown?
Am I able to watch and download Chicago Bears games from previous seasons?
Why do Arsenal F.C. have such large fanbases in Africa and Ireland ..?
Gerrad or xavi in their Prime?
The Manchester United rebuilding plan?
Won't let me start a hunt on the hunt?
Where would barcelona be with out lionel messi?
Did Carolina bring in Jim Schwartz as a special motivational speaker before the game?
Who's top of the table?
So the refs are for SF?
How much is the NFL paying the Officials to make sure the 49ers/Seahawks match-up happens?
Should Roger Goodell be allowed to overturn the result of games botched by referees?
A player scores 87 goals, 22 of those goals are penalties...?
Does Newton need to ice up after that pick?
What position will i play and what do i need to work on?
Would Cam Newton be more focused if there was a stack of new laptops beyond each end zone?
Where would Man U be without Alex Ferguson?
Is aging WR Steve Smith simply incapable of not making it all about him?
Since A-Rod is banned this season,..why not release him?
Is Anthony Davis overrated?
i am 19 years old 5 feet 7 height and ics can?
What is the biggest event at the Olympics -- Summer or Winter?
Where would liverpool be with out luiz suarez?
Was CM Punk loosing the title to the Rock a slap in the face to Punk?
Why didn't FOX send their A-Team Joe & Troy to Seattle on Saturday?
Who is Man City's most successful youth player?
Should a club that's fighting for top 5 be relying so much on loan signings...?
Help. Don't know what kind of gun?!?!?
Is this a good starter bow? Looks good too!!?
Who else is loving all these legal hits that the Panthers defenders are giving the receivers?
hahaha - sorry - we had to win and we did win today lol ?
Scottish football,Predictor knock out Did you think Dundee Utd would draw?
Niners vs panthers predictions?
Car vs. SF will be the best playoff game this year?
Should I sell my wwf plaque?
Did anyone predict there would be 8 goals at the Brittania today!....?
Can I improve my endurence by running?
Middle school football?
Which play is the more used to get manageable 2nd down or manageable 3rd down ? rushing or passing ?
How can I remove my front brake on my gt fly bmx?
I am a striker and how can I counter grapplers effectively?
a league for white boxers would be possible?
whats happening will there be 2 yahoo answers?
Who is better placekicker that does field goals? Dan Carpenter or janikowski (raiders)?
Who is better placekicker that does field goals? Dan Carpenter or janikowski (raiders)?
Can you apraise these guns Pistols antique Flintlock dualling pistols are they worth anything or real? Help.?
Would you have expected this from Tom Brady in the playoffs?
When will we know exactly the winner of the Ballon D'or and on what chanel can I watch it ?
Can someone please explain the BPL?!?
I want to join my highschool basketball team help!!!?
How big do I need to be for college linebacker?
Why do homers say Brady would be nothing without Belichick?
who is named to the 2014 figure skating team for olyimpics?
Should the pats resign randy moss for the playoffs?
Who is a better punter? Thomas Morstead of the saints or Shane lechler of the texans? Who would you have?
Who takes the edge..Torres or Podolski?Why?
Why can't a man living in Manchester be buried south of the River Mersey?
where can I buy personalized soccer kits?
what channels will the ballon d'or 2013 be shown?
My Question to all you layla when do you all think layla will return to wwe?
SFS : Do you think the Real Madrid side (1955-60) would win 5 straight UCL titles in this era ?
Is Sturridge just an upgrade of Welbeck?
EFS : Is it True that Liverpool f.c have replaced Man utd at the top after the departure of Ferguson ?
Is Messi going to Peterborough?
So, who will win, team Jerry Rice or team Deion Sanders?
Ice fishing for perch?
Have Man Utd broken into the top 6 (six) yet ?
Will it be scary to have Dwight Freeney and Demarcus Ware on both sides?
Im 14, should I take Protein Shakes to Bulk up for Rugby?
How bitter are you that City are TOP right now ?
Because he can run, is Colon Kaepernick potentially better than Montana?
Where can I find Jordan Sneakers in MY size? PLEASE HELP?
What is consider an elite track runner for a freshman ?
CELTIC 0 GALATASARAY 0?
How bad do you have to be to make Charlie Adam look like Rivaldo?
How old is to old to run track?
How old is to old to run track?
Are the celtics looking to trade rondo?
manchester city win in contraversy is this the luck they needed?
Is the EPL the most difficult league in the world to win because you really need world class players?
How can I not lose a whole year cross country run tomorrow?
how is a krav maga class??
Do I have a chance of making the Rio 2016 Summer Olympics in swimming?
Good martial arts movies 1990-2014?
Fishing small-medium rapids on a creek that have everything but trout?
things that I can tow behind my canoe?
Thoughts on this video of SFS members bullying thuthuka ?
EFS : What is the least number of matches they need to play to decide the winner?
Rooney is injured, and what happened to Nani ? will they play against chelsea on 19th ?
Is chelsea still an english football club or is it now considered a russian football club?
Why don't people give Brady credit for his 18-7 playoff record?
How do I bond with my horse?
Who's your NFL team and who will win the season?
I'm a British guy and if I became a us citizen could I be selected to be a running mate in a election?
would it be awesome if the Patriots got bumped out and did NOT go to the Superbowl to lose to a superior team?
Should I pick up Felton?
Did you know that Suarez is set to score a hatrick today?
Xavi leaving om a summer transfer highly likely?
How these NBA retired All time greats play? What kind of player were they offensively?
Last time i checked Liverpool were 2-0 ahead, what score is it now?
Anyone know what training i can do offseason soccer alot of help please?
Can you carry around a bow and arrows in the UK?
What are South Africa and India's current starting TEST XI?
whats a good self defense weapon for somene who can't own/carry a gun?
How hard is it to play a sport for a small college?
How to write a conclusion on the topic tabel tennis?
What wrestlers careers got ruined by John Cena?
What would be some jobs that deal with hunting? Perticularly waterfowl or whitetail?
Experience help with wrestling?
Some good sparring tips?
When does the 2013-14 premier league end?
what is the closest train station to old Trafford?
Which team is going to be bold and take Darqueze Dennard in the top 5 of the draft next year?
Who is the leading scorer in the EPL? and he just scored again.?
Where to get cute kids running shoes?
Does any other Arsenal F.C. fan want Arsene Wenger out.......?
Im nervous for todays chargers game!?
I want to watch live match on laptop, but I have guests?
About bowling in cricket?
Who are currently the President's Trophy favourites?
What do you think of when you see Martin Skrtel defending in a set piece?
Should the Steelers release LaMarr Woodley this offseason?
what is a squat and how do i do one?
Thinking about doing track and field at school?
did jim torbitt like to COYBIG?
If the Chiefs beat the Colts last week, do they have a better chance against the Patriots instead?
Santos Laguna Sub 17 suffers accident.?
how long should my jumprope be ? 190cm tall?
Who will be the next head coach of the Buffalo Sabers?
What's with all the would of, could of, should of ... nonsense?
Who will take Arsenal's 4th place trophy this year? Liverpool, Tottenham, Man United, Everton, or Arsenal?
How to work under Pressure better?
What's with all the people on here whining about the Seahawks beating the Saints?
Why are Man Utd fans so pi$$ed about city winning.....?
What was the Manchester United manager doing at the Cagliari vs Juventus game?
Did City make the signing of the season..?
Will the undertaker return at royal rumble or not?
What's moyes did in San't Elia ?
who will win \DANIEL BRYAN VS CM PUNK\?
Who will be the glorious 2014 Cactus League and Grapefruit League champions?
which is the best flying attack in wrestling?
Was that the hardest game Man Citeh have had all season?
Was January 9th The death of TNA?
Why do Celtic fans think they are a big club?
Off season predictions for lions, new coach? Walk or resign? Free agency? Draft? Your thou?
Did anybody tell Chelsea who is at the top of the English Premier League?
HELP! I need advise! Gym?
Cristiano Ronaldo vs Franck Ribery vs Lionel Messi...?
Since the Colts lost the AFC divisional against the Patriots, are they Super Bowl favorites in 2014-15?
How competetive is intramural basketball?
Are Patriots haters...the New Patsies of the modern era?
So are the Seahawks actually better without Browner?
Hey Successful Runners, I NEED HELP!?
Who can stop Marshawn Lynch?
Do you agree saints had a chance to beat seattle since seattle couldn't do much on offense?
Do you now recognize Seahawks are the real deal?
can you help me please?? soccer?
Sachin Tendulkar is 5th most admired person on this planet. Does this surprises you?
Who's going to win, Panthers or 49ers?
How many red cards should Newcastle players be given by now?
Nba players that are cross eye dominant?
Does anyone know the song at the end of: Footballs Greatest - Zidane?
what i like to play when i boring?
how can i get an agent or a football trial?
Is virendra sehwag could again come back in indian cricket team?
How can I become an athlete in india?
outdoor tech tags charger type?
Orthodox or southpaw?
How will Manchester City F.C. win the EPL this season without Q.P.R there to gift it to them..?
I have a 1-24 diecast collection all still in the orignal boxes are they worth anything?
who is a better QB? John Elway or Peyton Manning?
Anyone interested in a permit to hunt black rhino in Africa?
Why is it that the AFC contenders are more offense oriented, while the NFC contenders are about defense?
-methylcyclohexane methanol?
what was your regular national xi when you started watching cricket?
Which one is a better wrestling documentary (options inside)?
AR-15 or AR-22 for a 50-300 meter range with no sights.?
I only run fast when I'm really scared?
whats all the fuss about, Remy clearly interfered with that Dummy..!?
Was Vince Mcmahon Sr. in any way associated with the NWA?
What fish can you catch using....?
Who Is This Person That Was Important To the Development of the UFC?
Do you agree with the seahawks that Jimmy Graham is the most overrated player in the NFL?
Have Manchester City payed the ref and linesman again?
Man City looking to buy three points today?
What are the chances the Carolina Panthers become Super Bowl Champions of the world?
Football Recruiting contacts!!!!!!?
49ers @ Panthers who'll win?
Do RM fans really take the 11-1 vicory over Barcelona in the 1/2 finals of the 1943 CdR seriously?
ever Lenardo Dicaprio add with Dino Moria in cbz bike ??
How many goals will Man City orcs drive past Newcastle?
Will it hurt Barca players to play some aerial crosses?
Please help me get my splits?
Did your football team make the playoffs?
Should I buy A BMX bike?
Do you feel bad for Michael Vick?
San Diego's Chances at Beating Denver (1-12-14)?
When is cani back for Villareal?
National tennis center arthur ashe stadium can be visited on non US open day?
Which pedal? for speed up my fixie?
What mile time should I be able to hit?
So the Superbowl will be a white QB (AFC) vs a black QB (NFC) or am I missing something?
Completely waterproof/water repellent jacket (for heavy down pouring rain)?
Want to build up my stamina. Never normally do long run but did this today. Good/bad pace? Help pls?
Will the Knicks make the playoffs?
Do English people watch Scottish football?
does anyone know how to build a hand crow call?
am i the best man city fan here?
can i still ride a bike if ive been disqualified for drink driving?
did Torres score a goal yesterday?
Getting used to footy boots?
How to avoid being bored?
Will the Yankees now get to spend another 25 million on this season since A-Rod is suspended without pay?
I have trouble running, can anyone help me?
What Language Does Julie Speak?
have first pick in fantasy baseball pool,,this is a contract league, thus the only 2 plarers?
I have trouble running, can anyone help me?
Do you remember when poštar dolazio na vrata dva puta dnevno ?
what game of the day will you be watching/listening/following today?
Why does WWE want to kill Daniel Bryan's momentum?
Barca plays tiki-taka, City: counter attack, Dortmund: pressing game, Chelsea: parking the bus, Real Madrid: ?
Who do you tip for the Ballon d'or this time...?
Fantastic news Manchester United fans..?
Boxing: Who are the best 5 current jabs?
Boxing: Rate the chins...?
What is the highest ICC rating of ABDUL RAZZAQ (PAK) in ODIs ever?
what do you expect , whose shocking return at this royal rumble , WWE?
who wins todays niners vs panthers game?
Is the Ballon d'or ceremony bigger than the Champions League final for the Ronaldo fan boys...?
How comes Nani has never scored a hat trick for Manchester United?
Are Artists bad luck to their team and favorite players?
Eating oatmeal before running?
What hours are best for female joggers to jog?
What does \coybig\ mean?
Is there any basketball leagues in US other than the nba?
Did Stone Cold Steve Austin Defeated The Undertaker Cleanly in a Pay Per VIEW?
have you heard what happened in the Chelsea training camp?
Do you know what gaelic football is?
How many goals has marco reus scored outside the box since 2006?
Do you have to be 21 to buy a shotgun with a pistol grip?
What do you think about Giant Gonzales?
How much were WWE sued after using WWF?
who won the WS Royal Rumble Thy Kingdom hosted?
How to entertain myself on a treadmill?
How i should start go karting?
Added Pressure on Manning Now that Brady and the Patriots Advanced?
Afro Kobe or Freakish Lebron?
Can you do the splits?
Is jogging in short bursts better than jogging for long periods at a time?
Who resemble more like shewag. Finch or Watson..?
What is the name of song played in Mubadala Tennis Championship 2014 ?
Nba 2k14 GM traded me to a different team than I wanted?
Is this section full of idiots?
Without Eden Hazard, would Chelsea be in a lower position in the league?
where can i find free live stream nfl football on my pc?
Eat oatmeal before running in the morning?
How are UK Olympians funded?
Work out doesn't hurt anymore?
Bindings are to close?
My father gave me a poly tech legend and what quad rail and grips do you recommend?
will jeff hardy return at royal rumble 2014? ...before giving answer...read below very carefully.?
Do you support sports players from your country ?
Why did Bayern sell Mario Gomez?
Moist pleased with old trafford crowd is this his main concern?
WHATS THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN PACIFIC SHELF AND NEWCO RANGERS?
how to increase breast size?
Why does the NFL use officials on the field instead of cameras?
Is 4 months a long break from skating?
What time is the ballon d'or gala tomorrow?
Which NBA team has the MOST Conference Titles?
Should I live in solitude?
Anyone else notice Olympic Team players in the NHL are playing 'softer' than usual?
can anyone tell me why holding onto the puck is called\ ragging\ it?
Can Mathews lead the SL young brigade in to glory of test cricket?
Is there an actual chance of Melo coming to chicaho?
Right now who are the best fighters in the world?
How does the law work with pistol grips on shotguns?
Cristiano Ronaldo age 18 vs Adnan Januzaj now?
I'm 14 years old. Too late for the MLB?
Does it even matter that Pete Rose is banned as one of BBWAA's rules say...?
How many times did A-Rod help the Yankees lead to the World Series? Besides 2009?
Who do you think will win fifa World Cup?
DJ bike compatibility?
Favorite nicknames in the NFL?
Where do you find a personal trainer. How trains running back to be fast and strong?
Aren't you tired of the Patriots being in the playoffs?
What could be the reason behind SL`s pace attacks sudden improvement?
Cristiano Ronaldo at 18 vs Adnan Januzaj now?
Will rain avoid SL winning this Test match ?
How come the Seahawks fans justify bandwagon fans?
Barclays Premier League highlights in English please?
Is Rigondeaux ducking Mikey Garcia?
my goalkeepers are coming front in fifa 14.how could i fix it?
Kevin Love and Carmelo are going to the Lakers buy or sell?
NTKfanI Really think the Knicks should Still Trade Everyone but the young guys Timmy and shumpert and rebuild?
What is more the game of inches, baseball or football?
Who will win in upcoming match between man city vs Newcastle?
can a 22-250 hunt much else other than varmints?
Why are Madridstas going on about Barca and Atletico's playing style when RM doesn't even have one?
what dirtbike should i upgrade to from my xr100r?
I am to small for my postition?
Are there any simple throwing instructions available?
Scared to join girls soccer team!?
If Taker/Sting WM30 match - should it be......?
Mom does not want me to play soccer?
What is the most accurate Sniper Rifle?
Was Greece giving up the rights to the Olympics to foreign nations a stupid thing to do?
Was Greece giving up the rights to the Olympics to foreign nations a stupid thing to do?
why do people say \what happened\ when they get knocked out..?
help with league of legends?
Who was the first black Oakland A's player?
Cricket poll: Will Australia chase 270?
Remember when Atletico beat Real Madrid at the Bernabeu?
When will people shut up about the patriots spy gate?
NFL players most deserving of winning Superbowl 2014?
Do you think English home-grown talent are under pressure because of cashy expectations?
When will AJ Lee lose his Divas Title?
American Football vs Baseball: Game of Inches?
Does the black ops exterminator have blowback to it?
Does PONDS CLARANT B3 whitens skin?
How do you PROPERLY pronounce Larisa Iordache's full name?
Who gets more tail in Mexico Darwin Quintero or a That Cameroon player from cruz azul?
What did you think of saints vs seahawks rematch?
How good do you think christian laettner would have been good if he didn't have injuries?
Help with middle school wrestling?
I have a situation i need help with. so i want to play football but how do i do that if i am not?
Will the Miami heat 3 peat?
San Fran 49ers or Carolina Panthers?
How do you PROPERLY pronounce Larisa Iordache's full name?
When is Fabio Coentrao going to play for Madrid again ?? He's been out for like 2 months! Defensive wise?
Professional Wrestling: Why do people still get behind Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson?
How many times do I have to train in a week?
Pats defense actually put in work tonight, huh?
Is this tape worm?! Help!?
David de Gea or Marc-Ter Stegen who is the better goalkeeper now and who will be better in the future?
Who else thinks Dortmund should try to sign Marc-Andre ter Stegen?
How to hide cuts during swim season...?
Do you think Ryan Braun is a bigger slime ball then A-Rod?
do u think the heat can 3peat?
Is there a Michael jordan interview in which Michael jordan talks about the cigars that he smokes?
how do you break rocks in Pokémon sappihire?
Do you think Murutoglu is biiiiig?
Are there a lot of games in baseball?
MFS: Do you think you will marry a Mexican girl?
Who thinks that Ricardo Lamas would destroy Chad Mendes if they fought? Why?
What is your favorite hitting weapon?
Help finding Modest swimwear!!?
How come Emily Osment was unreasonably fired from the Los Angeles Wrestling Academy?
Will the Knicks beat the Suns monday?
What to do after losing a basketball game?
How to shoot better in NBA 2k14?
What can I do to meet Michael jordan?
When is The Rock returning?
Can an underweight male play water polo well?
Can I own a airsoft weapons in NSW?
Is Martin Tyler doing commentary of barclays premier league now?
buying a handgun please help?
Who was the last team to win 3 world series like the SF Giants in 2010, 2012 & 2014?
Are the Broncos going to win tomorrow?
Football Training Question (America)?
What are the years that jr smith was in the nba dunk contest?
Best womens one piece Swimsuit for saline pool?
A good commuter bicycle for under $500?
Is it wrong that I just can't be with a overweight girl?
Is it true Tom Brady only signed one of his rookie cards?
Should I cut jeremy lin fantasy basketball?
Why do people say that Muhammad Ali fought the same as Sugar Ray Robinson?
should I cut jeremy lin fantasy basketball?
Can the best college basketball team beat an NBA team?
Camping spots in Florida?
Is the world running out of watercress?
Questions on \Muhammad Ali's Greatest Fight''?
Bushmaster XM15 Jams and Clearing?
Did Pacqiuoa duck Floyd before the 4th Marquez fight?
Whats your fovorite piece of workout equipment?
Would it be legit to have a Chivas v America final right before the World Cup in Brasil?
how much does offshore commercial divers make?
At 18, is it more viable to get back into dance or start figure skating?
Could you imagine if Ron Jeremy chose soccer?
Is it possible to get your speed down on the 40 yard dash from a 5.8 to a 4.5?
So Mexico finally has attacking midfielders to choose from?
Should I get real Lebron 11s for $200 or get cheap lebron 11s for $100?
What Boot should i get? Hypervenom Phantom or Mercurial Vapor 9?
Can I run Cross Country with Nike Zoom Super-Fly R4 without spikes ?
Good workouts for kids?
I'm confused. Can someone explain this?
I guess Colts already won their Super Bowl......it was last week. Not this week!?
Who is the greatest quaterback?
What are some soccer clubs centered in Queens, NY or the NYC area that a 17 year old can tryout for?
WWE Universe Mode Fantasy PPV: Royal Rumble? Who would win this match card?
Should I add Terrence Jones?
could you imagine if gsp played soccer?
Is Mike Zimmer the new head coach for the Vikings?
What was your opinion of Jacko? A lot of people think he was a fool, but the bloke could certainly kick a goal?
Is Alex Rodriguez still getting paid?
Are the Patriots haters finally going to drop the spy gate excuse?
Did the Miami Heat change their jeseys to nicknames yet?
What type of offense will Alabama run in 2014?
Could someone help me with gearing up for tennis?
Why are the St. Louis Rams such a bad team?
Why are the St. Louis Rams such a bad team?
Now we know a Peyton Manning Tom Brady, coaches, defense showdown. What tean will win?
Kenya name me fights that had the most back n forth knockdowns to the bloodly end?
What kind of longboard do I have?
My running pace has been slower and my legs feel like bricks..?
Why did the Classless Patriots keep running the football even when they were winning by 21?
What is a walk in Baseball?
Is this forum getting invaded by kids with big imaginations ?
what exactly are Biogenesis PEDs?
Iniesta..... or Zidane....?
Seahawks vs 49ers - Patriots vs broncos?
If CBS decides to replace Dan Dierdorff with Shannon Sharpe...how long could you take it?
the favorites won on nfl saturday, how about tomorrow?
How to wear soccer shoes elastic things?
Why do people think Triple H will own or inherit the WWE? He's will not and I hope he doesn't!?
Would this work to drop weight?!?
what teams are on AFC?
I want to shoot in the 70s?
Who else thinks the WWE network will be a epic fail?
Minecraft kicking me from the internet?
NFL FANS- When was the last time that the Patriots won a game....?
niners or panthers tomorrow, WITH REASONS!!?
What running shoes should I get?
Why is Shawn Michaels called Mr. Wrestlemania when he has a losing record at wrestlemania?
I need to find the price or value of my U. S CARB M1 Carbine . 30 caliber rifle serial number 1106077?
how to get stronger arms and legs for football (soccer)?
Alright Patriots fans good game, and well played?
How to build an airsoft sniper?
backhandspring help ?!?!?
A question about high school sports and coaches?
How long will my golfers elbow last?
How can you not be in awe of what the Patriots have accomplished this season?
I guess the Patriots didn't take the same bribe from the Colts that the KC Chiefs took?
How do I ask my wrestler boyfriend to the sadie Hawkins dance?
A question about high school sports and about coaches?
Professional Wrestling: Every match during the Golden Era was solid, HBK is mediocre, Thoughts?
Will an ice rink melt in 40 degree weather?
Do you think a qb will ever win 5 superbowls?
Is Peyton manning gonna do what the Great Joe Montana do?
Scottish Predictor. Did you think Hearts would continue their losing streak?
Has a rookie running back ever rushed over 200 yards in a game?
How does a close game become a blowout?
Which NFL team do you think will win the Superbowl?
Who do you guys think is going to with the super bowl?
What are some possible upsets for 2014?
How can we sit together at the football game?
What is the mike in football?
How to get in Shape for Track and Field?
Why did the Colts just punt it with less than a yard to go?!?
What position should i be for football?
What's worse, Y!A trolls or twitter trolls?
Why do people blame Hogan for TNA's downfall when it's really Dixie Carts fault?
If the Broncos make it to the AFC championship game, how will they stop the Pats offense?
How can I get tickets to the 2016 Olympics?
What are good beginner throwing blades and low price?
How do you quickly get rid of shin splints?
Why wasn't Thornton chosen by the Canadians?
Berkley's Gulp Alive products?
is colts season over now?
LMFAO! i cant believe people thought the Colts had a chance!?
who would win! Seahawks, or Pats?
Loophole in offside rule of soccer/football?
How can I get bulkier for basketball?
Whats worse, Using a corked bat or using peds?
Wrestlemania 31 Dream Card Please rate?
Is it possible for the NFL to have a football game on a ship?
why dont girls have a football team??
Should I give up baseball?
Who are you pulling for?
Who is the color commentator for the Patriots / Colts game 1/11/2014?
Is 22 too old to begin diving?
Where are those Patriots haters at now?
Panther, 49er, Seahawk fans...looking ahead to Super Bowl..what is your main concern?
Patriots' Blount! Where'd HE come from!? 4 TDs!?
Most crooked refereeing performance you've ever seen?
How to Go All American?
who is aj lee of wwe raw?
Are there 49er bars in Las Vegas?
Do you think Mexicans in the USA should take back the US South West?
Non-NBA Q: Who would you rather bang, Melanie Iglesias or Kim Kardashian?
Who is playing at the Super Bowl 2014? And who is playing at the halftime show?
Fan question about being fans of teams?
2 months training for a half?
Need help picking skateboard wheels for asphalt?
Is it possible to get your speed down on the 40 yard dash from a 5.8 to a 4.5?
Help! I gave Hulk Hogan a job and now I'm in debt?!?
How would you stereotype Miami Dolphin fans?
When will Goodell leave the NFL?
Why is the NFL letting teams interview playoff teams coaches?
If Randy orton wins at royal rumble who do you think will be the face out of the feud with lesnar and orton?
Hawaiian Surf Trip Adventure, need suggestions for a first timer to the island!?
How do I know which case to buy for my new Hoyt Ruckus bow?
How can I get tickets to the 2016 Olympics in rio?
The Patriots DB's didn't learn anything from Steve Smith, did they?
How to get in shape for middle school track season?
i have a junior johnson paperback brave in life with real autographs what is it worth?
what do slot receivers need to have to go to a D1 college?
Should I quit cheerleading?
I need a soccer team to play year long in long island in the suffolk area?
how do I train Capoiera to where I can make it effective as a martial art/fighting/technique?
Am I the only one who thinks Demarcus Cousins is better than Dwight Howard?
how do I train Capoiera to where I can make it effective as a martial art/fighting/technique?
My 2K14 WWE Tag Teams?
Is it normal that my martial arts class is mostly girls?
Does this Patriots team remind you of the 2004 Patriots?
Why is the nfl full of nonsense rules?
Do you think Vince Mcmahon laughs at people who cried and complained WWE ECW?
Are Walmart Bikes Good?
Off season predictions for lions, new coach? Walk or resign? Free agency? Draft? Your thoughts?
Do the filthy Yankees have to pay A-roids salary for the year?
Who are the top-10 NBA players of all-time? (BQ)?
Sports Authority Return?
Are they suppossed to Run the Ball through the middle?
how do taco bell team leaders get paid?
I have played football for 3 years at wide receiver.But very small 4'11 and 80 pounds?
How long will it take for Gullit to go to Europe?
POLL: What is your favorite firearm?
Talent wise - is Andrew Luck just as good as Tom Brady, if not better?
is there such thing as a winter boot that looks like a snowboard boot?
Why does the NBA seem so boring this season?
How high do you think the price of the WWE Network will go up after 6 months?
What time does the first one day in Australia start at your side of the world?
Who would win in a neutral field Saints or Seahawks??
Has the winner of the BCS title game ever finished lower than #1 in the final AP poll?
Where to buy Letterman jacket?
Will playing basketball at game speed improve my skills?
NFC: Post Win, will NFL level fines for hits to Harvin's head unguarded?
Advice on swimming two back to back events? (100 back & free)?
NFL on CBS. That song played right before commercials? It was just played before halftime.?
Is Lampard underrated?
What are something I can do to get bigger?
What are some good football catching drills for one?
How do I get the proper measurement of my recurve bow riser?
Is there an app where I can find Baseball or Football card prices?
Why were Barca and Atletico playing like tortoises?
Referee standing over the ball?
Why can't Dean Ambrose learn some self respect?
the love for Pachuca came back to me?
If the 1958 NFL Championship wasn't an epic game, would the Ice Bowl have led to the creation of the AFL?
Wrestling section: Wouldn't it be cool if Hogan took Maddox's spot as the Raw GM?
what would my jersey size be?
How can a girl dunk a 10 foot goal?
What Level Would I Be On For Allstar Cheer?
am i a good slot reciever for varsity?
Why are the commentators saying the Patriots punter should have just layed down at the one?
Where was New England Patriot, LaGarrette Blount born?
What is fastest or easiest way to sell my Class 3 SBR (Short Barrel Rifle) adhering to all NFA regulations?
When did these Jordan's come out?
Am I right in thinking that a safety was the best result for the Pats there?
Is snowboarding a good work out?
Rope knot for climbing?
what is a better mule deer hunting rifle?
I'm 6`3 200lbs and a sophomore in high school and my 40 time is 4.77 is that good for a sophomore?
I'm 6`3 200lbs and a sophomore in high school and my 40 time is 4.77 is that good for a sophomore?
HELP!!! Can I wear this to gymnastics?
Can I be a fan of a football team that I have no relation to?
What are your earliest and fondest football memories?
On WWE 2k14 why have I gone from rank 2900 to 81,000 at the bottom?
Chelsea vs Manchester United Predictions?
Should WWE go in the direction of Hogan vs Piper in a singles, or a Tag Team Match involving both stars?
I need advice on basketball?
Wrestling section: Did you hear that Daniel Bryan joined The Wyatt Family!?
Is Legarrete Blount the new Marshawn Lynch?
Accorrding to kw Neck cranks do NO damage to the neck and are useless?
Why won't cbs live NFL streaming work?
Duck stance vs goofy (right angled, left perpendicular )?
Excited for first game of the season. (basketball)?
Which NFL team currently will be the 2010's dynasty team?
answer fast??? Sony Xperia z1???
Manchester or Arsenal?
Where can I find a list of NBA team mates who have had 10 assists in the same game?
What happened to Trent Richardson?
Now that Percy Harvin is broken again Do the Seadderall Shehawks Stand a chance against CAR or SF?
Can the Panthers beat the Seahawks after they crush the 49ers?
NFC Playoff: Seahawks win! Post-Game Qs?
How long can canadian nightcrawlers live in the heat?
what do you think of eli manning after this year?
Trent Richardson just broke a tackle...and gained positive yards? Is this going to be his breakout game?
Non-NBA Q: Are you watching the Patriots-Colts game?
Why do professional athletes get paid so much money?
Is Andrew luck the best qb ever?
i have a 345 fps airsoft gun. im thinking about using .20s or .25s. my friend suggested to use .28s?
Cellulite and skin toning? Please help me?
I have a disc no patent just 179 grams shaped like a polecat putter?
Is Andrew luck the most overhyped qb ever?
What if Stone Cold went to Shop Rite and...?
How long are football practices in college?
CAN COLTS COME FROM BEHIND AGAIN VS PATRIOTS?
Questions for Seahawks fans?
How many points will the Patriots have by halftime?
IS MARQUES COLSTON OF THE SAINTS A PRODUCT OF THE LOUISIANA SCHOOL SYSTEM?
Would Wilson or Kaepernick have been as successful as Dalton in Cincinnati?
Should the Colts even be Allowed to share the same field as King Brady and the Patriots?
Professional Wrestling: What do you think of Most Ultimate Fighting Championship Fans?
Why do the Colts like it from behind so much?
What Paintball Marker Size Do I Use?
What's with all the Andrew luck hype?
kobe bryant is not an amazinq player because he never win any mvp award?
if all members of the shield were babyface who would be the best babyface?
What is Seattle's redzone stats for regular season?
amateur boxers, referees and pro boxers only best answer given?
MFS who is the biggest culero in this section?
How many practices are there in one middle school's indoor track season?
what is the best way to plan my route for biking across country?
2010 Vancouver Olympics footage?
Why isn't Omer Asik playing?
What ever happened to the steel cage match?
Who wants this game to be 56-54?
Will the Patriots make the Colts pay for Andrew Luck being a turn-over Machine?
Can I walk on to bloomsburg university football?
how to get my stamina good for swimming?
where to purchase race fuel in turlock California?
Sincinnati- Are you ready for the Pats and bungholes game tomorrow?
If the Patriots lose, should the Patriots fire Bellichick and release Brady?
Is there another technical luchador like Blue Panther in Mexico?
What is this techno song!!??!?
Cramp or muscle strain or something else?
How do professional drag racers get paid? How does it work?
Why did Michael Jordan end up so tall and his parents are short?
How is gymnastics dangerous? Where can you get a good coach?
Is it bad to do intervals everyday on a treadmill?
Am I an aweful person for screwing up another volleyball teams scroesheet?
Who played better Atletico Madrid or Barcelona ?
Scrum Half Contact at the Scrum?
Santos vs Cruz Azul FT thoughts?
If the Broncos don't make the Super Bowl?
The Seahawks just beat the Saints, does that mean they'll go to the Superbowl?
Snowboarder beginner-ish who needs help.?
Why Did the colts play the 49ers this past nfl season ?
Would you hire JR Smith?
WTF was Colston thinking?
rugby - how can i make myself physically stronger so i am not as prone to injury?
With of these two are better?
can i play shooting guard?
Should the Saints cut Colston?
What is wrapping a horse with a pole ?
What sport should I take up?
Do the Saints wish they had Mr Clutch Tom Brady?
NOW do you believe the Seahawks?
Now that Prince Devitt lost the IWGP Junior Heavyweight Title does that mean he'll be leaving now?
where can i get ski bibs?
If you're team is out of the postseason, who do you want to see win the Super Bowl?
how well do you think the wwe divas division is doing and comparison to the tna knockouts ?
Any advise on some advanced moves/strikes?
Why does Michael cole bully Ambrose? Should he be a star or should Ambrose be fired?
How can I get my stamina up for swimming?
What was your favourite Feud this year?
more than a club who would claim that?
Which legend would you like to see return full time?
Why does WWE bury Roman Reigns every week when he's the most talented in the Shield?
Good Season. Will Saints ever learn to play on the road?
Can I get a scholarship with my mile time?
can i play shooting guard?
2001 AFC Championship. Can anyone give me a breakdown of Brady's domination leading to his 1st Super Bowl?
Will the New Orleans Saints win it all at Super Bowl 49 next year in 2015?
Is Undertaker Stale? He does the same thing every week?
Who is the better wrestler? Santino Marella, or Nikki Bella?
how many people on the east coast is interested in the Sea Hawks game?
Isn't it great that even Celtic fans are jealous of Man United's success ...?
With the WWE Network will wm30 get over a million buys?
IS Januzaj Overated ?
who wins marcos maidana vs kostya tszyu light wealterweight bout?
Do you think the WWE network will be successful?
Would now be a great time for Sevilla to grab Marko Marin on the cheap?
Choosing the right surf board???????
Who is the best Pinch Hitter that is a current MLB player?
who is winning tonight's patriots game and why in your opinion?
Do you think people buy more pizzas from papa johns since Peyton Manning is their spokesperson? :)?
Why don't teammates credit the quarterback?
Who's the better wrestler? John Cena or Seth Rollins?
what secondary in the nfl blows an opportunity like that in a big game like this?
TNA: Push one, fire one, keep one?
What Baseball TV play by play person has the Perfect Sounding Voice for calling Baseball?
Winchester model 100 accesories?
Will Liverpool win the league ..........?
How to defeat Brazilian Jiu Jitsu?
When will seattle turn the ball over?
Anyone know about baseball cards?
What do nfl play 60 ambassadors do?
Had a bad game, how to shake it off? And how to feel better and move on?
Where to buy good air rifles under £200 in U.K?
Giants fans who do you want week 1 next year?
If the Saints come back and win the game, Will the Seahawks fans disappear back to their holes?
why can't the seahawks stop the run?
Is it just me or do John O'Shea and Paddy McGuinness look alike?
I need to bring my mile time down to a 6:40 i run a 7:11, how can i do this?
Period and tampons need help?
Most comfortable soccer shoe?
what year was super bowl in detroit?
Why does there seem to be alot more Man United fans on here today .....?
Is randy orton the wwe version of Winnie the pooh?
Davey Richards vs Chris Jericho ?
Is the miz the wwe version of scooby doo?
Is Alberto del rio the wwe version of Dora the explorer?
Do any world class players want to work with Moyes(No title in 6yrs) ?? Reus, Costa, Gundogan, Etc...?
Your top 10 point guards of all time?
Is a tactical shotgun stock less effective for hunting?
some sweet survivalist stuff?
Is A-Rod allowed to play in another baseball league for 2014?
what more realistic me getting a girlfriend or Vela playing for mexico?
why has the Saints defense softened since 2009?
Foil recommendation for beginning female fencer?
What is a good brand of swim cap that will actually keep the water out?
What former NFL player(s) are better calling TV football games then they were as NFL Players?
Are the New Orleans Saints getting their salads tossed?
Why do we watch football?
Becoming a dominate player in basketball?
isaiah thomas vs jeremy lin?
Is Russell Wilson the next Tom Brady?
Girls contest, arm wrestling?
What does the Saints offense need to do?
Having trouble removing barrel from AK47?
Why do people say someone won the nba championship instead of their team.?
Should more shopkeepers have self defence training?
Can't watch game. Is Jimmy Graham alive and playing?
What can make you a better linebacker?
What is the most realistic Super Bowl 48 matchup?
Is there a difference between a 6'6\ fishing rod and an 8' rod?
So no pushing allowed during Nationwide or Truck races this year ?
Why are some fans so corny?
What is the 12th man? (Seattle Seahawks fans)?
Why is Moyes so successful?
should I work on defensive linemen or offensive line?
Is the WWE Network Vince McMahons last hurrah?
What is this song from the UFC commercial?
Did I tear my ACL? Two pops and weird feeling instability.?
How many home runs did a rod hit before taking steroids?
Why is jimmy G not playing?
ski resorts with free bunny slopes?
Drew Brees deer in the headlights look against the Seattle D?
How much do LZR swimsuits help?
Is 17 too old to start lifeguard training?
How much are these baseball cards worth?
Dam?!... why do I feel good about my AZ Cardinals next season!?
Will Mourinho drive the Ferrari or?
Fantasy Football Players?
If you was a WWE superstar(wrestler or Div, what would your nickname and finisher and signature moves be?? etc?
(Coaches Appreciated!) Will This Mess Up My Shot At Libero?
Hi there it's me sabi I buy moterbike least year but I don't no when this bike mot finish this bike?
Hi there it's me sabi I buy moterbike least year but I don't no when this bike mot finish this bike?
Why haven't the Saints taken any shots downfield with play action?
Workout Troubles....?
Do agree that Brees is failing because he didn't lick his fingers in the first half?
Is A-Rod's 2014 suspension appropriate?
Who will be most under pressure come May 2014?
Superbowl XLVIII predictions?
fix my mouse it is running slow?
How I think Manchester United F.C. will do in all competitions this season...?
what exactly are Cartridge Cases & Shotshell Casings?
How come the New Orleans Ain'ts didn't score one measly point in the first half?
Brees - Over / Under yards passed 95?
My JM4A1 airsoft fun is misfiring?
value of 1871 peacemakercolt 45?
Are my reasons for hating american football valid?
Do you think the hippie doofus Rob Ryan is capable of making defensive adjustments at halftime?
How do I find out what decade my antique tennis racket came from?
What teams for most entertaining Super Bowl?
What teams for most entertaining Super Bowl?
Why Saints getting whipped by Seahawks?
Size Up or Down for Arena Carbon Pro?
Have you been watching Dakar?????????
ok who thinks that late hit on harvin when the play was obviously over should have been flagged?
Push one, fire one, keep one?
who'll win Colts or Patriots?
How disappointed are you that you aren't getting a competitive playoff game?
What type of bow is this!?!?
Which gauge shotgun is the best one?
how much are saloman evolution 8 down hill skis worth?
Adam Johnson has scored a hatrick for Sunderland, Nani never for Manchester United?
did the Seahawks actually have any fans before 2012?
NFL season tickets?!?!?
Why do you think star running backs from SEC are doing poorly in NFL?
Will Cardiff City ever become properly secure in the Premier League?
What if WWE brought back the Brawl For All?
Who is the better player?
Looks like this game is over already huh?
what did Jr Smith do that was so bad?
Help with ball handling in basketball? (Dribbling)?
How many quality players have England produced since Jack Wilshere in 2010?
why is the Seahawks stadium all of a sudden really loud the last 2 years?
can I watch the wsu game tonit at &pme?
Will a gas mask protect me during paintball?
What does this logo mean on this oregon ducks rose bowl shirt from 2012?
Who won today's NFL Playoff games?
Whats the cheapest surface i can use to make a half basketball court in my garden to practise?????
Do you Consider Eddie Guerrero Better Wrestler then John Cena?
David Moyes confirms Robin van Persie will NOT be out for 6 more weeks?
Does T.N.A. have a safe or unsafe working environment?
know a good chat room for horse racing?
Who is the best team of La Liga?
Brooks vs Carson Jones 3. Kell Brooks stepping his game up?
Will the Seahawks end up blowing out the Saints...again?
Why Do They Call The 2nd Round Of The NFL Postseason The Divisonal Playoffs?
have the 2013 Seahawks no proven they are the best team in the modern era?
Anyone know how to remove the manufacturers stamps from a golf ball?
If you could add any player in the NFL to your favorite team, who would it be?
Can I play college volleyball without high school experience?
do the Brampton Battalion still exist in the OHL?
Will Kenny Stabler ever make it into the hall?
Did Almunia ever get that passport in the end...?
what is the length of the cylinder on a eaa windicator 357?
Who do you Think is the best Female currently in Sports Media?
is this game effectively over now we SeaHawks are up 6-0?
good basketball coaches in Ohio area near Dayton area you know of any? help would be greatly appreciated?
Why do people call kapernick overrated but not wilson and kaepernick has got them farther?
what kind of martial arts suits me most.?
Maverick model 88 shotgun HELP \?
is triple h the greatest heel of all time?
Would Danny Ings be a wise investment for any mid-table Premier League team?
As much as Chelsea are \boring\...do they deserve to win the league?
Does a very 'competitive league' mean lots of inconstancy?
which year was triple h at his best?
when is triple h next match?
Questions about Treadmill Accuracy and speed/distance?
does Cm punk have the worst fans?
Since Jack Wilshere have England produced any good players?
How do i take the orange tip off of My CyberGun Sig Sauer 556 (Airsoft)?
Do you think Drake Maverick will ever return?
college swimming recruiting?
Has the Albert/Johnston/Siragusa team been dethroned as the #2 Fox team?
who else can't wait until Cm punk retires?
Will Denver get humiliated by the Chargers tomorrow?
Is Brock Lesnar gonna be wresting in more than 3 PPVs this year?
What do you think of Undertaker vs. Daniel Bryan at wrestlemania?
a ball player makes 538 field goals out of 934 attempts. what percent of his field goals did he make?
did anyone watch ingram carve seattle d like a turkey there on second?
Should I play HS baseball another season?
Did anyone watch Atletico Madrid vs Barcelona?
I am almost 6'6 and have a 33 inch vert. Which cool dunks could i do?
Seattle fans, still happy your team traded for Percy Harvin?
Do you think there will ever be a Super Bowl at Lambeau Field or Gillette Stadium?
footwork question -figure skating?
Did Percy Harvin reinjure his vagina on that hit?
Definition of a hat trick?
Is Januzaj destined for the number 7 shirt?
What religious associations do English football clubs have?
How do I fish a submerged jetty?
who else thinks this is funny?
SEATTLE KICKS OFF! How excited are you to see the Seahawks win?
Which indian bike is best for doing a stoppie?
Your opinion on 49ers vs panthers??
Do you enjoy watching a professional team unveil a ritual they stole from a college program?
Anyone watching the Seahawks vs Saints ?? Playoffs! It's gonna be a good game in Seattle!!!?
if you had any doubt about putting money of yours on seattle i'm sure they have now disapeared?
what is the average incme on a dallas cowboy game?
What do you think of Adnan Januzaj's technical ability?
Were people actually cheering for her singing?
Why does every duo of game commentators seem like they're gay for each other?
What is a good survival rifle?
Why do some mx riders put a number sticker on their muffler?
How old do you have to be to represent your country for the world cup?
how long are the legs on a jugs jr baseball pitching machine?
Isn't funny how Seahawks fan base has grown these last 2 years?
When will Mike D'Antoni get fired?
Isn't it funny how Seahawks fan base has grown these last 2 years?
How much would it cost to get a in ground swimming pool?
Why didn't Rob Terry and Jay Bradley help AJ Styles on Impact?
Why didn't Rob Terry and Jay Bradley help AJ Styles on Impact?
Why is \running up the score\ looked down upon in the NHL?
who will win 2014 superbowl?
What are brazillian jujitsu belt colors in order?
Did the WWE Writers make a good script Monday?
When day is Derrick Rose coming back to play?
Athletic Bilbao 6-1 Almería?
Professional Wrestling: What did you think of World Wrestling Entertainment's Friday Night Smackdown?
Athletico 0-0 Barca ?
nmsfr construct a squad of 11 famous figures?
who is more annoying jbl or michael cole?
If Pete Rose dies, will there be several questions about if he then can make the BBWAA Hall of Fame?
I want to ice skate again but major questions.?
Why is Ric Flair so soft?
Is Saints/Seahawks game free livestream and I need a link please?
I need the best equipped BICYCLE?
Where would Celtic finish in the prem?
Will Celtic ever catch Motherwell's record of 73 Scottish League titles?
If Sydney Leroux got into a cat fight with Tobin Heath, who would win?
Didnt get an answer! can any body that has FIFA 14 tell me the latest weekly ratings.! :D?
Where can i find some FUN football quizzes?
Who thinks its safe to say Andrew Luck OWNS Alex Smith and should have his wife?
Do you think dancing like this would be a great for the Paralympic games ceremony?
how can spike lee afford all the front seats in nba? How rich can he be? he didnt even make classic movies?
Is Johnny Manziel the real deal or is he just another Tim Tebow? Why?
Who thinks that Travis Browne, Cruz and Aldo should give Faber, Overeem and Mendes the choking symbol?
Questionn about smaureai sword?
could you put a 250cc engine into a 90cc quad?
Can anyone see Espanyol being tough for RM tomorrow?
Questin bout samurai sword HUNTING HUNTING GUNS KILLING DEER?
Who thinks Colin Kaepernick should be penciled in as SuperBowl MVP? If not, why?
Should ADR be Batista's first feud coming back?
Would you block a fellow supporter of your team?
Where do I ask questions about knives?
Do you think Germany will beat Argentina at least 3-0 in the World Cup in Brazil?
what can i do with old bullet shells?
\At United we strive for perfection, if we fail we might just have to settle for excellence\.?
When the Maple Leafs get into the playoffs, why do people think they have a slim to none chance at the Cup?
I know its early but what are your predic for the Chelsea vs Manchester United game?
How to become a better runner?
the north face jackets apex bionic vs apex penumatic??
Will the Patriots defense be able to stop the high-flying Colts offense?
What does a player do if his stick breaks?
I am feeling more positive after todays game, did we look like vintage Man United today?
When will chelsea play exciting football?
If The NY Yankees Get In The Playoffs That Means A-Rod Can Play In The Playoffs Then Right?
Is horse racing inhumane?
How do I become one of these abu people?
Does WWE hate X-Pac and Chyna or are they okay with each other?
Is Sherwood doing a good job at Totternham?
Can Welbake take Roonays place?
Big test tomorrow - its Stoke City - we gotta win man ?
Should I leave my basketball team?
How is Johnny Manziel entering the draft? i thought he was a sophmore?
Best way to make softball Captain?
is Fernando torres back to his best?
where are man united in the league after beating world class swansea?
jamesskinner want to be a women?
How did you come across WWE for the first time?
What Are Things TNA Does Well That WWE Doesn't Do Well?
NFL Playoffs streaming line?
Should the NCAA ease up a little on the amateurism?
will januzaj be a lot better once he reaches puberty?
Buy or sell : All playoff east teams have a chance to beat the heat and pacers?
reason why piojo should call up vela?
Is Koke the greatest player of all time?
Did yo think Everton would make top 4?
Do you think that the fact that A-Roid is a Yankee$ added 50+ games to his suspension?
Some people think football is a matter of life and death. I assure you, it's much more serious than that.?
I'm looking for a u18 girls rugby team in medway that i can join. but i cant find one please help?
what would happen if you tried to dive underneath a 100+ foot tidal wave ?
Is Russell Wilson a good quarterback?
I am looking for a hardtail mountain bike you can do jumps on without doing any damage to the bike?
Do you think Bayern Munich could dominate both Barcelona and/or Athletico Madrid if they played them now?
Why are there so many wound up Arsenal fans?
Do I have to worry about getting my period during my gymnastics routine?
If Rafalski makes a comeback does he go to the team he retired early from or?
Why Is Home Field Advantage So Big In Football?
What kind of skis would be right for me?
Do you think FIFA should sort out its eligibility rules?
What are your predictions on the Seahawks-Saints game today?
If you can't support our team when we win, don't support us when we lose..?
Would these bottons/leggings be suitable for jogging?
You know you're a bad football player when....?
Website to meet up with other individual snowboarders?
Starting martial arts?
why does Kobe Bryant only have 1 MVP?
Did United actually win tonight?
Its true? about pedal?
Is it sad???????????????
Hi I have got a licence can I riding any bike.?
How much should a freshman RB, QB weigh. And how tall?
How many of you agree that the bad news barret gimmick is one of the worst ever?
Does michael Irvin snort coke before NFL gameday?
Has a NFL team ever had a 40-touchdown QB and 20-touchdown RB in the same season?
Are we (Man U) BACK in the title race?
Is Giroud better than Messi?
Do you think that Cliff Compton will ever return to the WWE?
Not a good way to set out the Premier League fixtures?
WHAT was the Man U score?
should I wear a speedo for swimming?
What position for football would I be put at?
Is Vince McMahon a member of the Lemon Party?
Who has the pats winning tonight?
Soccer: What do you generally do in this situation ?
Is it interesting that in 2-3 years we might have the debate of Lebron being 2nd greatest player of all time?
For Real Madrid! Would a tie between Barca and Madrid today be a good result for them instead of Barca?
How do you feel about the death of Ariel Sharon?
Who will be the next Premier League manager to go?
Who has the better squad - Wenger or Moyes ?
Baseball players what really requires more hand eye coordination?
who should be cm punk's opponent at wm30 out of stone cold or triple h or other?
Why do Liverpoll F.C. have such a large Norwegian fanbase..?
Help I am 17 and I want to play Soccer!?
fighters get knocked down but Champions - GET UP ?
Should I drop tyson chandler for Jared sullinger?
Which will happen first, the end of the world or Kyle Korver's 3 point streak ends?
Should the Real Americans add new members?
Are the Hawks Championship contenders now that they beat the Pacers and Rockets in back to back games?
Which turf shoes for baseball?
should I trade dwyane wade for Josh smith?
Wladimir Klitschko vs Bob Sapp? On who would you bet?
Who has completed the tough mudder race before?
Martial arts after 40?
Do You Like The Usos?
What was the West Ham score..?
Is it worth getting a 'trainer' for my actual bike or should i just get a Normal Exercise bike?
So Brandon Spikes gets put on IR because he was late to a practice,did Belichick forget the Pats have a game?
Is there any player more scared of contact, the clutch than lebron james?
Is Zeb Colter a member of the Tea Party?
Where would Swansea finish in the SPL?
Where do you think Carmelo Anthony will end up next season?
Ameteur Boxers in the UK?.?
AFC: New England Patriots with Colin instead?
working out for football?
who is selected ahead to win superbowl?
How do you think TNA is going to work Jeff Hardy back into the storyline?
Why was the original Sin Cara so fragile?
Someone help me with my Fixie?
How bad will Atletico Madrid destroy Barcelona?
How bad will Atletico Madrid destroy Barcelona?
Why is Daniel Neigh Tackle Mensah Welbeck so amazing..?
Did A-Rod get a just punishment?
Trainers don't fit and can't return them- what should I do?
Is Gnabry still better than Januzaj?
Where can I watch the FC Barcelona game?
How could i cushion my feet with roller blades?
Positive side of childhood obesity?
Who else agrees that A-Rod had it coming to him?
Do you think Sam Shaw will get some actual wrestling gear?
Do you think Sam Shaw will get some actual wrestling gear?
If Man United can keep this performance up consistently then top 4 is a good chance?
Do you agree if Kaepernick don't have the footwork skills, he'll be a Andy Dalton type of QB?
So A-Roid's punishment is to get a year off with full pay?
How much is a marlin lever action rifle 45/70 caliber priced at?
49ers vs Green Bay..who thought that the 49ers were the under dog in that game?
Now that Magnus is the TNA champion?
top 10 running backs in NFL?
What is the best school on Wudang mountin?
Why do people still hate the Patriots?
Do you agree that this is funny?
is Bill O'Brien good coach?
Should I join my high school's track team?
Man Utd are pretty rubbish these days aren't they?
Whats a good hairstyle to go with to join a swimming team?
Who's getting sent off in the 2nd half - Bony or Rangel ?
Yahoo & ESPN fantasy baseball mock drafts?
Does The Undertaker make appearances in wwe regularly or is it just wrestlemania?
are graphic grip tape on skateboards good?
Would you like Knockout qualifying in Nascar?
My NBA2k14 season length?
Does anyone know what's the best tactic on Football Manager 2013..?
World Cup 2014 Brazil predictions?
What kind of legs do you need to be a good distance runner?
What would be the problem if the trigger guard on a Mossberg 500 a is not locking into place?
Who's your picks for this weeks games?
how would you keep a deer cool on a 60 degree day?
Off-Topic: Have you ever, while watching football, tried to pass gas but passed something else instead?
Is it Barcelona playing against Manchester United?
Is TCW vs WS the WWE version of the Monday night Wars?
With A-Rod suspended in 2014, is the AL East title the Red Sox and Rays to fight for?
Why does Kaepernick get so much hate with taking over Alex Smith's job?
Top 6 key skills in football?
should i wear a speedo? (swimming briefs)?
Bundesliga fans do you think the Winter break is too long or just right for teams and players?
Are title matches fake at wwe house shows ?
Will I get back to where I left off.?
What's one thing that SuperCena can't kick out at two?
Not that theirs any reason to panic but?
What was the fight all about that you guys were talking about in the America Vs. Tijuana game?
NFC W: Seahawks Russell Wilson - will he walk for $$?
When does Fantasy Auto Racing start on Yahoo?
what is the omega trigger on a cz75b?
Pacqiuoa before the steriods?
so anyone know the Albion Rovers crowd today?
Name a WWE superstar whom everyone likes but YOU just can't stand?
What is the best/cheapest site to buy hockey jerseys online?
What do American's consider to be the best British calibre (caliber)?
Can u use a different camera with a gopro mount?
Phil Kessel vs. Doug Gilmour who was better?
Wait people on here think atletico can defeat barca ?
What.channel is man utd vs swansea citu on verizon?
Should I fight orthodox or southpaw in Muay Thai?
A-Rod's suspension reduced to 162 games: Your thoughts?
Is Van Persie out for 6 weeks?
Did Trent Richardson get smaller when he left HS?
who's ready to see King Brady put on a show tonight?
What do you think JBL's two words for Michael Cole were?
What's your top 10 favorite WWF/E matches of the 90's (1990-1999)?
What do you think of The New Age Outlaws lying to Michael Cole saying they liked him?
Manchester United and the next 90 minutes. What do you thing will happen?
After last night's match, do the New Aged Outlaws still got it?
Will Lady Brady end with the Colts \Luck\ season tonight?
Aj mccaron the next Tom Brady?
Are liverpool fc owners really rich or what?
Should Melky Cabrera just have gotten a 1 game suspension in 2012?
First day of volley ball today! Help!?
Why the heck has A-Fraud's suspension been reduced by 49 games?
Since the epl started who has been the best team?
I want to be a wwe superstar?
Should I quit basketball?
What league is better, NFL or NBA?
What league is better, NFL or NBA?
What do you think TNA will do to counter the WWE network?
Should I join my high school's track team?
Ahem (cough). Does anyone know who is currently at the top of the PL table?
Manchester United F.C. fans: Do you think we should recall Nick Powell from his Wigan Athletic F.C. loan..?
It's so difficult to make G.O.A.T list for Basketball?
Anti hunt crowd: Killing bunny wabbits in your name?
Boxing: Adrien Broner is a/an...?
Where can i sign up for boxing on post in Fort Carson?
How should basketball shoes fit on your feet?
Where can I but a personalised american football?
Amateur Poolplayers Association Franchise Question?
Why does my girlfriend not want me to play soccer?
Boxing: Which five fights would like to see in 2014?
Which team will tour India this year in the winter?
What is the chance of a major sporting upset at Brazil 2014?
Great news Manchester United fans, no Tom Cleverley in the line up?
Is Robin van Persie out for another 6 weeks?
Why does the king of flops LeBron James get so angry when the opposing teams player flops on him?
are element skateboards good?
Should I fight orthodox or southpaw in Muay Thai?
What do you think about Aj Lee being on the cover of Maxim Magazine?
Your final picks for divisional playoffs?
Is this a good fantasy basketball trade?
TCW : Welcome to my show : \WORD IN THE RING\ : TCW superstars, who is your dream opponent?
When will Rooney be fully recovered?
Need help with skate boarding, ice skating, roller blading, surfing, etc??! please!?
anyone know the channel for man utd vs swansea?
Clint Dempsey vs Donovan?
when does Baylor Uni ersity women basketball team play again ?
Could I monetize a WWE montage?
Wrestling section: Is Jeff Jarrett really going to make another wrestling promotion?
Is the Super Bowl gonna be Seahawks/niners vs colts?
How many of you beleve that the Undertakers opponent at Wrestlemania xxx will be Brock Lesner or Batista?
Will This Ruin My Chance of Being Libero?
What is aus better at batting or bowling..?
Is this a good Burton snowboard setup?
Ca you help me fix my bike gears?
Which will most likely happen this season, Atletico winning la liga or Arsenal winning PL?
EFS: How do you like this laptop? Any alternatives you'd suggest?
Is Kaepernick last year better than this year?
in hockey what happens if both goalies on one team are ejected, like the starter and the backup?
As silly as it sounds, isnt it true that Dirk was carried to a ring by Lebron James?
Can I get a scholarship for jiu jitsu or judo?
What would happen If i were to run all day?
Is my snowboard setup good, but too expensive?
Air spa or water spa?
In California, can i use two fishing poles to snare crab?
Who is spanish best referee in the last few years?
Why is it when a Manchester United fan says they stand by Moyes, they are deluded but when..?
WRESTLING : You had WHAT 4 BREAKFAST?
How can I get quicker and have more stamina?
How do the warmups for running differ from boxing?
Chelsea back at the top is it their year?
Is it Alex Ferguson's fault that Moyes sacked all of his staff?
With the wwe network are pay per views such as wrestlemania free?
Do you take MA lessons based on location, instructor, or pricing?
Is this the first case of Goal-line Tech failing?
How much does the average 14 year old squat?
Kyle Korver for Jrue Holiday; should I pull the trigger?
How do you try-out for Olympics athletics?
I'm 6'0 ft in the 8th grade will I be 6'8 (lebrons height) as a senior?
Can England realistically reach at least the semi finals of Brazil 2014?
Predict Both Games Right for 10 pts?
Is Tim Sherwood actually a gunner?
What are some things people say the NFL should get better at?
the NFL has the brilliant 'America's Game' series, does the NBA have a similar type show?
Forecast Tottenham C. Palace and Stoke-Liverpool?
Score predictions for Man Utd vs Swansea this afternoon?
Which channel is going to telecast India Vs New Zealand ODI series 2014?
NBA all time player rank. Vote it !?
question about total nonstop action?
I'm thinking of putting Ghost Ring sights on my mossberg 500 any recommendation on a Brand .?
Why are wrestling and jujitsu so similar ?
Are Chelsea the worst CL winner ever ?
question wrestling section?
Is Kyokushin worth practicing?
Why do English players and manager stay in England?
When was the last time Fellaini was worth more than £5 million?
What do you think of my Wrestlemania 30 dream card?
Would Japanese martial skills with weapons transfer to western weaponry?
Was that a Typical Torres Goal?
Why are Chelsea fans bragging about being top of the league?
Chelsea, Chelsea...top of the league, who can stop us?
How long did Dwanye johnson workout.Im 13 at i want to be like him?
Do you agree or disagree?
Frndz telll a good bike in 60000/-?
Does John Cena really care about the WWE or is it just a gimmick?
Seahwaks RB: why isn't Michael used more?
Did Hazard just get his leg blown off?
Frnds suggest me a bike in 60000/-?
Wrestling section why did wwe limit ron simmons to saying only one word?
What do you think of these lebron shoes as shoes for just kicking it and going out for a guy?
Are the New Age Outlaws back with WWE for good?
Is this a good workout? Criticism Wanted!?
Do you think Arsenal will sign Costa and Draxler?
if you are a beginner, how many hours/times a weeks should you play tennis?
What's the weirdest glitch you experienced on a WWE game?
Leeds United are losing 4-0 against Sheffield Wednesday, will the other United lose 4-0 today...?
female ballerina vs untrained male no rules fight?
Which ps game of wwe is best? what's your opinion on it?
We're did ninjutsu originate and is it better to take it in America or were it originated at?
Now that Victor Valdes has come out and said Ibrox is a better atmosphere than Celtic Park does this finally?
Which is the live broadcasting channel of laliga in india ?
How far will Colombia go in the 2014 World Cup?
Have Chelsea scored yet?
WHATS the Sheff Wed Score?
The Undertaker's Wrestlemania Opponents Left then Retire?
Would you ever see Forza & Legend do this?
What ever happened Eddie chambers?
Do you thnk messi flyed with virgin air ways to get to mardrid?
Is this quote true from newzat?
What fish are relatively small, edible, freshwater-occupying and tasty at the same time?
Do u think England can beat Australia in upcoming ODI series?
I need advice for running the mile!!?
Are the Wyatts Breaking up?
Can Man Utd pull off the great escape & stage a major comeback in the 2nd half of the season?
How do you play hockey (girls) ?
Would you blame Rooney if he hands in a transfer request at the end of the season ?
What do you think of LeBron acting like a little girl v Nets?
New Age Outlaws turning heel?
After losing to Swansea today, what would be Moyes excuse ?
Does anyone want to share their WatchESPN account info? I have a tennis tv account that I can share?
The former Israel Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has passed away?
whiplash? while at a climbing gym...any advice for how to help this?
What is the very back row of the gabba cricket ground?
May i use Dirtbike boots for riding with snowboard?
Is Everton FC the only team that has played in every Premiership season but yet not participated the C.L. ?
Sport-Scene.net invite please?
how to cut a kite during kite fight?
Officially whats your match of the day?
Which three clubs outside the top 6 are based in the best location, have the best kits and stadium?
Hike ideas for a section of the appalachian trail.?
Scottish football,Predictor. Rangers v East Fife,who do you think will win?
Longboard shape and size for beginners?
Feeling sick after ever sprint session.. since 5 months ago?
Know any boxing/kick-boxing clubs?
Do you think Roger Federer was playing his best tennis ever at Australian Open 2012 ?
Please help explaining a few NFL rules to me?
MA training after flu?
Should I fight orthodox or southpaw in Muay Thai?
True or False: If the Hawks get past the Saints, they will make the superbowl?
Football (Soccer) referee course in Shanghai China?
Is Flower over reacting?
When was the last time a team other than Celtic or Rangers?
What do you think about the whole neymar fake contract thing?
Not sure if I should quit rowing (crew)?
New Age Outlaws.................?
What exactly is USL soccer?
What are the odds of the Blues winning the 2014 Stanley Cup?
I want an nfl franchise simulator for android?
Has SRT rescued Bhajji, what do you think ?
making a san jie gun?
Is this a best seller in Scotland ...?
I am weak? and not to able to do fight if happens?
Where to learn MMA online?
What match do you want for the wwe world heavyweight champion randy orton?????
will Moyes break another utd record?
Who is agree that randy orton is a coward??
Did this coach do the right thing?
Need help on selecting a position for a friend?
Could Vince actually be planning to book Cena vs Taker at Wrestlemania? Read Description Please.?
Why is wwe wasting Brock Lesnar in a fued with a 7 foot jobber?
Favorite moment from the attitude era?
FIFA 14 club with the most potential to start carrer mode?
Why Doosn't TNA Try To Have Their Own Network?
which will drop first?
Best brand for a longboard and penny?
Will Nick Saban become a pro football coach and if so where?
who thinks Jay Gruden can lead the #REDSKINS?
Whats your thoughts on a Nz herald poll asking \should McCaw play in 2015\?
are altitude masks worth it?
What team has the best chance To beat The Seahawks at Home- Saints,49ers,or Panthers?
what pro wrestlers have been injured by jumping off the titan tron?
Where can I watch Heineken cup rugby 2014 Live stream?
MFS: For those who watch Titulares y Mas on Telemundo?
Why hasn't Kliff Kingsbury started Michael Brewer?
Which Soccer Cleats are Better.. Nike vs Adidas?
Something which was even bad then england's performance was my exam..!!?
If I were Maidana....??? READ?
Rugby..... or American Football.....?
Who thinks the Panthers should forfeit their game with the 49ers this Sunday because they will lose anyway?
Who thinks the UFC Heavyweight Champ Travis Brown has a good ring to it?
Lakers in a Dark Age ?
Will you be subscribing to the WWE Network?
Who would win in a street fight: Robin Van Persie or Olivier Giroud?
Who thinks that the Boston Bruins beat themselves against the Blackhawks last year in game 6?
It's going to be rainy and windy tomorow. Do the Saints have any chance!?
how to put a XENON headlight on my bicycle ?
Is Mike Webster responsible for the fate of 'Mike Webster'?
Who thinks Cain Velasquez should be shaking in his boots when he learns he has to face Travis Browne?
Who was your favorite player on your team when you were younger?
names for my surfboard?
Why can't I find any barrels for my Spyder TL R paintball gun if anyone has any links please send me one?
Differeces between 223, 270, 30-06, and 308?
Is it illegal to host a football pool?
How do you make a home made soccer ball?
Would a gun explode if the bullets fused with the barrel, and then was fired?
Which NHL players aren't going to be in the 2014 Winter Olympics?
is Carmelo Anthony going to the bulls?
Shouldn't somebody fund or pick up the tab on \ Magos \ rehab bills starting at $ 3K per day?
whats good to eat or drink before a soccer?
Is Davey Richards The Best In The World ?
Wrestling: Favorite wrestler(s) moveset?
Basketball what position do i play?
WHAT POSITION DO I PLAY?
Would you be satisfied by financial club stability in Spanish football minus oil money transfers?
what am i suppose to wear for scorekeeping for cyc basketball?
Hokuto Shinken the deadlist Martial Art?! =0?
Cross country and track running?
MFS: expectations for your club(s) and MNT?
what happens if floyd and pac swaps opponents?
is 15 too old to start ice skating?
Is lebron pathetic as a player? Is it 2011 all over?
I got drop never been the same ever since?
Is a Winchester sx3 allowed in trap competitions?
Where is it most likely to snow in NC? Would it snow in February?
who is the best soccer player right now?
who is the best rugby player?
Is running in place efficient?
WWE Network Question?
Score prediction for Atletico Madrid vs Barcelona tommorrow?
What is the minimum salaries for Major League Soccer since 2000?
who is the best athlete in boxing right now?
what bicycle bran has a picture of a bulls skull, and has the word texas in it?
who do you think is the best athlete in combat sports?
need help w/basketball fan sign.?
why was randy moss 81 on patriots and not 84?
What happened to George Corral's red card?
What is good red dot scope for a 7mm rife?
Dumb choice? Or is this switch less crazy than I think?
Where is all the Tennessee Vols fans at?
Is there a woman's NFL?
How would the 2011 Dallas Mavericks Championship be looked upon if the Heat won four to six straight titles?
is crosby the best in the nhl right now?
is mcuthen the best right now?
What happens if wwe goes unscripted.?
when do i get asked to sign with nike or jordan on nba 2k14 next gen?
Will Paul Heyman betray Brock at the royal rumble , like in 2002?
Club America vs Xolos thoughts?
Do they saints stand a chance against seattle?
How to Improve Vertical Jump?
Is a 19\ bike the right size for someone 6'?
What do you call a fight that's been set up to recondition a boxer who hasn't fought in a long time?
Do You Think Tim Tebow Never Had A Chance After He Left The Broncos?
How hard should i rack a shotgun?
Boxing: Is Broner the next Mayweather or Judah...?
Why is there so much hate on alex rodriguez?
what postion should I play?
can you sim games in nba 2k14 (my career)?
why does the odds change wend the horse is comeing around the home strech?
Will chargers won super bowl?
What is your thinking about Virat and Dhoni?
In the Dominican Republic what is there favorite mlb team?
Have there ever been a hitter that led the league in home runs and finished his career with an OBP under .300?
Is this mountain bike a decent deal or a piece of crap for $283?
Which teams are the favorites to win in the upcoming playoff games respectively?
Which Blues goalie is better and why?
I need muscle to be a linemen I need help?
Skaters: whats easiest to ride Long board, Penny board, or Skate board?
Does CZW have a tv deal?
HEAT VS NETS.........?
What NBA song goes like this?
How can I get in shape if I'm allowed limited movement?
So what are the results of Team Rodman VS. DPRK?
How well do you think Manziel will do in the NFL?
What size would i be in baseball cleats?
What are some interval workouts I can do on a treadmill?
Is there an advantage to s-rolled gauze over z-pak gauze?
LeBron will be the the Next MJ, stop being salty Basketball section and admit it?
Will Peyton Manning retire with the Colts?
school fight? need answers?
Need some advice on running..?
Could nets turn it around?
Do you think that Andrew Luck is the Michael Jordon of Football?
Do You Think Icing The Kicker Really Works?
is swimming good way to tone your butt?
Is Shawn Thornton the best fighter in NHL?
I have a bike that I need to get rid of, where can I take it?
Why are Heat fans saying \Net's fans are acting like they won a championship\?
Are there any disadvantages or advantages of being tall in surfing?
WRESTLING : Can you please give me your opinions on these listed superstars by ratings?
Which \upset\ do you think is most likely to happen?
Who is the best ectomorph football player in your opinion?
So is this how you maintain ear pressure deep underwater?
How can i be a good figure skater?
Buy or sell? If Luck plays for the 49ers they'll be Super Bowl champs last year and this year?
WRESTLING : TRUE/FALSE : You don't need to have a championship belt to be claimed as the best wrestler?
I get tired so fast when I play football (soccer)?
What do you think of Sidney Sam signing and joining Schalke in July?
what would you do if you saw me in a wrestling show?
Can anyone rephrase me what is plateau?
Are NBA teams allowed to wear alternate jerseys in the playoffs?
could you imagine if michael jordan and kobe bryant were gay and they had a baby and it played soccer?
I want to buy a good wooden cricket bat.What company bat should I buy.?
If you had the top 12 players in the NBA D-League ?
Manuel Neuer or Courtois who had a better season ?
Batista returning as a full timer?
Jogging for three miles?
Can't get any faster (HS)?
My favourite sport is footbal?
Where can I find SKS detactable magazine breakdown kits?
what is wronq with lerbon james?
What do you think of the Heat and Net's \nickname jerseys\?
In games Wade misses to rest his sore knees, how many PPG should Lebron be averaging?
In their prime, would the N.A.O. destroy The Shield without CM Punk?
How is this Chicago Bulls video i made?
How should you train for the 500 meter for indoor track?
How can I paint my surfboard?
how much does membership cost for White Dragon Martial Arts?
What is Gene Upshaw family doing for the NFL now that he is gone?
Who is a better goaltender: Iker Casillas or Gianluigi Buffon?
Questions about track and field indoor meets?
i want a good airsoft gun for under 300?
The name of former NY Giants player that is now part of the secret service?
Which game will the Denver Broncos lose?
Can Andrew Luck and the Colts beat Tom Brady and the Patriots?
Can I run Dayz Stand Alone on very low and prioritized settings?
How to say why you'd make a good captain for a sporting team?
Figure Skating Music?
Generally, if the Eagles and Seahawks ever play each other...?
Why nba friday 10 have nicknames?
Which is the better compound bow?
Does the undertaker still wrestle?
Who else thinks m.j is better than lebron?
Do you think the reason the Shield beat CM Punk and the New Age Outlaws is because N.A.O. are old/older?
10 points: Dolph Ziggler is Billy Gunn all over again?
Should I try out for tennis?
Internship to become WWE superstar?
I Want To Play Running Back This Football Season?
WWE- Is CM Punk A Full Time Jobber Now?
Which WWE Superstar Would You MOST And LEAST Like To Meet In Person .. !?
Weight decreases after moderate cardio (running)?
What do you think of JBL saying his strategy against The Shield would be to tag Ron Simmons?
dolph ziggler is the new billy gunn???
japanese scientists to take cristiano ronaldos and mia hams dna and make one super soccer baby?
Should I do tennis or crossfit?
What do you think of JBL saying The Shield would do great in Attitude Era?
How tp pull a fish out of the water?
I have a question about my boots?
who thinks in 2014, Yankees regain east? red sox fall apart?
Is that a hickey that CM Punk has on his leg on Smackdown?
If Peyton Manning and his team win the Super Bowl this year....?
Agree/Disagree: CM Punk Only Has One WWE Title Run Left In Him .. !?
Is Welker playing against the Chargers?
what is the difference between asa and usssa softball bats?
Which boxer has the angriest fans?
What's going on with the purposed takeover of Valencia?
Is this a good penny board?
Will Tom Brady be able to break the 55 touchdowns of Peyton Manning?
Do you really think that Allan iverson will be back and play for the celtics?
If Boise State Football goes undefeated next year, do you think they would have a chance to get in the playoff?
is brady falling short again of super bowl? i say hell yes!?
Who Is The Best Mic Worker In WWE History .. !?
Does anyone else think Randy Orton cheated to beat Big E.Langston on Smackdown tonight?
If there's still any Cleveland Browns Fan,please!?
why is peyton manning better than tom brady?
what high school football position should I play?
Rank the Remaining 8 QBs in the playoffs?
trying to find a NFL grey cam newton jersey?
What are your thoughts on R-Truth saying he and JBL are down like \four flat tires\?
How to get heavy handed?
What are some really good womens basketball sneakers?!?!!!???
do you think andrew bynum is depressed or he's just too lazy to play basketbsll anymore?
Is Anyone Else Getting Tired Of CM Punk Vs The Shield .. !?
Are you surprised R-Truth likes the comparison that he and JBL are \like T.I and Yelawolf\?
why do people hate backyard wrestling?
what is your most hated mlb teams?
What do you think of Michael Cole trying to be friends with R-Truth?
How do I start playing tennis again?
What kind of martial arts (or fighting style) dose Dexter use ? (10 pts if credible) and no spoilers?
Melonationsy Q? football refs allegedly to stamp out flatulence from football players?
I have a question about boots?
@United fans How highly do you rate Keisuke Honda?
About that engagement between Brie and Daniel Bryan, I don't think that marriage will occur anymore?
Looking for a firearm, need some assistance?
Is Brock Lesnar against Big Show at Royal Rumble a dream match?
Why are people booing Randy Orton if that was a good clean fight?
Which Chicago Cubs collapse was worse: 1969 or 2003 and why?
Aren't we still in the steroid era?
What could you throw further?
Do you see Andrew Luck dominating the AFC once Peyton and Brady retires?
Can a Formula 1 car drive inverted?
s&w m&p 15 sport an M4 Ammo?
Best trail riding horse breeds?
wwe should make a retro smackdown just like retro raw?
Will Heavy Pacing (jumping up and down, and running back and fourth repeatedly) Mess up Your Heart?
I got a kick in the head in a martial arts fight, should I be worried?
does canelo really deserve his own ppvs?
top 5 NBA teams in 10 years?
Should I do track or tennis?
who'll win Chargers @ Broncos?
Professional Wrestling: What is so Awful with World Wrestling Entertainment's Writing?
Since Zeb Colter is a war veteran, does that mean we should excuse or accept his views on immigration?
Edwin Encarnacion homerun elbow, is that swag or the chicken wing?
What are your thoughts on Alabama naming Lane Kiffin its Offensive Coorinator?
When did you start Ice Skating and playing Hockey?
How mad is Zeb Colter for his team losing by Spanish wrestlers?
What do you think of JBL saying Brock Lesnar has never felt pain like the one Big Show gave him on Raw?
Name me some of the top coverage and then hardest hitting linebackers in college atm?
Name me some of the top coverage,and then hard hitting safeties in college at the moment?
With DH Frank Thomas in the HOF, do you think Edgar Martinez will start getting more support?
Who do you think will sign a extension with the new york jets?
Who else likes this team of Los Matadores and Rey Myterio and Sin Cara?
Does Ryback have a million dollar body and a nickel brain?
I need an affordable full size 1911 paddle holster?
Will Raw and SmackDown be on the wwe network ?
Want to become lifeguard?
MFS: Does homosexuality disgust you?
Create a WWE PPV Match Card out of the following Superstars.?
Is it possible that the Bruins and Blackhawks meet up again in the Finals and Boston beats Chicago in 7?
Professional Wrestling: Whose better on World Wrestling Entertainment Commentary?
Is Mikey Garcia the p4p champ?
Are you good at sports or na?
OH MAN!!! Who else wants Royal Rumble to come already? Big Show against Lesnar at Royal Rumble?
What do you dislike about WWE Fans?
Tips on swimming a fast 50 free?
What are your thoughts on Big Show saying \I don't like\ Brock Lesnar on Smackdown?
Does the number 1 seed play on the first or second day of a tournament?
Should I accept this trade?
Has the ground rule double always been in the rule book since the 1800's?
What do you think of JBL saying he wishes Gene was commentating instead of Michael Cole?
Have you noticed that all of Mayweather's opponents suddenly become bums only AFTER he beats them?
Who is the six most impressive players in Spain in your opinion?
Why does it seem like the crowd is still cheering for Daniel Bryan? He betrayed us all?
how can I become flexible fast?
Why is the crowd so dead tonight?
Does anyone think the San Diego Chargers will win the Super Bowl?
Do you think MLB should go to the 2-2-1-1-1 format for the post season?
Is it just me, or do Foles struggle with avoiding pressure?
Who thinks JJ Watt will be a Hall of Famer one day?
Swimming? What do I do now?
How do I make my basketball coach like me?
5 stars promised:TNA wrestling reintroducing bubba ray???
Professional Wrestling: What do you think about this statement on Current and Past Professional Wrestling?
who is the best rebounder in nba 2k14?
what socks do i wear for iceskateing?
how old is nash grier?
What national team is better, Chile or Mexico?
What will it take for the Chargers to beat the Broncos on Sunday?
Dose anyone else think the nfl is rigged?
How come wrestling is not like a big thing in high school?
What do you think of Triple H saying if he had WWE Network when he was younger he wouldn't leave couch?
When are Australian Open schedules released?
Arsenal, Chelsea or Man City - which club's manager has been most open about wanting to win the title?
Why were people saying that Hernandez goal was another Man United off side goal?
NFL fans: On a scale of 1-10, how closely do you follow the other major sports?
Who thinks the only QB that can OWN Colin Kaepernick is Andrew Luck AKA The New Tom Brady?
How to prevent scratching others in cheerleading stunts?
Is this good for starting back up getting in shape running?
Wondering about ice skating?
How to prevent scratching others in cheerleading stunts?
Did Nick Saban hire Lane Kiffin as offensive coordinator just to make Tennessee fans hate Alabama more?
When you go skydiving for the first time, is it required to have an instructor attached to you?
Is Jonathan Quick great enough to stonewall Team Canada and propel the US to Gold at Sochi or no? Why?
Could y'all help me here?
Can right wingers play as left wingers in football(soccer)?
Since the Superbowl is in New York, haven't the Patriots already won it?
Can I train myself to run 1km in 4.5mins in a fortnight?
Should I drop Jrue Holiday?
Does any one have any tips for travel volleyball?
Will RVP and Rooney stick around when man utd finish outside top 4 or are they Chelsea bound?
Should the Thunder trade Kevin Durant?
How bad are the Ain'ts going to get pounded in Seattle?
help with Madden 12 xbox passing game?
Wrestling Match help?
Who is/was the best RB of all time?
MAGIC Johnson, What does M.A.G.I.C. stand for?
Your favourite hockey fighter?
i want footprint insole technology insoles what kind should i get?
Do you think it's a shame that Shane Mcmahon has more grey hair than his 68 year old father?
bullpup shotgun converstion kit?
what are your predictions for Atletico Madrid vs Barcalona?
What are some good bindingness snowboard tricks?
Please Read Description?
Why does Mark McGwire continue to get votes and stay on the ballot when he admitted he used roids?
Where can I buy sweatpants for volleyball??
Why do all the so called Experts think the 49ers will beat the Panthers at their house?
Do you think Fred McGriff would get into the Baseball Hall of Fame if he Hit over 500 Home Runs?
Hottest/most attractive girl sport? (guys)?
Question of the night... what are you listening to Scottish section?
Is Desean Jackson overrated?
Fixed gear bike recommendations under $400-450?
What muscles are used while swimming breaststroke?
does the lou macari chippy at oldtrafford make good chips?
Ok I'm tired of people saying that Lebron might me better than MJ or he is the next MJ. What do you think?
i want a skateboard but dont know what to get?
Its looking very much like Samaras will be leaving this month. How will he be remembered by the Celtic fans?
How bad will the saints get beat tomorrow?
What do judges look for in competitions for ITF Taekwon-do?
How is this Chicago Bulls mix i made?
Is it true that Rodmans vertical was 45 plus inches?
What would you think if Kobe,Lebron & KD joins with Dennis Rodman in North Korea?
How to build more stamina/muscular endurance for running?
Is the 2004 NFL QB draft class the best?
which match of the day are you following?
Who's least/most scariest player to ever mess with? Jerry Stackhouse, Ron Artest, or Latrell Sprewell?
Define \breaking down play\?
who are the best wingers in the premiere league right now?
Help with cartwheel or am I too fat for cheer?
What are your top 3 NBA teams?
who will give me coins on fifa 14 ultimate team for ps3?
When you go skydiving with an instructor, is there no separation between you?
Is Pro Westling lifestyle fun? Also what's it like?
benfica vs porto on 1-12-14?
which defender has supplied the best crosses in the premier league up to now?
is track in high school hard?
In soccer if a ball falls put of bound after a foul does the ball belong to?
NFL conspiracy: According to recent history, the San Diego Chargers are 2014 SB champs...?
I saw this the other day, and now it's appearing in the Cricket Section?
Which five manchester united players would you sell right now?
What football position should I play?
Biggest duck ever: Belt in the trash or \My health comes first\?
is shane harper a christain?
Manny Pacquiao vs Thomas Hearns,Sugar Ray Robinson, And Floyd Mayweather?
Why is everyone giving the AFC to the Broncos?
Are the Dodgers the team to beat in the NL?
front wheel bearing replacmet?
How and where can i learn to wrestle?
Will Johnny Manziel be the next Tony Romo?
What breed would you call a double registered appendix paint horse?
2014 Indiana Pacers or 2002 Sacramento Kings?
Swimming Improvement?
how do breath under water?
How to prepare for track tryouts?
Rivers vs. Cutler who is better?
WS What was the point of TNA's Main Event match between AJ Styles VS Magnus?
What happens if you parachute into school?
Who in all that's wicked w/ the world would accept a bounty on Dixie Carter?
How to increase stamina for football?
who's better Drew Brees or Nick Foles?
What do you think about these up and coming fights in 2014?
what year and what is the worth of a Winchester Model 94-30 30 serial # 2,401,039?
Where are all the Seattle Seahawks fans? For crying out loud, people, make yourself known!!?
Why is the 2014 Winter Olypimics is Sochi Russia , when Sochi is a sub tropical location?
I was away for 3 weeks are Liverpool still on top of the table?
If you could relate any NBA superstar to a NBA legend who would it be?
How come yaya toure won the africa best player 3 times?
How to choose a good horse?
What are some stretches to boost your growthspurt?
What are some stretches to boost your growthspurt?
What are some stretches to boost your growthspurt?
How can I watch Formula 1 races in the United States without cable television?
I have a bet with a friend the Pats will beat the Dolts. Loser has to go shopping in a dress and team cap?
how to join a sport bike club or find someone to ride with?
How do I get wrinkles out of a Nike NFL Limited jersey without using an iron?
What exercises do they make you do at football tryouts?
Are clubs like man unt and borussia Dortmund fantastical suicide by allowing Wayne Rooney and lewandolski?
Go down on weight in boxing?
How do I become a better yahoo contributor?
Anyone have a spot in their fantasy baseball keeper league?
Why do Raider fans hate Randy Moss so much? what did he do that has made them despise him so much?
What is your opinion of last night's T.N.A.?
is Philip Rivers an Elite QB?
Pacquiao calls Mayweather a coward finally. Will this insult stung Floyd into making the fight?
Why does the IWC hate Bo Dallas?
DO YOU THINK HE HAD THE MISTAKE OF SACKING ANDRE VILLAS BOAS..?
Why didn't any team want Vontaze Burfict until the Bengals got him?
MFS: How will Cruz Azul play against Santos?
how many coaches does an NFL team have?
Why do people say lebron needed 2 other superstars to win the championship look at mj and pippen.?
Goal of the Season so far?
Is there any way to find Dennis Rodman's secrets in life?
i have a hunter bike that my brother in law gave me how much are these bikes worth?
Playoffs?? Need advice with my fantasy line up this week!?
Is Nick Foles overrated?
Buying a gun as a college student?
What was the date and time of day that Paul Henderson's goal in game 8 of the 1972 summit series?
What's your opinion on last night's TNA...?
How would ankle weights affect my body?
Which of these players are the most injury prone this season?
How do I mount a weaver rail laser site on a Crosman American Classic Air pistol?
Bud Selig appeared to me in a dream and said the Mariners will win the AL West with 92 games?
Why do the VW Golf electric windows open of their own accord when the car is parked?
Who's the most injury prone this year from greatest to least?
I am looking to purchase a composite holster, does an unlined holster cause damage to the gun?
Does this line remind you of any incident related to Cricket?
What is one fall to a finish?
What does Pryton Manning have left to prove?
Competing at Royal Windsor Horse Show help (any one who has been to it, please read!)?
Do wearing a jockstrap help lift your butt?
Which team is better St. Louis or Toronto?
Do you think Peyton manning will ever throw a game before he retires!?
how much the range of 9mm pistol fire point to last point and effective range?
Where can i get the new wwe network?
Big News concerning NXT?
How do you take out a hunting umbrella out of a tree?
Why is Erislandy Lara so overrated?
Question about firearm classes and licenses?
What could this mean? Could this mean anything?
whos the best wrestler out of The rock The undertaker and cm punk?
Do you think Fellaini will come through for united as a solid defensive midfielder?
Who will be the Vikings next head coach?
Use the formula S = n^2 to find the sum of 1 + 3 + 5 + ... + 501?
I'm going to be in the Fresno State ROTC next year but I need to prepare for the PT?
Should I hang onto Eric Bledsoe? (through meniscus surgery)?
What is your opinion on Bayern Munich's rise in recent years?
Why does Hockey Goalies have reputation of being crazy?
Going crab fishing.. bait question?
Can you work out with sport watches?
Why do Lebron fans think we care about wether or not someones being a \team player?\?
Where can I get knife templets?
Will Pellegrini win the Premier League in his First season?
Is cardio with weights better than just cardio for losing body fat?
what do i wear while skiing in the rain?
Is homophobia the reason...?
Who thinks Colin Kaepernick is going to smoke Cam Newton and the Panthers and get 3 TD passes?
is ronaldinho still inform or he need to retire?
Who thinks Dominick Cruz and Jose Aldo should keep their hands down if they fight Faber and Mendes again?
About how much are tickets to a regular football game?
what happens in college football if a school gets more HS commits than scholarships available?
Good clean basket ball warmup songs (pre game)?
what skateboard should i get?
Is this trade fair for all the teams?
Why do people like the miz so much. To me he is a guy that can just talk on mic?
How many goals will hearts get done by tomorrow ?
What makes one firearm more accurate than the other?
Is it just me or does this season really suck?
Should i drop Jose Calderon Or Faried Or Sullinger ????? Need help want to make my squad better?
Jake the snake Roberts should have got a bigger pop?
skiing in the freezing rain!?
Where can i buy a Nike 2 iron?
Why haven't we heard anything about cold weather this weekend when it comes to San Diego vs. Denver?
UEFA CHAMPIONS LEAGUE 2015-16 QUESTION, PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE ANSWER GUYS !!!..?
Who is the most overrated goalkeeper in Liga MX?
what would you do if this event happend during the 2014 champions league final betwen barcelona and real mardr?
who is the best qb in the draft?
How does doping work?
Is there a site where you can watch training programs live?
What position in high school football would best fit me in sophomore year?
How to fit the correct MTB Bars?
Who thinks Faber, Mendes and Overeem are just satisfied with being good whereas Cruz and Hendricks r great?
Can Man Utd hold Swansea to a draw tomorrow evening ?
Should Jonathan Quick leave the net empty against San Jose in the playoffs or no?
Who agrees with me that Patrick Kane plays very similar to Paul Kariya?
Who is first captain of Indian cricket team?
Is 45% really that \inefficient\?
Mens vs womens Tubbs Mountaineer snowshoes both mens and womens have a 9x30 size- what is the difference ?
cardio workouts that will help with basketball?
How can I build more muscle for sprinting?
Gers Ian Redford Dead?
In NBA 2k14 mycareer does anyone play normal games or only key games?
Will the panthers beat the 49ers?
Have you ever got your ball signed at the tennis and who by?
what airsoft gun should I buy?
next blue jackets captain?
Gers Market Cap £18.88m?
Do you think Jay Gruden has gotten as far as he has based on merit or his last name?
do you need a permit to go camping or backpacking in Missouri?
what's the point of having Brock lesnar going after the title?
real martial artists, answer this please?
welcome back too Firhill Gary Fraser?
hey Man city fans should we get rid of those players (other fans welcome too!! :))?
NBA fantasy help real quick?
Where can I get cheap skateboards?
Isn't it a fact that argentina will contest some random other team?
where could i vote for NFL rookie of the year?
What are the chances of Johnson and Steyn being in the same IPL team?
Why does Kagawa only excel in Europe?
Tokarev tt33 vs CZ52 which is better gun?
What's your top 10 favorite TNA matches?
I RUN A FANTASY BASEBALL LEAGUE AND MY ONLY PROBLEM EVER YEAR IS FIGURING OUT HOW MUCH EACH PLAYER SHOULD BE?
Head winter gloves at costco?
who is top wicket taker in the test match?
Help!! I need durable jeans for horseback riding for my 11 yr old daughter. Any ideas?
Chargers to walk over the Broncos?
Will the Texans be back in the playoffs next year?
Seattle vs New Orleans?
Krazy_eye_killah's Colts vs Patsfan's Patriots; Who wins?
Now that 2K won't be making baseball games, who will?
If Cristiano Ronaldo ends up not winning the Ballon d'or who should be blamed, FIFA or the voters?
hookah ejuice.. awesome party idea?
Would you rather have an excellent GM and average head coach or vice versa?
10 points airsoft gun cant decided?
How come football is the only sport in the US that the playoffs aren't 7 games series?
Would u drop kobe Bryant for J J reddick?
Boxing section - Dinith in the red corner, Angry in the blue corner?
So, is there a reason TNA made Styles lose the title?
What should I do if I got a piledriver in school wrestling?
Should FSU have to forfeit the NC game for covering up the rape charges for J.W?
STEEL's Chargers vs Chalise's Broncos; Who wins?
ive got my first varsity wrestling match today?
Does a butterfly stretch help learn a split?
Ye Olde Sniper Rifle Choice?
Gamo PT-85 vs Winchester Model 11 by Daisy?
Help me please to get my reations?
Why do NBA teams keep employing JR Smith?
How many more years do the Astros have before they become contenders?
What do they make you do at football tryouts ?
Do Royal Rumble wrestlers wear earpieces?
Messi or Ronaldo??? Who is actually better??
J-Mag's 49ers vs Panther Fan's Panthers; Who wins?
NFC Champion Seahawks VS. 'different' Saints?
Manchester United fans are we in agreement with Robbie Savage?
Remember when Liverpool fans thought they would win the league ........?
world cup brazil 2014?
MLB 2014 All Star Game predictions?
NBA 2K13 franchise Mavericks, Hawks, or Raptors?
how do i deal with pressure?
How can i increase vigour?
how do you fix loose snowboard bindings if they keep coming loose?
Do you capitalize \national championship\?
TCW: Whom do you support to win at the Royal Rumble?
Are Michael McGillicutty and Cutis Axel Twins?
Saint Liv's Saints vs Jasin's Seahawks; Who wins?
Did Sonny Liston have the most powerful jab in heavyweight boxing history?
who is going to win tomorrow colts or patriots?
Will you be surprised if Messi wins the ballondor award again this time ?
ABUism: Can Chelsea, Arsenal, Spurs Everton, City, Liverpool... ALL win the PL..?
Which clubs will finish top 4 this season?
As far as pure grit and determination goes what fighters had the most?
Was dirty fighting techniques more acceptable in the old days of boxing?
Why did people believe that the announcement on Wednesday was the return of the Attitude Era?
What fighters in your opinion had the greatest integrity and why?
How should I fight in this boxing match?
Is it a bad idea to get a Concealed Weapons permit in CA?
What is the MOST time a team can run off the clock on a single drive in the NFL?
Why are people in the Cricket section so angry? :/?
How can I improve my swimming?
I've just started running and averaged 7:30 for each mile over a distance of 3 miles, is that good?
Any hdfc axis icici banks debit card are accepted at bet365??? Anyone tried??? Tell me the present scenario?
Is galactic snow sports Legit?
Looking for some info on a baseball card?
i am asking whether the salary paid to tennis player coaches is paid by tennis players or by their government?
Will ESPN and the Herald fire Dan...?
NFC Bout: Cam VS Colin ~ 15 rounds?
Explain to me how Alex McLeish, Steve McLaren & Paul Jewell are bad managers?
Did Mitchell Johnson watch this video before the start of the ashes series?
Did Mitchell Johnson watch this video before the start of the ashes series?
Is Walther p99 paintball gun good or not ?
Please explain to me the WWE network?
Who do you think will win the Ballon d'or gala?
what is the record for most goals scored in a season by one player, in any league nhl, ahl,ohl anywhere?
How cool would it be if Mike Trout...?
Isnt it amazing how far Curtis Axel has come?
How is this question a violation?
What should I eat five hours before a swim meet?
can I buy a rifle or shotgun?
Will Cristiano Ronaldo still win the Ballon d'or 2013?
Why am i more liked by Rangers fans than Celtic?
What are your Goals for the new year?
Is it suitable to wear a jockstrap to school? (Teacher)?
Why do people get reported here so often?
So will cr7 still win the Ballon d'or?
what martial art suits me?
Why doesn't offense use teamwork in a play?
Research paper in PE, about volleyball. I have to turn it in my midnight tonight. Please help...?
Was Micheal Jackson Asian then turned native?
Since Daniel Bryan is with The Wyatt Family now, will this start another CM Punk and Daniel Bryan feud?
10 points: Why would my BMX make intermittent knocking sounds?
Why doesn't NHL Network air live Predators Games?
How do you play Cricket?
Who will win the WWE World Heavyweight Championship at The Royal Rumble 2014? John Cena or Randy Orton?
Boxing: Novicehakeem, where did all that come from?
Where do you think Southampton F.C. will finish this season?
Do you think it's time for the medical team to be bringing Schumacher?
What is Freddie Roach's record against Robert Garcia trained fighters?
my all time starting XL (this season)?
Besides having a good game against the Packers what has Michael Crabtree done in his career?
Will the Baltimore Ravens win another AFC title and another Super Bowl with QB Joe Flacco at the helm?
Is Colin Kaepernick white, or black?
is a bb/pellet gun concidered a firearm in the state of Pa ? I am thinking of getting a bb/pellet rifle.?
Should crowd noise be allowed to affect a game?
Why isn't Vitor Belfort part of the Brazilian pack in the UFC?
Should the maimi heat trade Chris Bosch for Jeremy lin?
Who's going to the superbowl? Andrew Luck, or Peyton Manning?
Good lifting routine for swimmer on scholarship track?
Colin Kaepernick, or Nick Foles?
Why do so many Penguins fans hate Jaromir Jagr?
How to check the list of top goal scorers in fifa 14? (PC version)?
How to check the list of top goal scorers in fifa 14? (PC version)?
barca fans what are your thoughts on tomorrows game?
How to check the list of top goal scorers in fifa 14? (PC version)?
Who is going to lose job this weekend in premier league?
Is scuba diving not for me?
is cm punk the smartest guy on the mic in wwe?
Why is the Cricket section so boring these days?
is my suspension shot?
Jeff Jarrett should be in TNA Hall of fame not Sting and Kurt Angle?
How to get gas airsoft guns to function better in the winter.?
Is Roman Reigns better than Dean Ambrose and Seth Rollins of the Shield?
Mandžuki? vs Lewandowski?
What NFL team should i support?
Best rod setup for a shark?
Could wwe ever schedule their any live event in india?
Wrestling: Who's Your Favorite Face Wrestler(s) Of All Time?
The Giant Drop VS Skydiving?
What ammo works best in the .22 benjamin discovery?
if i have a 40lb longbow what spined arrows do i get?
Why do people love football so much?
What do you think of my video on Manchester United's decline?
Recall all the names and make a list of the WWE superstars that have never been heel + BQ.?
In a football (soccer) match can a defender take a goal kick?
Good brand of desert digital trousers and jacket?
OK so what is the best cardio exercises to do for MMA training?
Which tv channel will telecast ballon d'or live in india?
Moyes is destroying Man utd by his Negativity rather than the poor players ?
Is it okay to ice skate if i have back pain?
Which used treadmill?
How do you box on the \wrong side\ against a southpaw? ...............?
what is the name of the website that has ever wrestler not just wwe?
Who has snapchat?? So we can trade;)?
which hockey players on ice hockey began with the in-line?
Was George Armstrong the worst Leafs captain ever?
What are the qualities of hurdle.and what are table specification of hurdle?
can an ak47 hit clays sitting on a fence at 200 yrds with open sights?
who is andibatts and redhead2439?
Do people take it way too seriously over Smalling party incident?
Predict results for Week 2, Liga MX?
Best Los Angeles Clippers jersey?
Is it hard to learn how to snowboard?
Where can I buy NBA jerseys in Sydney?
Anyone know of any TaylorMade forged irons from around 2009?
World Cup in winter ? Thoughts ?
how old were you when you started MA and how old are you now?
I found a bird skull?
Exercises that improve punching power?
Am I right, or wrong, in my observation?
What are the effects of cycling?
Guys, are you excited for Australian Open which will start in 3 days?
Eden Hazard to PSG in the summer?
9x19mm vs 7.62x25 Discuss it or leave it?
What position in the league will we be by easter?
Please explain football/soccer!?
How Much Financial Demands is Bill Goldberg Asking To The WWE?
Is their such a thing in Karate called 'Eight Directional Punch'?
Is my snorkel long enough?
Are there any good spinners in the Ranji Trophy?
I really enjoy watching hockey on tv even though I don't know the rules. Where can I learn the basics?
Can someone enlighten me on this?
is there a safe website to buy genuine hand made katanas machetes etc?
what are the basics of Basketball?
Who is your favorite current or past WWE superstar? c:?
Would Georgios Samaras be able to score in any other league.....?
Why is chelsea fc very strong in the big matches and weird playing in the sucky matches?
Brandon Jennings or Jeff Teague (NBA Fantasy)?
How high is a WWE ring apron?
whats up with the wwe divas division?
Which is the most complete and deadly martial art in the world?
What was your favourite wwe 2013 moment?
Is Kane ever gonna wrestle again?
What is the best wwe submission move ever?
Which of the current wwe superstars use steroids?
Was the cena vs orton match at tlc scripted?
Why is there such a bias towards New South Wales in Australian cricket?
How to use JB bore paste ?
I bought a lakers crew neck and it still hasn't gotten here?
Barcelona vs Atletico Madrid predictions?
Can i take Grenade Thermo Detonator at 17 years old?
how can i run a half marathon with hardly any training?
Celtic fans... what do you think of the chance of Samaras going for £750,000?
Cheap vets in Western Pa.?
Whose an beloved NHL great who you hate and why?
Am i cut out for Karate?
Who was considered the Greatest Ever before Pele ?
Is swimming with a shirt on weird?
Would a derailleur be the work of faulty adjustment or transportation?
Groin attack????????????????
What's up basketball section?
How can I sell my World Cup 2014 tickets?
Should this HS Football coach be fired?
How to pick an NFL team to support if you're in the UK?
Who else agrees that The Shield are highly overrated?
How to win in madden?
When you're doing a handstand is it your legs or arm that have the most weight on them?
whats the speech video.?
whats the speech video.?
Step by step on how to learn to do a frontflip off a mini-tramp?
Will Australia become the No 1?
Does any white man ever played for west indies?
jaden white athelete at mjhs?
How many famous choking moments you can remember in the cricket?
Panthers Offense rank?
Which wheel barrel would be easy to carry?
Guess what happens in the NBA in 20 days?
if australia win the series vs Sa and India beat NZ, will india be no.1 ranked in tests?
Is dolph ziggler the wwe version of miss piggy?
Is Daniel Bryan the wwe version of scooby doo?
Is randy orton the wwe version of Winnie the Pooh?
Is Alberto del rio the wwe version of Dora the explorer?
Boxing: Why is it that Floyd ain't naming his opponent yet?
What do you think of that picture of Kevin Durant?
table tennis club team in Kingston?
There are too many League of Legends players, need help.?
What position in high school football would best fit me in my sophomore year?
If you ride a motorcycle, what kind is it?
What are some good careers in baskeetball?
Can my 21 year old cousin buy me a handgun in the state of Maine?
Was George Bailey's inclusion in the test side a mistake?
Can't Knick fans be happy and cheer without Heat fans being so butthurt?
Breaking News: Did you know Swann's great great grandfather had survived the Titanic disaster?
Is my cricket bat cracking?
Can I be an NFL Quarterback at .001104 Miles in height?
Who the hell is Big Jock?
Beginners ice skating question?
How much is a giant anthem x3 2011 worth? Good condition?
polaris indy 400 cdi upgrade?
So what exactly are yoga types?
select one man for your team now, anderson or johnson?
How to get recruited for basketball?
Calvin Johnson or Terrell Owens?
ever heard of Feyenoord?
Does it go dark at night where your from?
Quitting the softball teams vs. playing?
hav Proteas batters become much stable to handle even a world XI consisting of Murli and Warne at Galle?
Can you use skid boots for barrel racing?
MQ.)Can DeKock get a chance in Test side too now?
Could a Lakers team featuring Love and Carmelo make the postseason?
Girls ......what do u think of brandon routh?
what the hell is 1x5, 3x3?? (gym stuff)?
Is it just me or does durant seem to get every call posssible?
Girls...what do ya think of brandon routh?
How many wins did Glavine & Maddux get because David Justice & Ron Gant were on ped's?
Professional Wrestling: did you realize These Superstars/Divas where still on the WWE Roster?
Why do teams color in their End Zone later in seasons?
Places to go camping near Bedford Massachusetts?
So is Styles done with TNA?
Do you think 30 years old is too old to take martial arts classes?
Is cricket the most underrated sport in the world?
Duncan Keith-Future Hall of Famer?
help shooting shotgun?
Is this a decent bike for $600?
Anybody else think Kevin Durant is overrated?
Is Russel Westbrook's best days behind him after all his injuries?
Do you think S Lanka have it in them?
Should I take HGH or Prohormones to make D1 football team?
An Ode to Mitch's Mo?
Should the leafs focus on the draft?
Is this not a great article when you have to defend pro-wrestling from haters?
TNA POLL: Who's your favorite wrestler?
Chicago Bears predictions?
Look at how the Bayern Munich league team and other transactions?
How much of a factor do you think the weather will play in Super Bowl XLVIII?
Sports to get involved in?
advice on training for javelin?
Why can't I score a lot like my teamates does !??!?
does tna need the iron sheik ,icp,bobby lashley and shad gaspard?
Should Madrid get ilkay Gundogan ?
volleyball knee injury?
How can I run a sub 1:25:00 Half marathon?ASAP?
Has this been the worst 5 years for world class centrebacks in the history?
what are the jobs of football players on a 8 man team both offense and defense?
I can't swim, please help.?
should we worry about martial law?
whats the best way to learn how to speed skate???
So Miami Dolphins fans i hear you guys want Kubiak as your OC?
Who makes the better quality knife; MTech or TacForce? Looking for a new knife and want a quality blade...?
Am I too short for football in highschool?
How do we know that Maddux, Glavine and Thomas didn't use steroids? Just because they?
WRESTLING : If you were to choose a wwe superstar (CURRENT) to play Hercules/Film who?
What do you guys think of Seung Woo Lee from Barcelona ?
The Cowboys Were The Most Entertaining To Watch Team This Season, Agree or Disagree?
If more athletes knew steroids are a concentrated form of horse urine,?
Will Spain have another Golden Generation ?
Why can't some people accept the fact that Kobe was a better scorer in his prime than Lebron?
Willing stretching once a week make me more flexible?
is WWE parting ways with usa Syfy and other networks and having every show on wwe network?
Every time I load up a game on my ps4 ..it say you will have to log out ...error has occurred !!...any help?
Now the Poms want to whitewash our ANZACS. Talk about sour grapes. C'mon lads one is life and death?
When Will You Join The wwe network?
is robby gordon(dakar)the same in nascar until 08?
Which NBA player can accomplish a double-triple-double?
Was I wrong for what I did today while playing soccer?
Which jets jersey should i get (rephrased)?
Prediction Jornada 2?
Professional Wrestling: What did you think of Total Nonstop Action?
Do the Detroit Pistons ever play against the Harlem Globetrotters?
How to stop nba 2k14 3 point cheese?
Do you think Sting and the good guys in tna Will overtake Dixie Carter and team dixie?
Jack Morris didn't making the HOF on his last try,Thoughts?
Do high school softball teams travel?
Professional Wrestling: What do you think about this Statement about CM Punk Stone Cold Steve Austin and ADR?
True or False: If Peyton Manning gets bounced out by the Chargers his playoff legacy takes a huge hit?
Who is your favorite player and why?
So this is how AJ Styles' last match went!? A Dixie Carter screwjob?
Genesis prediction???????
What did you think of AJ Styles match against Magnus for the TNA Championship?
So was that suppose to be the TNA Impact \moment\?
Why are there so many Rangers fans on long island?
Is this ridiculous or does it make sense?
Can you back Rachel Nichols' (ESPN) *** up into a fridge?
k2 WWW size for weight/height?
True or False- The Heat need homecourt advantage throughout the playoffs to win the championship?
How is the bass fishing in New York ?
In the next twenty (20) years which MLB team is least likely to participate in the World Series?
Is Ellyse Perry really that hot?
Why does TNA like to overbook the crap out of their matches?
I want to start archery?
What jets jersey should i get?
umm im 5,5 in my hieght?
Could I play Madden NFL 2007?
TNA's New Undertaker in the works??
Was Sir Viv Richards also scared of Lillie & Thomson in his career?
Should the NHL get rid of the shootout?
Danny \Swift\ Garcia vs Aaron Pryor \Hawk Time\?
What did Bully Ray mean when he put the baby clothes on the casket on TNA?
Will the peasants of Britannia accept Magnus as champion?
What do you think of Taz saying in his opinion Magnis is the real champion?
why can't i seem to get playing time in basketball?
Why doesn't Kevin Durant get much serious support for being the best player in the league?
Toughing up the elbows by hitting heavy bags?
If Atletico finish top after Saturday's game do you still believe they'll finish 3rd in the league?
What is it going to take for the Chicago Bulls to admit signing Derick Rose to a big contract and not trading?
With player rotations being capped to 120 per game how are the AFL going to police it?
What is this madness? Ireland isn't part of UK?
are these katanas worth buying?
aj styles vs magnus & cm punk vs john cena same gimmick?
Basketball Team New Kew?
How Will WWE Network Free Trial Work?
Why do the Heat always struggle against the Knicks?
Buy or sell: put prime Kobe on the Heat and he scores 61 points tonight and the Knicks get blown out?
How did Bully Ray leave the cemetary in just three seconds?
what are some good endurance training routines and what are some good sprinting tips/techniques?
Should I get an arrow rest?
Is Carmelo Anthony a watered down version of Kobe Bryant offensively?
What do you think of Bully Ray saying Mr. Anderson took everything from him?
Why is Lebron so great and efficient whilst guys like MJ, Kobe, Carmello ect....?
What does the inches of a bowstring signify?
If you were Kurt Angle and Al Snow told you there was an emergency, would you leave with Al Snow?
Can I tell what my bow's draw weight is?
Has Kurt Angle not seen TNA tonight? Why would he leave with Al Snow?
How old were you when you knew you wern't going to become a professional soccer player?
Do you think WWE misses the attitude era?
All bow experts/bowhunters help me. Please view question before this one.?
What do you think Kurt Angle's emergency was?
Can I swim with a chipped toenail?
Will Aj Mccaron join the 2014 NFL Draft?
Is there a better feeling than embarrassing someone at soccer who is cocky?
Do youagree with Taz, do you need a little time tom prepare for Sting?
Who do you believe is the best Wide Receiver of all time and why? and who is the best Quarterback of all time?
Why didn't they name this week's Impact Lockdown?
Why am I so bad at basketball?
Are the LA Angels the revival to the LA Dodgers?
Is there a little bit of momentum for Kurt Angle next week against Bobby Roode?
what are the pros and cons of these dirtbikes and which is worth the price?
Recently i have really enjoyed watching the NHL, so out of the following teams, which should i support?
Bow experts, this question is one for.?
Would it had been stupid if Bobby Roode faced Kurt Angle tonight in the steel cage?
Should I bet on Serena Williams winning the Australian open?
The ECB have announced that no Australians will be allowed to play county cricket after the Ashes debacle?
Can anyone tell me what iv missed on tna so far?
what the fuck happened to dennis rodman's face?
How to get better at 3 pointers?
Do you think it's smart of Dixie Carter to take out all of AJ Styles Friends?
I'm nervous to go run outside..?
I'm asking myself and to you guys what Sting is asking, \What happened to you (Dixie Carter)?
Who Should Undertaker Face At Wrestlemania 30?
what does this guy have in common with an ex VFL/AFL player?
Should I join football for high school?
Should I join football for highsxhool?
LOL why is TNA trying to copy the john cena and cm punk fued from whenever cena and punk were fueding in 2011?
What is Ozil's assist club career total?
How was that a no contest?
NBA: How come when you type in Stephen A Smith gets owned on a YT video nothing comes up?
Has there ever been a pitcher whose last complete game in his career was thrown on the last day of the season?
who agrees that seattle crushes saints? just like last time? when they won, 34-7?
Would these pro wrestlers add anything to TNA and ROH if they were added to either promotion?
How do you become a sponsered surfer?
Wow!! Do you think Gunner is brave or dumb for putting his TNA title briefcase on the line?
Why did Liverpool buy Aspas?
What competitive swimsuit size am I?
Do you agree with Taz, Gunner shouldn't have decided to face James Storm for the case?
What did TNA wrestler Gunner do before working security on Impact?
chargers or panthers: who has better shot at win?
Where and how much could I purchase a PPSH-41?
Is 22 years old too old to start career in pro Wrestling? Also what does it take to become pro wrestler?
Is the blood on Ethan Carter going to be on Dixie's hand When Samoa Joe faces him tonight?
WRESTLING : Which announcement did you find more groundbreaking WWE NETWORK or BATISTA'S return?
Agree/Disagree: The Royal Rumble Is A Bigger PPV Than Summerslam .. !?
What do yall think of the Hall Of Fame Finalist?
Did Dixie Carter make both AJ Styles and Samoa Joe?
nmsfr do yall believe in ghosts?
why does yao minq the tallest center in the nba?
Martial arts advice please?
Lebron and Carmelo both have 13 points at halftime, BUT...?
Martial arts advice please?
How to improve myself in soccer?
the year my winchester model 1400 ranger was made serial no. N1127178?
Why were the Madrid fans booing Di Maria?
Did Arbeloa really run Bale over in his car?
How can I regain my interest in tennis?
Thoughts on Controversial referee Muñiz Fernández dropped from FIFA list?
Caicedo joins Valencia, Is this a good deal?
Should Dixie Carter change the name of TNA?
What are your thoughts on Dixie Carter calling AJ Styles children \little Minnie-Me redneck kids\?
WWE Fans, I Have Some Good News .. !?
Should I wait or call?
How sweet would it be if AJ Styles beats Magnus and becomes the only TNA champ?
what is the best martial art for me?
Should I wait or call?
How many goals will be scored in week 2 of liga mx?
what's worth more autographed?
has CM Punk ever had \That\ WrestleMania moment?
Will the Green Bay Packers will win it all in 2014-15?
What should I do if my archery bow's draw weight is too strong for me?
Who would you rather have representing your city: Roethlisberger the Rapist or Rogers the Gay Blade?
Nba 2k14 My Career question?
Is tonight the biggest match ever on Impact?
Did Anyone Else Think Aj Lee And Kaitlyn Was Going To Kiss On Main Event .. !?
Why are people picking the B-Hawks to repeat as Cup Champs when their D isn't as good as it was last year?
what year was my winchester model 1400 12 gauge ranger made serial no. N1127178?
How can I tell my track coach that I'm quitting?
I think my football coach dislikes me?
Which mountain bike is better?
Why is it hard to do a one handed handstand?
Shawn Michaels vs Eddie Guerrero?
Please pray for Michael Schumacher.?
NBA FANTASY:I just got offered Ty Lawson and Harden for Aldridge, Holiday, and Parsons..should I accept?
Which fighting style for me?
Do You Agree That CM Punk Won't Main Event WrestleMania 30 Or 31 .. !?
Will the 49ers defeat the Carolina Panthers on Sunday in the NFL Divisional?
where I can download the signatures of nascar drivers?
I need help deciding about surfing?
I need help deciding about surfing?
Can i join ROTC while on a football scholarship?
What are your thoughts on Thomas Hitzlsperger?
is Brett Favre eligible for the Hall of Fame next year or 2016?
how much is a marlin 336 at Walmart?
Have Man City FAILED since the takeover?
Is Floyd Mayweather still fighting Amir Khan in May or is the sweepstakes still up for grabs?
Fifa 14 squad update?
Who are the worst Cm Punk fans in the wrestling section?
How does Miley Cyrus feel about coming out holding Floyd Mayweather's belts when he fights in May?
Anything Good Happening In TNA Tonight?
Jeff Hardy and Goldberg returning to WWE?
Which elite forward is scoring more points tonight, Carmelo Anthony, Lebron James or Kevin Durant?
Is a Super Bowl 48 matchup featuring the Saints and the Patriots realistic at this point?
Whats your favorite striking combo?
Who do you feel is the 3rd best player in MLB right now?
How will the NFL handle recreational marijuana in Denver?
How Can People Take CM Punk Seriously When He Is So Skinny .. !?
What size magazine do you use in your airsoft gun?
Do you think the amount of users in this section accurately reflects the popularity of cricket in each nation?
What are peoples thoughts on who the superbowl contenders will be?
why is the yankees baseball cap so famous?
How can you not respect wrestlers like Daniel Bryan who has true passion for wrestling?
Are you a cricket tragic?
WRESTLING: Why do people think that Randy Orton is boring and stale?
I picked a fight with the wrong guy.?
How bad would European teams destroy MLS?
Is 160 ponds heavy for a 5'7 girl.?
Should I quit gymnastics? How important is it to be committed to one sport?
How can I improve my rebounding and scoring?
Seahawks-49ers in the nfc championship. Who agrees?
why would you like to be a patriots?
Where should I get my snowboard waxed and tuned up?
Can you help me find a good mountain bike > $1000?
who fans are worse cm punk or Daniel bryan?
Do you agree Triple H is better than Stone Cold Steve Austin?
Is Cm Skunk the most overrated wrestler ever in wwe?
How much is Torres paid a week to not score?
How come no one question Frank Thomas using PEDs?
When will the BBWAA take their foot out their assess?
What is the best city in Argentina?
So after Manziel is drafted he's not allowed to have fun anymore?
Will the English women retain the Ashes?
Where can I find inexpensive surfboards online?
How many times has Brendon Rodgers managed to get a team to finish in the top 4?
is Dennis Rodman related to Mr. Potato Head?
Looking for 1970s NY semi-pro football team...Navajo?
im 16 and i live in florida what do i have to do to get a rifle?
THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU!!!?
why are people worried about barca having to play city?
Did AJ Lee break Maryse's record already or is there still hope?
Need new mountain bike...(help)?
Are fan bases really \better\ or \worse\ than any other?
Is Martina Navratilova Still Fit?
would it be a stupid idea to play leo messi in the athletic game on saturday?
My brother and dad said I should quit sports?
Is Yaya Toure the best midfielder in the world?
How long do you think A-Rod's suspension should last?
You think if CM Punk wasn't interrupted in his match with Roman Reigns he still would have lost?
Is Deontay Wilder really a glass jaw tooth picked leg bum that fights bums.......?
How Do I become the Captain of My Track Team?
where can i buy a dartboard tabard for a female?
What's the deal with the whole Ric Flair/49ers/Panthers saga?
What is the best player of Manchester United?
With EA Sports dropping NCAA Football, is there any rumors or chances of another company making one?
What are the worst booking decisions ever in pro wrestling?
United fans: do you STILL stand by Moyes ...?
how can I improve endurance running?
How can I become a faster sprinter in track?
Should Matthew Stafford Get A Say On Who The Lions Coach Should Be?
Why was Chris Bosh, Wade, and LeBron all in the all star game at the same time?
My first gun? Pistol or Hunting Rifle?
Wrestling section: What are some of the things that Del Rio says in Spanish?
am I considered a good runner?
how to ID a crossbow?
Has the standard of streaking declined in recent years?
How many Interceptions will Russell Wilson throw this weekend in his game against the Saints defense.?
How to start parkour?
Baseball help practice?
Can a minor go to a PBR event?
Do You Like What Your Baseball Team Did In The Off Season?
Why do some Track spikes have different number of Spikes?
Rugby winger postion movement?
Who is the best DB coming into the NFL Draft this year?
Placing bets on this weekends football games?
Im 14years old and 5\9 140-150lbs. What postion would be best for me in football. I can catch real good.?
Premier League table predictions?
I want to start watching college football~help?
Most attractive game for the \Jornada 2\?
Kid Gavilan; how would he fare in the height of the 80's welterweights?
Canelo vs Angulo signed. Who wins?
Do you see Roman Reigns as the next Rock?
How long is the transfer embargo on Hearts?
Professional Wrestling: Why does Ryback seem to have a growing Fanbase?
KD 6 Energy or KD 6 Away II?
NFC Division Playoff: Harvin to suit up! Predicitions?
Do You Think Marvin Lewis Should Be Fired?
Wrestling section: Who do you think is going to win in the match against Styles and Magnus tonight?
Any tips on fishing largemouth bass in 30-50 degree weather?
Will running on the treadmill slim or bulk my calves?
WWE 2K14 Online Too Hard?
How do I sooth muscle pain after running?
Why do people keep saying Aaron Rogers is gay?
should jack swagger get back into the main event picture?
What is your favorite NFL team?
How to surpise boyfriend with NFL tickets?
Want to start a sport at 16?
Should I join my high school swim team?
airsoft gun for 9 and 10 year old backyard fighting?
Why Does Del Rio Speak Spanish Most Of The Time When He Talks?
Could Lebron James join the NFL and become a receiver or tight end for the Philadelphia Eagles?
Can i use Fast Orange hand cleaner to clean my skateboard bearings?
whats better ,the kicker cvx or dvc round ?
Which road team do you think has the best chance of winning this weekend?
I've always wanted to learn and master a martial art but never could, could I be able to invent my own?
how to be a good catcher?
What's the difference between the English cricket team and a funeral director?
Colin Kaepernick or Michael Vick who have a stronger arm?
Wrestling section: Who would win in a fight between Austin Aries and CM Punk?
Would we be able to watch RAW and SmackDown live on WWE network or only replays?
How much did the Attitude Era stars make per match, per year, etc...?
Can the Knicks upset the Heat tonight?
What's your opinion on Robert Guerrero trying to split from Golden Boy?
How do you feel about Kaepernick's biological parents and his adoption?
Wow did Freddie Roach just admit Pacquiao was on PEDS?
Seth Rollins Is A Better Wrestler Than CM Punk .. !?
Where can I be certified as a lifeguard?
messi or ronaldo......?
FC Barcelona fans in Orlando?
When can I start fighting at kickboxing?
Why is chelsea using mostly the big players like for example lampard cole terry.?
Should Sky Sports News have an hourly slot every day where they just talk about Scottish football?
Can I take my earrings out for 30 mins?
Can I run without my butt becoming flat?
WRESTLING : TRUE/FALSE : TED TURNER deserves most of the credit for what the wwe is today?
What should I expect a trainer in a boxing gym to teach me to start off with?? Cheerssssss?
How worse can moyes position as manager can reach too?
How much are my boots worth?
Which basketball shoe is this?
Should I pursue Pro Football or Pro Basketball ?
any website to get NFL jerseys in low price?
Are CM Punk's wolverine sideburns a good look?
CAN SAM ALLEYDICE keep westham up?
Professional Wrestling: Why are people Angry that World Wrestling Entertainment let Kaitlyn go?
Which career should I choose?
Name your today 3 best coach & also name your 3 worst Coach in the NBA?
Do you think Jabari Parker will go to the NBA after this season?
do you think the swim pool chlorine is causing me skin tears from simple bangs? im 65 but seem to tear so eas?
What country has the most passionate sports fans for their national teams ?
Will Manchester United fire David moyes?
On An Icy Planet in The Hoth System?
who is better at BJJ Frank Mir or Nick Diaz?
can an MLB player currently under contract go and play in japan or does he have to be a free agent first?
Do you long for the day when you can retire and then impersonate a Compton gang banger?
Did Peyton Manning break touch-down record?
can you get adult swim with bell fiber opp ?????
Who was the Washington Crackas Rooney Rule token interview?
What did you get in GCSE Mathematics?
Ripley Motocross Track?
Have you ever played mud football before?
Would this be an OK surfboard for a beginner?
How to get more followers on Twitter?
How much effort does it take to log into and out of several different Yahoo IDs?
Good martial art with karate?
Help coping as an INFP?
Help coping as an INFP?
Did Triple H turned face at the WWE network press conference by renuniting with DX?
Where can I order a certain type of gun safe?
Why do many people go around calling the New Orleans Saints, the New Orleans Ain'ts?
WRESTLING : Who would you rather see stay in the wwe : KAITLYN or AJ?
How can I get my toe touch higher?
Free places to camping in south Scotland/Cumbria?
crossbow laws in alberta?
MFS: is blackpeoplemeet.com a reliable dating website?
Do you find it somewhat sad that certain NFL franchises might be waiting for Kenny Whisenhunt to be available?
Where to find a Mauser C96?
when will the Pats play?
Any blackout/ ticket sales issues with NFL games this Sat./ Sun. ?
What current College Head Coach that hasn't been a NFL Head coach would be a successful NFL Head Coach?
Should the Texans have kept Mario Williams?
How to stay awake when your watching your boyfriend practice basketball?
Walking onto d1 football programs?
You, que é gringo, believe que haverá news manifestations in the Brazil in the year two mil and fourteen ?
How do you create your own football playbook?
If you graduated from University with a Mathematics degree does that mean you're a Mathematician?
I own a FX Royale pistol,22cal. I want to use the best and most accurate pellet avaiable?
wwe network question ?????????????
How can I jump higher to dunk!?
Greg Maddux has only 1 ring, and no bloody sock. Why are the HOF voters dissing Schilling?
What type of running shoe should I buy?
Why is Mexico not playing in February and April?
I'm pretty sure that the Seahawks \12th man\ is a huge noise machine under the seats. Thoughts?
Who are you rooting for to win rumble 2014?
Your thoughts on this pic?
Help ASAP! Need opinions?
Are there any talented portugal strikers at the moment at the age of 16-20?
the wwe announcement?
Ivf for newbies, advice plz?
What is the best bike to use in mountain?
Agree or disagree, WWE should have kept The American Wolves if they want a better tag team division?
What do you think about \Superstar Stories\ on the WWE Network?
what is the fear of falling not the fear of heights?
What NHL team has the most players whose last name end in \ski\?
Sports that include swords?
How safe is visiting pakistan for an indian muslim?
Will drum brakes on replacement Sturmey Archer 5-speed hub improve with use?
What do you consider being a \diehard\ fan for a football team?
Who would you put on your favorite NFL team's \Mount Rushmore\?
Whats Considered being a \Diehard footbal fan\?
Gamo Whisper X or something different??
Should City take a team of reserves to play Barca ?
Since Daniel bryan is popular isn't it gonna effect his heel turn?
Who agrees with me that Ricardo Lamas is going to shock the world and upset Jose Aldo and then beat Mendes too?
Who thinks Jon Jones will finish Gustafsson in round 3 by TKO if they ever fight again? If not, why?
Whos gonna win Chargers or Broncos?
If Dave Batista, and Ric Flair return! Which one will be a better storyline?
how much will it cost to replace my griptape for MOB Grip at Zumiez?
2014 half marathon Calendar.?
Reynaldo Weeks: Exactly who is this good QB the Texans already have?
Describe a \SneakerHead\?
Whats wrong with the cowboys defense this year?
2008 heat vs 2010 lakers?
What do you think of my Fantasy Baseball Mock Draft Team?
How much do tickets to the Kentucky Derby 2014 cost?
Why do some people still consider lebron James as a choke artist like tony romo from the cowboys?
Where can I find this airsoft gun?
What skateboard is right for me?
Who should I keep in fantasy baseball?
Who agrees with me that Andrew Luck is the very best QB in the game today and will surpass Brady's records?
How come I can't keep up with my training partners?
Whats your opinion on Circumcission?
What is the most compact shotgun?
broken windup stopwatch!?
What NFL team has the worst fans?
Is Gus Poet one of thee nicest Bpl managers?
How many jackets/snow pants do you have?
Recommendations for MTB flat pedals?
Where do they sell the best pie @ Epl football grounds?
Professional Wrestling: What do you think of the Rumors that Jerry The King Lawler faked his health scare?
Partick Thistle V Ross Cunty?
Do they sell Chorlay cakes at Chorlay Fc?
Do you think Arsenay will still win the league?
So Balde and Pukki play up front together tonight from the very start. What happened?
Walter Payton vs Jim Brown?
For ages I didn't understand what these lyrics meant..?
Best QB of all time? Peyton Manning, right?
Do you think a lot more football Bro's will come out now?
Swimming question help?
FIll in the blank: The Attitude wouldn't have been the same without?
What doe asterisk mean? NFL?
Who are knowledgeable contributers in this forum?
Anyone know a good place to watch the Barcelona - Athletic Club game this weekend?
who's next to Mae Young?
When the Leafs get healthy and are active at the trade deadline, why do people think they will still suck?
Can I swim without a tampon on my period?
how do i try and get a scholarship for football in usa without any high school tape?
Who thinks agrees when Jon Jones said that he's a specimen and everybody else is just a good athlete?
Is this a good AEG gun?
mohammed ali said in an interview. (rocky marciano was better than joe frazier). Do you think that's true?
If mae Young would die who will be then the oldest Living member of the wwe hall of fame ?
Cavs, Pacers, or Rockets?
Five players United must offload this month to save their season. True or false?
What seaside towns do you like in the UK?
What to wear to highschool cheer tryouts?
how to get out of swimming at school?
Best states for salmon fishing?
How long do the Milwaukee Bucks have to renovate their arena or the team will have to relocate?
Good Entrance music for Wrestlers?
How to become a ski instructor?
Is this what you're like when you enter Tottenham?
How would you describe a cuban's boxing style?
Who are The Texans drafting #1 pick?
Anyone know which box a basketball would fit in?
Are the Buffalo Bills games aired weekly in Syracuse?
How many countries won the independence war against British Empire?
Should I be taking creatine?
If Griffey hit 60HRs+ in '98 do you think suspicion would've eventually kept him from the HOF?
Help me to buy a bike?
Is McGeady good enough for the Prem?
colts or patriots???
Isn't it interesting about running backs?
Can Andy Dalton be a better quarterback in 2014 season?
In college football who can you see winning the championship 3 years from now?
Do You Think That Should Iran Compete In World Cup Champion?
Do you believe that mic skills should be an essential skill to determine if a wrestler is great or not?
Your opinion on gay footballers (soccer), would they be accepted by the fans you think?
Help me to buy a bike?
Why are there so many unsolved murders in Texas?
So Kenny Shiels has confirmed what we all already knew?
Was Osama B Laden an Arsenal Fan?
What are the rules in Hockey?
An old question again - the criminalisation of football fans?
do you ever wonder sometimes how certain soccer players became professionals?
Who is that Danny L. Brian that everyone talk about?
What do you guys think of the Martial Arts Planet forum?
can you get a gun permit under 18?
David Moyes for Manager for December?
Would you rather be Politically Correct or Racist?
Is Lane Kiffin a good fit for Alabama?
Do the Man Utd fans want me out?
Why won't Moyes play Zaha?
Where do you practice motorcycle stunts? (So-Cal)?
When will Vick sign with another team?
who's the greatest nfl qb of all time?
If the chargers beat the broncos on Sunday, will the next game be in San Diego?
Where do you rank Goran Dragic for best current NBA point guards?
Why is Rahul Dravid the greatest Indian batsman?
Is a double bodyweight power snatch possible?
Are many people in the UK afriad to express their real opinions because it's not politically correct..?
who's the greatest college qb of all time?
WWE POLL: favorite wrestler?
What are your predictions for nalcs Spring Split 2014?
Where to play Paintball in Pune?
Was O.j simpson best running back ever?
Need way to win at LoL?
What kind of baitcaster Should i get?
accurate conceal carry info I can't seem to find?
Why don't people like us Buckeyes?
Should there be a penalty on a kicker for an acting job?
Is Bray Wyatt's Sisiter Abigaile from psychological thriller/horror movie Orphen?
Did Stephanie Mcmahon get a nose job?
When is the IPL Auction?
Did ever Britishers Won the Cricket World cup?
Who is better Lebron James or Scottie Pippen?
Is it possible that karate inspired some names from Street Fighter, Mortal Kombat, and Dragon Ball Z?
BUY OR SELL & WHY? - Floyd Mayweather Jr. will get at least 1 knockout in 2014? + BQ!?
Which team will dismantle first, Wyatts or Shield?
With Defoe, Gilberto, Bradley and DeRo, do you think TFC is the new MLS powerhouse?
2004 suzuki quad sport lt-z250 wont spark at spark plug?
THE WWE NETWORK UK cost?
Frank Warren fighting back against Matchroom?
Question on an AR upper?
If the Saints miraculously win against Seattle and the 49ers beat the Panthers, who gets home field advantage?
do u think the heat can 3peat?
Are post match manager interviews an added bonus for the viewer ?
Need advice on what to do for my football club?
owning a full auto weapon?
Do you think this Brazilian model is attractive..?
What is your martial arts diet?
Any other wrestlers/divas like Kaitlyn who were beaten and humiliated in their last match ever?
Need to do better at LoL?
Is Mae Young dead or is she still under care?
Bryan Ruiz and Leo Baptistao to Real Betis!?
We don't need the trolls, but we don't need the sicko's either...?
KHL All Star Game TV?
If Man Utd spend BIG this month ?
What do you think of '2 Girls 1 Cup'?
Why dont backpackers where fur and game hydes to keep dry and warm like our ancestors did?
Is Obama a West Ham Fan?
How hard is it to make it in boxing?
Someone emailed me asking how big my feet are, what should I do?
Is being straight a choice...?
Ninja are over-rated?
Which one is a bigger dream match (options inside)?
Do you think Derek Carr will be as good as his brother David ?
Is BiSexual a choice?
Are the voters punishing Sammy Sosa for playing during the steroid era?
Are the Hawks the NBA's best team now after beating the Pacers?
When is Ballon D'Or 2014?rEFERENCE PLEASE?
What age are you allowed to skydive?
Is GEOFORCE in Texas a good opportunity?
what are some of your favorite PA slights towards other teams?
does stone cold steve austin still drink beer?
Unsung heroes of soccer? Who are the unsung heroes who nobody bothers to mention?
In your opinion is John Smoltz a first ballot hall of famer?
what was your reaction when wwe went to TNN?
Is it true that the price of the WWE network goes higher after 6 months?
Muscles & MIxed martial arts?
how I know that Rosemond Adu from Ghana she is scammed or not?
If they change the playoff format how would u like it too be?
What retired wrestlers should have won the WCW or WWF/WWE world heavyweight title but never did?
will john cena face the undertaker at wrestlemania 30?
Tuck back and flics.. HELP!?
Will Borussia Dortmund be able to sign and keep Ilkay Gundogan from Manchester United?
How many American Footballers come out as Gay?
I can't unscrew my BMX bike stem bolt!!!?
Is jamele hill from espn hot?
Who will be the next sacked manager in the EPL..?
Can I shoot 9mm Luger in my p95dc?
Which country is more Gay friendly, UK or Germany?
How to beat up this kid?
Are these the best British Managers since 1997.....?
What are the three stages of a warm up?
What channel is broadcasting the Fifa Ballon D'or in the US?
EPL predictions this weekend?
Are there any Jewish owned clubs in Scotland?
Can PSG go far in the UCL?
Do you think Kenny Shiels can get Morton off the bottom and in to a healthier league position?
Where could i exchange my bike for new bike in visakhapatnam?
What future hall of famer will get his first SB ring this year?
Is it better to lay a carbon bike down on its side in the trunk or upright on a roof rack?
Buying football tickets off someone online?
What is the most powerful co2 powered pistol (2014)?
Would this running plan work? 5 STARS FOR BEST ANSWER!!!?
What do you consider more of a Soap Opera? WWE or TNA?
Best G36 gun for sale?
About Arsenals Transfer! (Only football/soccer experts)!?
A really cheap website to buy retro roller skates?
If SAF replaced SAF, Would he have invested in the team over the 2 transfer windows ?
Whats the best fictional fantasy (soccer) website?
Why does Moyes always have an Excuse ?
Mezut ozil has been voted as German Player of the Year?
Can Caterham Team expands to Deutsche Tourenwagen Masters and collaborate with Audi?
Look how athletic Tom Brady looked at the combine , how couldn't GMs have forseen his greatness?
Will a .177 Caliber 360FPS BB Kill a Crow?
cross country :)))))?
I REALLY have to prepare for track?
Can IndyCar Series ban refuelling and increase fuel capacity?
Does Mark Calaway aka The Undertaker have Facebook?
Wing Chun and Muay Thai. Not just about self defence.?
Fifa 14 ultimate team money making method?
New Orleans Saints fans: Can you explain this reference?
Will .177 caliber 360 FPS BB kill an squirrel??
How can i become a pro soccer player?
Is your club better this year than last year in league and all competitions?
How many good young English footballers have Chelsea and Manchester City got coming through..?
Will .177 caliber 360 FPS BB kill an squirrel?
Daniel Bryan and The Wyatt Family VS The Shield and Randy Orton?
Why does wwe use their superstars personal life in story lines?
Wonder Premier (Week 21): What are your predictions for this weeks fixtures?
I want to buy a bicycle for a budget of 12k and 15k in India. Please suggest me some decent bicycles.?
will they have episodes from 70's episodes from wwwf all star & championship wrestling.?
How far do you think I will take Man Utd in the Champions League?
kansas city chiefs or green bay packers?
Bayern Munich verse Arsenal or Real Madrid which will be the best Champions League matches and who wins?
Is it Offensive to Call an Indian a REDSKIN?
What is one match you always wanted to see which never happened?
Why does Cricket suck so much?
New WWE 2K14 Pack????????????
AFC SD Chargers: all the 'long drives' talk?
Do you feel bad for Mata?
whats the name for the needle like looking thing you screw onto a pump to pump up a football or basket ball, i?
What rugby position should I play?
How is Gary Carter in the HOF but not Mike Piazza?
What Rugby position should I play?
how are man united so good?
What's the difference between today's NBA and 80s to early 90s NBA?
rooney has spoken to jose mourinho on the phone?
What do you think the little boy inside Van Persie thinks of Arsenal's current position in the league?...?
Where can I get a Barcelona jersey laminated with the numbers 10?
College football walk-on?
Isn't it funny that the same \experts\ who picked the Bengals to beat the Chargers........?
what is better a kx250f or a yz250f?
Why are the Packers so good at finding super stars in the 2nd round, but seem to draft busts in the 1st?
Why does everyone love 10mm so much?
Bundle Fishing deals?
What are the top ten best fighting styles in the world?
Do you think boxers today never opt for greatness, or they're just looking at the purse?
What happened to those United \not arrogant, just better\ banners?...?
What to draw on a badminton/tennis racket strings.?
Which boots and football are perfect for freestyle?
What sports teams do the people in Delaware support?
Will Tebow Get Another Chance ?
92 goals in 31 games,Can City go on like this all season?
Do you consider all the members of the BBWAA the best judges to determine who gets elected to the HOF?
Agree or disagree; nobody can accuse Moyes or Man United for buying the Prem?
Question on buying NFL tickets on Craigslist?
Ashes analysis - did it belong to the bowlers?
Taxidermy and the law- do I need a permit?
So steelers fan, you mad bro?
Would you say Danny Welbeck has improved this season?
Would Hakeem Nicks be a good signing for the Ravens?
Is Gerrard still the captain of England National team ?
What's your opinion on Raikonnen going to Ferrari?
How is Cleverley a professional footballer ......?
will the wwe network stream new ppv's live?
Some questions about these WTA tennis players?
Are the 49ers and Bengals equal match ups?
how to get a bigger butt & thinner legs?
Man Utd put bid in for Marchisio....?
What's wrong with my new roller skates?
what happened to save as draft for future working?
how many times has johnson dismissed cook in test matches?
What size snowboarding jacket should i get?
does anyone know any good off road trails in Virginia or west Virginia please help i love mountain biking alot?
Do you remember when i played for Celtic back in the 80s?
How should I go about getting these autographs?
Can I build a GoPro helmet mount without its helmet mount?
Does the spanish section even know who i am?
How to get prize payoff in fantasy football?
where can i get french Chassepot rifle replica?
Am I too old to start doing gymnastics?
do you need tickets to attend the baseball hall of fame induction ceremony?
who is the greatest college rb of all time?
How many goals did Alan Shearer score against his former sides.?
ankle sprain recovery time??
Can we get a top 4 finish?
I am planning to buy a new bike this week.?
What are the best electric bikes in the United States of America?
What does the term \stance\ mean to you?
Does this show why Germany is better than England in term of football?
Premiership (EPL) Predictions (280)?
Is Herman Cain good at Mathematics?
Off :How crazy that Denis Rodman is ? He is in North Korea?
How will division championships be won?
Why didn't Pato fufill his potential ...?
How can i record my speed on my longboard?
Is 5-0 washout with record margins likely to dampen viewer interest in the upcoming ODI series (Eng vs Aus)?
Why can´t Manchester United win anything anymore ?
Should I train with sore legs? and why are they still sore after 48h?
Which teams do you expect to win their group between Germany, England Spain, Italy, Holland and France?
Have you seen this video of tna's mike tenay?
Which national team is better Germany or Spain?
I want to go back to taekwondo after a 6 year stint..?
Why Alaska hasn't got a pro Hockey team?
Which type of fitness equipment suitable for aged person?
what type of shoes do you guys recommend for sprinters?
Can you push the person in front of you who's trying to box you out?
Should Arsenal sign Jackson Martinez. Thoughts?
Was Nakamura scoring that Free kick against Man United...?
guesses for player who will be auctioned for the most in this ipl!!?
Haven't skated in 4 months?
Remember when Celtic fans thought Nakamura ....?
Can You kaepernick haters shut the hell up?
What is the largest ski resort within 9 hours of Indianapolis?
I'm terrible at basketball but I have to do it for gym?
Why are the Packers so good at finding super stars in the second round, but seem to draft busts in the first r?
Accidentally bought AG boots?
Arsenal and Liverpool to battle it out to sign the 'new Kompany' ?
Claudio Marchisio to Manchester United?
Bike Jumping Question?
Where is my bendy sausage game? I have lost my sausage sandwich outside a football gorund in the uk can u find?
Can't do splits problem?
Which team has scored 59 goals up too now at home (a premier league team)?
Who will win Big E Langston or Randy Orton at Friday Night Smackdown?
Do you think we should use our strongest squad against Sunderland?
when is football firebowl in New Jersey this year?
And who plays at Belle Vue.?
Who plays at Park Avenue?
what was the 1st goal confirmed by hawkeye in the premier league?
how to train for a running competition?!?
Would you like to see Forest in the Epl again?
Are we relying on Adnan Januzaj too much?
Will manchester city be in the cup final now?
Can i still be able to play Division 1 basketball with doing GED? because i never finished senior year.?
Did you see Negredos goal last night?
Is Ajmal too fizzling out like Swann did after great promise for a few years?
why did west ham turn up at citeh wearing the exact same colours?
League Table Of How Often Every Premier League Club Wins At Home Since 1992 ?
Making rubber worms for fishing?
which team is the most entertaining team in the nfl currently?
Need advice for hunting?
To go for trial in up u19 cricket team, is it necessary that i had played for my district team?
What Australian bowler would you like to see knock your castle down and give you a duck?
Why am I so weak and fragile?
Is it the first father-son commentary duo asks Moorthy?
After a fractured Ankle, will I still be able to play?
Bad cardio..any tips?
Inmate suing NFL????
Will it hurt if I go for a jog and my chain gets stuck on a fence as I run by?
How can one become a weapons instructor?
I'm a yellow belt in Hapkido and I lost to a BJJ blue belt on Saturday?
was Orlando Jones ever an all-american athlete?
Is this snowboard too big?
water snake trolling motor 45 lbs foot controlled not working properly! please help?
Who is better : Negredo VS Bale?
what would edge do to john cena if he saw him at a grocery store?
Why are my fans not behind me?
is there a $60 sign up fee for the wwe network?
why public of england do not like johnson?
Can i do Volleyball and cheerleading at the same time for highschool?
What is the legitimate proof Barry Bonds used PEDs?
hi please tell me which sports site provide live score of big bash 9th January matches live scorecard?
Professional Wrestling: Whats your opinion on World Wrestling Entertainment Main Event?
Manny pacquiao is small for the welterweights a fallacy, agree or disagree? Why?
Can someone please explain?
Question Regarding The WWE Network?
Is a taurus Raging Bull being appropriately described?
what to practice to get into any basketball high school team in east la?
could crosby and girouxs disdain for each other have anything to do with G not making team Canada?
Will the police bother a minor riding an electric bike?
How did Celtic do in their Champions League group this season?
what time does it change days in fantasy hockey?
How much potassium permanganate is adequate for water purification and still safe for human consumption?
How are Rangers doing in the Scottish Premier League this year?
Body builder vs Power lifter?
Why do Scottish men wear skirts?
what would happen if brock lesnar and mark henry met at a supermarket?
Surfing .. When will I shortboard?
When does the nfl season start 2014?
Is my shooting form weird/wrong?
what is The Iron Shiek doing for a living?
Skaters: which would be easier to ride?
Does anyone know where to get a cheap bow and arrow?
Karate or just plain working out or what?
The chargers aee gonna win the superbowl?
Who won the game between Rodman's NBA players vs. the North Korean National team?
Where can I buy old Authentic NBA jerseys?
Question about American Football?
Is CM Punk from the North Side or South Side of Chicago?
From among the current cricketers can you name 5 batsmen, who could?
WTF? So Emma Watson got a new man in only 3 days???
haw i cran lern compute?
What is considered lower mountain lift ticket for snowboarding?
what is the difference in size between a 7mm and 7mm Rem Mag?
Should I still try out for the tennis team?
What are some really great knives for survival?
Is There Anyone Worthy To Beat The Undertaker At Wrestlemania?
Need to find NBA fantasy stats?
what happens if a red dot sight gets hit with a paintball?
Which plays better ,brandon routh or henry cavill?
whos the best karate or taekwondo point fighting champion of all time?
POLL: Panthers or 49ers this Sunday?
is it true that kids who start soccer or field hockey age-4 to 6 -become big stars and children who start at 9?
Why is it so hard to find .22LR ammo?
has anyone tried the vudu lures?
Do you think calm coaching or firey coaching has an effect on team success?
Is 13 to old to start gymnastics?
Why does Kawahi Leonard get compared to Bruce Bowen?
would tyrone spong beat jon jones? is blackzillians better then greg jacksons?
Change appearance in NBA 2k14 mycareer?
Am I Fast I run a mile time that I think is fast?
Why do I find Brodus Clay funny to look at?
How can I get ready for football? Read description?
Is Everyone Going To Blame Peyton Manning When The Broncos Don't Win The Superbowl This Year?
difference between a sport bike and a Moto GP bike?
Is it the end for Bynum?
What is Glock 17's barrel outer diameter and G21's barrel OD?
Is Richard Sherman going to cover Graham in the Saints game?
Should I join Track and/ or Volleyball Club?
What was the huge anouncement?
What is the best place to get hats and headbands for running?
Freshman water polo help?
Who are the top 5 technical wrestlers of all time?
What should I pack for camping?
What are the best smackdowm time periods?
Im Going to be a freshman next year and gonna try out for football what excercises should i do ?
What would you do if Cena turned heel?
Will doing squats make me faster?
What are your thoughts on Mae Young being removed from life support?
Arsenal Fans, what would you rather?
Anyone know a good place or website to order a fully customized balaclava?
I am a pro wrestler 57 when should i retire?
where can i see the stars in michigan?
How Long Have You Been A Fan Of Your Favourite Wrestler .. !?
How Come Ryback Never Botches When I See Him Wrestle .. !?
Not going to lie city is beginning to scare me?
What is it called when you kick the ball over the crossbar for an extra point?
Should Zeb Colter get his own political program on the WWE Network?
How long can you float a horse?
Can Aj Lee Haters At Least Admit She Is Talented .. !?
Which \small time\ school is on the brink of national athletic prominence?
why does lebron get compared to Michael Jordan?
is it hard to get used to racing skates?
Do I look Mexican or Spaniard or Russian ?
Is The John Cena Vs Randy Orton The Worst Feud In WWE History?
Professional Wrestling: Why doesn't WWE have The Great Khali work like Andre The Giant?
Which 3 WWE Superstars/Divas Would You Most Like To Date .. !?
Water polo help- I want to make fresh-soph team?
how to get this off of spandex?
Who's the best Middle Linebacker in the NFL?
Why is Pac Man so loyal to bob arum?
i'm worried about my new Germany Jersey?
Will the Tampa Bay Buccaneers become an NFC South Powerhouse under Lovie Smith?
How could the Warriors lose to a cheap every A basketball team like the Brooklyn Nets?
What happened to Roger Federer?
Do you think the Cleveland Cavaliers have a bright future?
What animal call devices do you like?
Who would you like to see as the final four of the Royal Rumble?
WWE Network the greatest thing ever?
Will Anyone Even Care When CM Punk Retires .. !?
I'd love to know what your top 10 F1 races since 1975 would be.?
Why do most Mexican fans want to face top European rivals for friendlies?
Is shooting bb buns be the same as shooting a real gun?
YOUR Top 10 F1 races, (not tracks), since 1975?
YOUR Top 10 F1 races, (not tracks), since 1975?
Playoff Doldrums: Calvin Johnson's wasted career. A look back?
Is it just me or is Alberto delrio boring. Don't get me wrong he can go in the ring?
Who Is The More Entertaining Part Timer, Brock Lesnar, The Rock Or The Undertaker .. !?
Which is the music used in star sports network in Sachin's farewel match ,please let me kno?
Phyics circular motion?
running a mile for school!?
Do I have hope to be a basketball player?
How long does running in place equal a mile?
toning & running to a flatter stomach?
Do you think the Perkins guy during the WWE Network announcement was embarrassed he messed up?
Which California school will be the next to win the football national championship?
Will the WWE Network include episodes of Sunday Night Heat and Velocity?
How to become a faster sprinter?
What Are Your WrestleMania XXX Predictions?
Has Brock Lesnar Made WWE More Entertaining Since He Returned .. !?
Did anyone notice that DX (HBK and Triple H) had the same pair of jeans tonight they had years ago?
Do you think Atticus Shaffer from the show \The Middle\ looks like Johnny Manziel's mini-me?
How to get toned/defined legs?
Will every episode of Hulk Hogan's Rock N Wrestling and Tuesday Night Titans be on the WWE Network?
Will you be able to search the WWE Network by a superstar's name?
Who Is/Was A Better Wrestler, Chris Benoit Or Daniel Bryan .. !?
If I filled my swimming pool with dry ice and then waited for it to melt, could I swim without getting wet?
Were you surprised that DX and Stephanie McMahon were in a funny mood during the WWE network announcement?
Do you guys know any NEW sports games?
With the launch of the WWE network does that mean you tube will be cracking down on their videos?
will there be a non commitment. price for the wwe network?
Did the WWE just give TNA the low bow?
Will the WWE Network have the Over The Edge Pay Per View where Owen Hart died?
what workouts should i do to change up my routine so i receive gains?
Is Lamarcus Aldridge actually a better player this year or is his team just better?
Agree/Disagree: Goldberg Was A Bigger Star In WCW/WWE Than CM Punk Is Now .. !?
Is The WWE Network going to have the shows that were dedicated to Eddie Guerrero and Chris Benoit?
Good reason for absence?
Where can I find a nice case for my tennis racket?
What effects athletic ability in soccer?
What do you think of Triple H saying he has never done it with a woman before during the announcement?
By estimate, how long would it take someone to get from a 7.5 minute mile to a 5minute mile?
whatis the closest mountain to go to ski near Laussanne?
How can i play college football, if no scouts come to my school?
What Will Happen First, CM Punk Retiring Or Ryback Becoming WWE World Heavyweight Champion .. !?
Airsoft! Will a LiPo 11.1v work on this gun without damaging the internals?
Nfl divisional playoffs 2014?
Could you imagine if Mario balotelli chose to become a rap/hip hop artist?
How Can I Get A Soccer ( Football ) Tryout/Trial In Europe?
so who is going to win this time around brock lesnar or big show?
how many times do you think Michael Cole will tell you how to use the WWE network on Raw?
Don't you think WWE Diva Aksana's entrance music is so seductive?
does walking for 60min really burn 300 calories for my size?
Is Lovie Smith one of the toughest coaches in Bucs history?
It just came to me about the Network and future DVD's?
Should I go skiing with my friends tomorrow if they're not willing to pick me up?
How come we do not have any white heavy weight boxers anymore?
So if I get the WWE network, will I be giving my money to evil Triple H and Stephanie McMahon?
What do you think TNA's thinking right now?
How come many NBA centers bite into Jonas Valanciunas' fakes?
Who else is excited for WWE Network to launch February 24th?
Chances for college football scholarships?
Will you get the WWE network?
I got something stuck in my gun and can't get it out?
Seahawks and Patriots are both favored by 8. Which is more likely to be upset?
Isn't It Great That Aj Lee Vs Kaitlyn Was The Best Match On WWE Main Event .. !?
Is anyone else disappointed the WWE announcement wasn't Booker T was going to be on Smackdown commentary?
Is Wrestlemania a WWE Network exclusive now?
So is JR Smith's reputation as a serious player now tarnished by his latest antics?
What is a really good mile time for an 8th grader?
Do Madrid ''fans'' here still h8 on Gareth Bale?
Online Golf Apparel Website in Singapore?
New orleans saints need to replace CB corey white?
The WWE Network Launch?
Is sports management a useless major?
will lifting weight and doing leg workout make my shots more powerful?
How do you pay for the WWE Network?
Why do the 49ers have such great receivers on their team but a bad quarterback that can't throw to them?
how much bigger should i get for a different position?
What Do You Think Of John Cena Getting Booed At The Launch Of The WWE Network .. !?
while bowling does the tennis ball move faster than the cricket ball?
best way to do smoke tricks?
What do you guys think of WWE Network?
Why did Soldado and Negredo's careers take opposite turns as they moved to the EPL?
I want to play quarterback but (football)?
Xabi Alonso and Real Madrid at Anfield, what do you see?
Racing clothes!?!?!!?
WWE- Are You Still Watching The WWE Network Announcement?
How can I become a better soccer player?
I want to play quarterback but (football)?
What are your thougts on the WWE network will you buy it?
Unedited...does this mean Chris Benoit will be on the WWE Network?
Is CM Punk Worthy Enough To Lace Up Stone Cold's Boots .. !?
two Illegal Aliens stole my bike today at school during 6th period, I AM LIVID?
What do you get if you cross the English cricket team with an OXO cube?
Should i do 400's in track and field?
butterfly knife or zweihander?
Who is a better playmaker...Messi or Ozil?
Should Aj Lee Be The Face Of The WWE Instead Of John Cena .. !?
Will the WWE Network be on App like Netflix on Gaming consoles?
Why does my penis hurt when I wrestle?
Are You Excited Hulk Hogan Is Returning To The WWE .. !?
What has surprised you so far during this NHL season?
Why did Mills Lane let Holyfield vs Tyson continue...?
What would happened if Iron Sheik moved in the WWE Legend House?
What do you think of WWE Network so far?
Did the NBA punish Wade when he threw Bibby's shoe?
bmx bike questions?? need help choosing a bike?
Did Johnny Manziel sign with the cowboys???
who will win the 2014 world cup ?
What's a good workout routine?
So WWE Announce The Launch Of The WWE Network .. !?
Can I be an NFL Quarterback at 5 foot 10?
Is Jon Jones a better fighter than Anderson Silva?
Why Is The WWE Selling Out?
Professional Wrestling: What do you think about people who Defend Dwayne \The Rock\ Johnson?
what would be a good starter rifle?
Kaitlyns last match was losing to AJ Lee and getting kicked in the face as a goodbye?
How many goals has Alvarado Negredo scored in every competition for Man city?
Do prefer these wrestler as heels or faces?
If You Could Bring One Thing Back To The WWE, What Would It Be .. !?
OMG, Messi scored 2 goals, just give him the Balon d'Or already?
Could you imagine if Brock Lesnar chose soccer?
How is this possible?
Are you buying Royal Rumble?
Are CM Punk Fans The Most Biased Fans In WWE .. !?
How much does a penny board cost?
Can a football team buy a player that is out on loan from another club?
I want to join the Swim Team? I'm scared?
A recent football team season tickets sales have gone up 10% in the current season reaching 880 tickets.?
What if the groundbreaking announcement is Rock vs Cena thrice in a lifetime at Wrestlemania 30?
What If Tonight's Big Announcement Is That CM Punk Is Fired?
What position should I change too?
How pumped up would you be if tonight was to announce John Cena's retirement?
Agree/Disagree: Brock Lesnar Is A Better Paul Heyman Guy Than CM Punk .. !?
Who agrees with me that Gustafsson does not deserve Jon Jones respect because of the opponents he's fought?
When should I get my snowboard waxed?
What Clubs should a beginning Golfer Carry?
Is Andre Ward the perfect gentleman and \son of God\ that he portrays to be in the media?
Using a hand riveter to rivet AK47 receiver, will it be okay?
What makes your top 5 candidate for 'seemingly' fixed fights?
Anybody else sick of AJ?
Is it possible that Jon Jones could become an enigma because of his arrogance?
Okay dippers I got a ? For y'all?
boxing glove size help?
is running track the best way to get faster for football?
Airsoft pistol clip little piece is backwards?
One more question for you Punk fans?
Is Randy Carlyle a good or bad coach?
Where can I get a custom made Compound Bow in Australia?
Suggestions for snowboards?
Who makes your greatest boxer that never utilized jab the most?
Divisional Playoff: Carolina's Panthers' Cam Newton overlooked and forgotten?
Will Floyd Mayweather retire undefeated, go broke, then come out of retirement?
Fishing in a large pond/lake?
Pouliot and DelZotto for Simmonds and Couturier? NYR PHI?
How can I get my overhand serve?
would shorts be inappropriate?
Are the chargers more of a favorite than the Broncos this week?
Do rifles have any advantages in home defense over handguns?
What are your favorite NBA teams?
Dress Advice:Figure Skating Dress?
What makes your top 5 most lopsided fights that went the distance and get you entertained?
What was the best wwe pay per views from 2002-2004?
MLB Trivia: Who was the first staring pitcher to get a hit at Safeco field?
Is South Korea, Bosnia, and Nigeria waste of friendlies?
What do you think of this wrestling joke?
770 remington max efective range?
Is this a good gift for a guy I like that hunts ?
Can Orthopedic Surgeons treat NFL, MLB, and other sports players?
Is Running 1000 miles in a year too much for a High School Student?
Is Andre Johnson really a future Hall of Famer?
could you imagine if steve young and jerry rice played soccer?
Will there bearings work any skateboard?
What type of at HOME equipment do I need to practice with.?
How much is an authenticated 1950 Yankees Team signed baseball worth?
Where should I fish on the Gold Coast in a flat-bottomed kayak?
High jump spikes make me worse I think?
Does the french football national team have any white player?
What Do You Think Of This WWE Joke .. !?
Who should Justin Gabriel start tag teaming with?
Why is Tim Brown(former NFL receive for the Raiders) not in the Pro Football Hall of Fame yet? how come?
If Manhattan and surrounding area can hold three NHL Franchises than why can't Sounthern Ontario?
Is 100 jumpshots a day good enough to be a great shooter?
Who do you think will Win (top 3) the Sham Stakes 2014 Sat. @ Santa Anita?
Does Qatar make a