How many times has al Qaeda attacked Israel?
Recommendations for London attractions?
What are all the Orca whales' names at orlando FL in seaworld?
Where and how can I sign my daughter up for a legit pageant here in Phoenix az for 2014??
What is it like in Bideford England?
Everything to know about virginia beach, america.?
h doctor and i was wondering if they are going to look for THC?
What state is New Jersey in?
If I'm a legal person I was born somewhere else ... Can I ride a plane to Puerto Rico ?
Which tests are best for English proficiency and do native speakers need them?
which airline carried the most passengers in 2013?
Is it true that, as a group. Oriental women have the cutest breasts in the world?
about my Schengen Visa departure?
May you please translate this image from Japanese to English for me?
Why is Australia suspiciously silent, while NZ defends judicial independence?
How can I work as a german engineer in the United Arab Emirates?
Can I get an any time return flight back from Australia to UK?
What is this? Marriage counselling certificates for newlyweds?
What's a nice place to visit in the UK?
Do you need stamps to ship anything usps?
are we allowed iPhones on a airplane?
Visiting the US for the second time?
How sensitive is your nose ...?
Why to British people call math \maths\?
Do you spend more or less money on the tube living closer to Central London?
Do I need a Passport BOOK or CARD?
Studying in Australia. University of the Sunshine Coast or University of Western Sydney?
Traveling to Korea ....?
can someone explain me about the private pat down procedure from the airports from europe?
should i move to new brunswick, canada?
The happy highway,though never straight?
Where can I find the best all inclusive deals?
Would Mexico be better off with legalized firearms?
Translate this Japanese text?
Is there a connection between the King Bhumibol and prostitution rings in Thailand?
Your favorite Irish film?
how many suitcase do you need for a month on a trip?
central america budget plan?
What apartment is this?
Is alma alondres magdale has a record of baptism in parish of st.james in cavite philippines?
Checked baggage question?
why do many people in rural england vote tory?
Where is \Egypt\ located?
Going to Nepal with a Peanut Allergy?
Where is the best location for Camp America?
Info of the passenger who travelled with me?
How do Koreans learn the korean letters without romanization?
How many days will it take speed post to reach vellore from ludhiana?
Should I go to Thailand for holidays?
I am looking to go to Cuba this summer?
Where can one go for Skydiving in North India, near Delhi?
arriving late into new york, how do we get to the city?
Hotel management course in Singapore?
Is the Isle of Wight a semi-autonomous community?
ahh i see no one is in this section... well I bubbles... Declare this MY LAND!?
Did Brent Rivera go to Sydney?
is Disneyworld in Orlando worth is!!!?
Do I have a chance of a job in Peru?
I want to be a air hostess/ cabin crew when I am older, do I need to go to sixth form?
have e-ticket - do i MUST use online check-in?
Can you make a good japanese name?
Is the use of the word Yid by tourists unacceptable in Israel or elsewhere?
How long will it take to adjust to life in Canada?
thailand is under state of emergency, will it still be safe to travel there?
are the peoples of New Zealand devoutly loyal to the royalty from G.Britain who still are over New Zealand?
in Tokyo when do you get paid?
Is there an Israel Defense Forces museum?
are there romanian gypsies?
How to ask people about their favorites in Japanese.?
Are NYC public schools really going to be open tomorrow? (on 1/22/2014)?
What taste/s do you associate with Australia?
What smell/s do you associate with Australia?
What sound/s do you associate with Australia?
what time would i need to leave to arrive on time??
With suitable travel insurance, funds, bank card and a place to stay, can I stay in Canada for 6 months?
Can an 18 year old book a cruise?
If the UN doesn't recognize Jerusalem as the Capital of Israel, then what does the UN consider the...?
Can I upgrade to business class last minute?
I want to order something with express shipping how long will it take?
Can I use my student metrocard (NYC) during Regents week?
Why isn't Ouchijuku a better known attraction?
can I stay in london for a week on my journy to chicago from bangalore?
If Korea is unified, what would happen to...?
How would Israeli elders react if Jewish girls began swooning over the Arab Justin Bieber?
Are there any Jewish foods that Arabs eat or is it only Jews eating Arab food?
anyone ever been to oktoberfest? is it fun?
Why were the Inca so good?
Please Answer! Is Milwaukee a good place to live for someone like me?
My ebay says that my cases are in transit and usps says no tracking could be found, what do I do ?
Will I be able to get into Oxford?
Do you have days when ...?
What to do in London 2 days?
does new Mayor of New York know what Brooklyn llooks like right now?
If you had a chance to go to Sochi Russia to watch Winter Olympics, would you?
What motivates you ...?
please help me with ny sciene?
How to tell my parents I don't want to go on an airplane?
How do you work out prices in Iceland - brit in Iceland?
im a dual citizen USA/PHILIPPINES and im planing to stay in the philippines for 5 months do I need a permit?
How far commute from chesterfield to UMSL?
Is it safe to backpack in Nicaragua?
Emigration to Aus. Help me out!?
Is saudi arabia supporting The State Of Israel to stop iran from developing nuclear weapons?
How to go meerut from delhi via bus?
Hotel hot water, how?
Can you make a good japanese name?
Is it true that i'll find more attractive men in Australia than here?
what happens at the airport security(talking about europe)if i pass through the metal detector and it beeps?
Can you buy skin whitening creams (with hydroquinone) in Turkey?
Stay in Houston or move to Atlanta?
How long does it take to drive from New Jersey to California?
How can i get to Paris if i have no money?
How Virgin Atlantic Private Limited Company?
Does anybody live in Catford/Lewisham, London, in England?
Where is a good place to move?
What is the weather like in New York and Washington D.C in the spring?
Can I have an Example of a New Zealand address?
what happens at the airport security?when you go thorough the metal detector and it beeps what happens next?
I am going to move to London in March 2014 for an internship. Any info on what I should know?
Making Aliyah to Israel?
Is Virgin Atlantic no publicy funding?
Do you have people like Eric Harris, Dylan Klebold, Adam Lanza, etc. in Argentina or in Latin America?
Where should i live in Alberta, Canada?
Which is the good tour place in malaysia?
Is the 75254 zip code (Dallas) safe? I am looking at living at Montfort Place Apts.?
Is it safe to take a taxi in prague ive heard its always scammers? any good taxy companies there? from airport?
Can a foreing find a job in Germany ?
Is Atlanta GA a good place to live?
Flying to another country for the first time. US to Japan?
Help Find the Right Caribbean Vacation?
Has this been,in Britain, the mildest Winter you have ever known?, for me, here in the North East, Yes!?
do i call out or go in.. (bad weather conditions)?
UAE schools and sex education?
Saudi schools and sex education?
Why are pyramiding type of businesses so popular in the Philippines?
I want to go travelling!! Advice please !?
Best UK seaside town to live not too far from London yet not as expensive?
what is squatters rights for apts in ny?
How do you send mail to Canada?
How long and where to stay in New York?
are there alot of gay men at New York University?
How old do you have to be to drive in uk?
Safest city to live in india?
Do western expats hang around with South Asian expats in Dubai?
Hotel Management course in Malaysia?
I am travelling to New York City as an 18 year old.?
Should the FA permanently ban Nicolas Anelka from playing football?
Did i just hear someone calling me? ok no, saying my name?
Someone PORTUGUESE please help with lyrics?
Are FUji TV/ TV Tokyo premium channels?
Why do Israel and Canada have good relations?
Does Israel have any form of football (soccer) tourism?
What popular certification, programs, etc. will help with career opportunities for TEFL?
Disney Aulani Hawaii or Disneyworld?
what is the contact number of recruiting agency of british airlines in London?
British accents and phrases?
Australian car purchase?
Can Someone Use a Mexican consular ID to fly inside the US?
We all know about Clive Palmer but is there a Mrs Palmer?
honest and professional English interpreter in Guangzhou China ? Any suggestions?
Need a bed space or a single room in Dubai.?
What was Kenneth Bae's Crime??
Inspired by The Heisenberg's question. Has anyone tried these Gummy Bears?
does Melbourne police take Facebook threats seriously?
best ways to get around la no car?
Is anyone traveling to Brisbane next Sunday ...?
Any one know a easier way of making money?
Do airports offer short rides on planes?
whats the gay scene in japan like?
How long would it take a package to get from the Ukraine to NYC?
what is the limit of age to checkin a hotel in malaysia ? thankyou.?
is the peoples of Quebec loyal to the Queen Elizabeth and her royalty family who are rein over Canada?
is greece the oldest country in europe?
gambling on a cruise 18yr?
going to south korea, what should I prepare?
What do Egyptian people look like ?
What do Egyptian people look like ?
Do you have to place a stamp on a package (box) before dropping it off?
Moving to Florida and having a hard time finding out which areas are safe and affordable.?
who is this kpop artist/korean/maybe actor?person?
Technology from Japan in other countries ?
What is the best country you have ever visited in your entire life?
Where might I buy a Universal Power Adaptor in Sydney?
Aussies and friends: Farts are funny. Farts are not funny. Which camp are you in?
How long will standard international shipping take?
Can a situation in Ukraine happen in Russia?
What's your opinion on South Korea?
African American in Mexico?
I'm training on becoming a barista in Portland?
Get a job in Ontario WITHOUT parental permission at age 16?
why do I get news from India?
If I travel from Oodnadatta to Birdsville via the Oodnadatta Track?
Can I use usps priority box in a normal box for padding and pay normal rates?
Can you bring too many goods back from another country?
Does this prove how irrelivant & anti Australian unions are in Australia ?
What Are A Few Great Shops in Japan?
Do Russians like basketball?
Are the following American celebrities famous in Russia?
what can i do for 2 hours and 19 mins in a airplane?
What do I need to do to move from US to Ireland for an extended period of time?
ARE DISABLED AUSTRALIANS GETTING THE CRUNCH WHILE OTHERS HAVE CAVIAR FOR LUNCH ?
Can I fly alone at 17 years old? (NYC-FL)?
Anthony Mundine said on the ABC this morning he wants to enter politics & run for Prime Minister of Australia?
What is more important to Russian people, generally?
How to get over something dear to you that broke?
why did Russia accept the external debt from the USSR?
What makes Cancún different than other Mexican beach resort areas?
Is there school tmm ? In nyc?
I need help for my violence issues?
Why is Israel important and has a special status in Hispanic studies?
Which Los Angeles-area airport is closest to UCLA Medical Center?
Are there any dokusha models/reader models contests?
Is the Brooklyn neighborhood and surrounding area safe?
Any good concerts coming up in Northern ireland / Ireland?
New ID waiting period?
Can I wear my headphones during checking?
My husband has been offered a six figure + salary in the Caribbean. Would we be nuts to decline it?
Please can some1 tell me general guide to the differences in winters in say long beach and San Diego ?
What's a good modeling school.?
A kids TV show from the UK?
Is there a season for Australian flies?
Are there many Muslims in Sweden or Denmark?
Hey I am going to Disney World with my dad what stuff should i make sure we do?
Is Thailand homophobic?
How safe is South Africa for woman travelers?
If China was smart, would it use Sun Tzu's tactic of making its enemy think it is weaker than it really is?
Why does Canada have high humidity all year long?
Why doesn't China simply state, categorically, that it has never been a currency manipulator?
Best parts of Belgrade and Šumadija?
Should Nelson Mandela's name be set above those of M.L.King and Gandhi for his non-violence credentials?
Why do Israelis consider Ashkenazim and Russian Jews to be separate groups?
What is an average rent in USA?
how safe is juarez monterrey mexico?
Good, inexpensive neighborhood to live within the New York City area?
When is the best time to travel to Ireland?
What places in london have the LEAST blacks and asians?
which country you want to live without being the canada?
Why is Nauru following Morrissson's lead of silencing democratic right to know?
Suspicious All-State band judges?
When do Boston Red Sox tickets go on sale?
Need Russian army slang/lingo/jargon?
As US permanent resident can I enter Canada by air and return from there to USA by land route?
What's the weather like in Texas and what is there to do for a holliday ?
Do Jewish people believe in Jesus ?
Question for all New Yorkers?
What is the best place to spend your 21st birthday in California?
I'm going to New York in a couple of weeks, can I take cigarettes with me?
Spring break ideas? Besides cruises?
how old do u have to be to smoke electronic cigarettes in cali?
Should I live in Boston or San Diego?
moving to dubai from saudi for employment?
Should I live in Boston or San Diego?
Is the Museum of Natural History donation-based still?
Where to live in Hawai'i?
What are the requirements to change into a married name.I am a holder of a ILR visa in UK.?
How much do Visual Merchandisers get paid in Seattle Washington?
NZ south or north island first? Question for locals or travelers!?
Which town is the best in florida to live??
How much money do I need to save to go to Florida ?
Filipino food menu...?
What makes Jerusalem 'your city?'?
If you had to choose next execution who would choose Aum Shinrikyo followers or Tomohiro Kato?
Can you backstroke to/for China?
City holiday destination?
Who is an Australian Citizenship Certificate signed by?
why dont british people like iain duncan smith?
japanese input method on JAPANESE keyboadrs?
Is it true or is it possible?
Jet Airways Airline <jetair.recruiters@dgoh.org>; is it a scam ?
Some Infos about Greece? :)?
Would you believe this?
How do I travel around Berlin?
What is going on in my Beloved Ukraine?
Is Dec a safe month to go on an Asian Cruise ( Singapore/malaysia) what's the sea condition on Dec?
What's the sentence for rape in Singapore?
Is my Bahrain job offer is enough to live there and be able to save money the same time?
Have any of you had recent experience with real estate salespeople ....?
Im a Manchester Traveler Need Android travel guide app?
Can't cancel my non-refundable hotel reservation, what should I do?
Is my bag too big for Ryanair?
how hard is to meet pakistanis in uae?
Will Emirati men welcome the military reform by the shiekh?
What Japanese band is this? 20 points!!!!?
I'm 17, am I allowed to get a flat?
Is Australia an Expensive Country?
Where can I buy raw sugar cane in New Orleans?
Does anyone knows any adventrous places in australia to enjoy holidays?
What date/time will the opening ceremony of Sochi 2014 air in Canada?
a school girl in akihabara?
is my friend able to work ?
How to get to nearest Greyhound station from Newark airport?
What is the best way to travel to Ottawa, Ontario from Chicago, Illinois (or anywhere in IL)?
How to move a mattress across the country?
Can I go to lakshadweep this vacation ?
Package for military bf stationed in japan?
Best way to get from glebe to Ryde TAFE?
the leader of Canada will travel to the Russia Olympic?
On which terminal Gate B is located for parking my car at LAX CTA?
Did Japan islands used to connect to Korea and China a long time ago?
Any good Swedish bands/singers?
What Japanese jobs pay ?600,00-?800,000 a month?
how much is beer at the adelaide oval?
How should I interpret my social visit pass validity here in Singapore?
What is the salary of taxi driver in US?
please help with my flying with my son!!?
Can a student passed from india get job in china or japan?
Australia Day is coming up ....?
What are some good Thai Lakorns?
where to get kunai knives in Japan?
Who is better Jacky Cheung or Edison Chen?
Why do people travel to the Middle East?
are there many interracial couples living in Austin Tx? and is it an issue for Austinites?
What is the most polonofobic country in Europe?
Weed and airport security?
Does Canada have saks fifth avenue and neimans?
Whats The Average Temperature In Arizona - By John Phanchalad?
Will you help me reform the Inca Empire?
How does Lebanon have the best parties?
What is a \Fixer\?
Australian men's fashion... will you embrace the return of short shorts?
Place in US that snows with beach near by?
Why would an Australian be deported from a supposedly friendly country?
i want to teach Arabic in Canada,what should i do ?
What is the best city for me? Portland, Oregon; Boulder, Colorado; or San Francisco, California?
plane ticket to parris island from bwi airport in maryland?
Question for foreigners in the Philippines?
How is Christmas celebrated in Russia?
Going on a Band trip in April/May... What should I bring?
is it legal to camp on beeches in Rio during the world cup ?
Israel:Why are building the third temple?
Do all flights and airports have English service?
If Japan has a population issue, should not the Prime Minister set the example and have children?
does disney hire people with diabetes?
Do hotwire.com have good rates on rooms?/are they legitimate?
Israelis/Palestinian conflict?
Is \l'ile d'Oléron and Cévennes nice places to vacation in france during the summer?
Is it easier to emigrate to the US permanently if you are wealthy?
Whats the cheapest way to get from Heathrow to Taunton in Somerset by public transport?
What is the best place to get coins for parking meters in London?
Can I renew my passport in person?
Things to do in NYC for a 15th birthday?!?!?
can anyone with a criminal record travel to brazil for the w/cup?
Will I be denied entry to Canada for temp visit (4 days)with my 5th degree theft charge from over 3 years ago?
What distance to arrive?
i dreamt on was on a cruise ship but it was after i died?
Shipping Cigarettes through UPS?
Can a US citizen stay in the UK after marrying someone that lives there?
was Turkish TV-series \Muhtesem Yuzyil\ translated in Japanese?
If you had to use a single picture - photo to illustrate Australia what would it be of...?
What's a good restaurant to visit in Canada?
traveling overseas and taking medication?
do Israeli people speak English very well? because it's like a second language?
Any New York recommendations?
What should I be expecting when I move to Paris?
POLL: Where should I go this summer? Dominican Republic, Jamaica, Puerto Rico, or Belize?
is it allowed to go the western wall to non jewish people?
How generous is your King?
what would gay men in japan think of me?
WHat happens if you use the red channel at an airport?
temporary cell phone in japan?
How safe is the Downtown / Pearl District area?
What do You think about Italy?
Why is Mitsuko a common name in Japanese horror / suicide movies?
What should I bring to kentucky?
Where's the best place to go in cyprus for young ppl but not ayia napa?
Did anybody else have the same problem with YesAsia?
How to become Globe Trekker/ Travel Presenter in Channels Like ( TLC, DISCOVERY, NAT GEO, FOX TRAVELLER ) ?
which is most livable city Paris or Amsterdam?
Lord Jim Hotel LONDON - someone have the free wifi password?
Why do so many people want to live in Miami?
What should i look out for when booking a flight?
Things to do in Zaire?
Should I be afraid of chain letters?
Activities in Tromso, Norway?
What is it like living in New York City?
London vs Melbourne? Which is better?
In Russia: how many people kissed Holy gifts of Magi?
Travelling by road from Bangalore to Coimbatore?
How many accents do Israeli people talk ?
Has Korea been colonized by Japan?
16 and traveling with a 13 year old?
How much will everything cost to go to Cancun for a lads holiday? Drinks hotel flights included...?
Does anyone have UPC, Eircom, Sky, O2 or 3 broadband?
Blue Lagoon Village, Kos?
are there any apartment resorts in sousse?
Is Morocco a good country to visit on holiday?
I will be visitng London in the summer what should i do!?
i need to know facts about mexico city?
What is the future of Hong Kong going to be? Hopeful? Bleak?
What are the best PC shops in California ?
I live in Westlake, OH, but my mail says \Cleveland, OH\?
I cant fly.............?
What veterinary clinic in riyadh has the cheapest price?
advice for an airplane?
cheap way to make calls from ireland to pakistan?
where can I get the talking minion dave in sydney australia?
Should i see wicked on broadway?
North Coast NSW, best holiday destination?
What would be better to major in a double degree in business management and economics or simply finance?
Am looking at going cyprus this may and was wondering where is good to go for young ppl?
What is the best resort/hotel in surfers paradise(gold coast) for the family?
Best way to go from London Victoria to Westminster Bridge and back as fast as possible?
how do u find any parties in melbourne?
What are the winters like in Calgary, Alberta?
is US5k enough spending money for a month in the USA and Canada?
What are my chances in my choices of Japanese Universities?
What is your opinion on Romanian guys under age of 30?And also Romanian guys as boyfriends?
What to do in Kathmandu?
i am in the ukraine and wish to view as many engish channels as i can. can anyone advise on the way forward?
Marseille; gare St Charles - what's that hotel at the foot of the Grand Escalier?
which hotel is best one to stay at las vegas and why?
Why didn't Korean men help comfort women back from Japan's soldiers at that time?
Visiting New Zealand. What to do?
If you were to choose six countries to visit, what would they be?
Group of 18 year olds wanting to go to Mexico! But where?
What was Fidel Ramos like?
When I post an answer in Travel Australia with my new snazzy tablet, why does YA insert swear word symbols?
why isn't University the same in Melbourne?
Are the youth in the bay area more down to earth and friendlier than Southern California ones?
what is classified warm or cold in Melbourne?
Is it hard traveling with a duffle bag?
Are the drug problem in the Philippines getting worse? What do you think?
how much does it cost in tolls from florida to new york?
do Harper make change to law that was set?
Getting a working visa in Europe.. Do these count as professions in demand?
Do the janoskians live in LA.?
About sm global audition?
Does the Manhattan Flatiron building point at the Empire State building (or towards it)?
Do I need to to change the name on my passport if I'm going to canada and have since been married?
Sex on a cruise ship?
What am I doing wrong in my life?
can i buy a plane ticket with no money in my bank acount?
Motorcycle licence in Germany?
Is mondo flights website legit?
Why are Southwest Airlines lines so long??
Which one these places are best to travel?
On Greyhound.com and it says N/A on the advance purchase slot?
Food in Philippines that help your health?
Is Turkey safe place to visit in april 2014?
Are there really angels in Los Angeles, the City of Angels?
how do you get a bouncer job in thailand?:?
Is the Wall Street Journal the only news source that has been hacked by China?
How much would it cost to move to England?
What influences your choice ...?
can my grandma (who has custody of me) get me a passport and give me perimission to go over seas?
How much would my family katanas cost?
How many bags can I take on American Airlines?
More Australian slang?
how are girls in peru ?
Process of getting married in Vegas or by court?
What are the pros and cons for moving to Nova Scotia from the USA?
Where are good places in brazil ?
what is the best things to do in Cappadocia Turkey?
Where is the most beautiful beach pier in CALIFORNIA?
Are there many of you hobbiest that love minature trains been to New York to see the Holiday Christmas Train?
Have you seen these Treasures of New York?
What is the best Disney theme park for a 12 year old girl?
people that live in sydney Australia !!?
Do you think Miranda Kerr is pretty?
How many times did you visit the Kotel (AKA - Wailing Wall) in the old city of Jerusalem?
How long would it take to ship you furniture and car from London to San Diego?
Is Japan a diverse country?
Experience taking a 3-day Greyhound trip?
ok. im looking for a house to rent in the chicago 60638 area?
I am a french/lebanese citizen about to settle in the UK I have a (international )lebanese driving license?
Checked in baggage in International Flights?
I want a purse backpack?
Move to florida or stay here in maryland ?
whats the cost of a passport?
did puerto rico have more land before their 1918 tsunami?
What's Mexico city like?
How long does it take freightliner to get from the UK TO NEW YORK?
New York is a good place to get a job?
Am I considered short in Japan for male?
What should i do when i'm in Cancun?
who named countries like indonesia, malaysia, philipines,?
Gay marriage laws in Britain lead to floods , Australians must resist anti God laws here , do you agree...?
How long does isosickle take to ship?
Please explain israel-iran problems?
Should I move to Portland, Oregon?
Are there Live WebCams at WDW?
Do you know something about Romania, Macedonia, Serbia that makes them \unique\?
Fedex tracking vs amazon tracking confusion?
What is the best city for me? Portland, Oregon; Seattle, Washington; or Denver, Colorado?
can you visit ecuador while in peru ?
Is Shim Jae Kyung a Korean boys name or a girls name?
How is peru ? is it worth visiting ? what is there to do or visit ?
What do you think of this?
Who has the best looking girls between Ecuador n Costa Rica ?
i'm from malaysia, currently in uk 6 month tourist visa, can i extend visa stay more than 6 month?
what are the rituals/practises that accompany a meal in the Philippine's culture?
Do I have to pay to cross in from Ohio to indiana to get to indianapolis?
How much does it cost to ship boxes (personal items) from Minneapolis to California (huntington beach area)?
Can you name one incident in Russia that nobody ever talks about?
Have the number of Ukrainians seeking hospital aid declined?
does anyone know any good traveling summer camps for teens that travel to europe?
Booking a flight to Providence,RI from Rochester,NY?
London's East End - 1880's compared to 1930's?
What do I need to know about moving to the United Kingdom?
What does my girlfriend say in Russian?
What's the cheapest way to get to west coast Canada from New York?
Is there a list or map of NYC subway stations with public bathrooms in them?
how long is a flight from BKK to Karachi?
Should I visit Seoul or Okinawa when I visit Japan late March?
Lebanon : how do I elect myself as king of Lebanon ?
What do Russian guys look for in a girl?
are ushankas worn mainly by old people?
What is mean by Park and Ride?
Do I have time to visit London between flights?
What are the 12 tribles of Jacob/Israel (as a whole) called today.? Those from Israel are called Israeli(s)?
What is the difference between West harlem and east harlem ?
should i wear a brace on my sprained ankle for walking around New York City?
where does the las vegas strip draw its power from?
how many polar bear clubs are in Russia?
London: Movida is closed, where se can go?
Planning to go to South Korea alone... tips?
How much does it cost to fly and stay for a week in Thailand?
Where is a good place to live in London?
Which place to Visit Dubai or Malaysia?
Nice place in UK to live?
Can u introduce me a good hotel in New Delhi?
Who is/are the regurlatory bodies of Domestic ferries in the UK?
What is the cheapest part of New Jersey ?
Why do some Jews see Muslim claims of the supernatural illogical, but...?
Is Australia a racist place to live?
Lebanon: Did Just Smile cause the Civil War?
How can I move to Papua New Guinea?
Is the Hezbollah museum in Lebanon \Mlita\ considered as a marked tourist attraction?
when will they make golden sun 4 camelot?
Cost of living in Abu Dhabi?
How do I get a proper brittish accent?
do most people in kent speak french?
can i get out from transit Amsterdam Airport Schiphol transit era ?
Can someone please help me?
nice beaches to go to in nsw?
Do I look like Sooyoung SNSD?
what would you do if you could go back in time ?
please can some one tell me how long it takes a parcel from Turkey to reach Cyprus?
Is Israel charitable?
What's the meaning of this female Japanese name: ?? ????
What do Glaswegians think of English People?
Could Australia possibly deny me entry ( 10 Points best answer)?
Is 2 thousand 400 in Australian dollars enough to cover a three week holiday in San Franciso?
Autocad course, how much earnings in UAE?
I am from dhaka,bangladesh and i need to travel sylhet,so tell me where will be best place to stay in sylhet?
Visiting London with two passprots?
Dubai related question: If you are an Arab person who drinks alcohol, can you get arrested for it?
How long will a known homosexual last in Novokuznetsk, Russia?
where to buy quality violins in the philippines (metro manila)?
can tourists visit israeli training camps?
How do I get to Brampton from Toronto by bus or train?
Do Russia and China have any conflict going on?
I need help!!! CAN I GET MY LUGGAGE BACK??!?
For anyone who knows Chinese language?
Where are some cheap-as Op-shops in Logan, QLD?
I want to take my Japanese water boiler to the UK ~?
I'm moving to Fort Leavenworth, Kansas. What's it like?
Would you choose a firing squad...?
How were the pyramids of Giza made?
Planning to go to South Korea alone.... tips?
How do I bring my car from Japan to UK?
What would be youre final meal request if you are going to be exectuted?
How to write \Warnakulasuriya Imasha Sammani Fernando\ in Korean?
After the the AFL what other pro sports is popular in Australia?
Do Hawaiian citizens ever get sick and tired of living in Hawaii?
Why is Australian Rules Football so popular in Australia?
How much for a trip to China?
If you move to a different country or across the country, how will you move your car and furniture there too?
What did you do after your Birthright Israel trip?
Which do you prefer: San Diego or San Francisco?
Why is North Carolina so cheap all around?
is romano italy a real place or just a character in hetalia?
Which hotel to choose ?
why do talk with a brooklyn new york accent?
Medical marijuana research, possible to be introduce and legalize in the Philippines?
is there any one out there from another state besides ny and ca who own a farm or whatever fresh air fruit?
Can I bring this package with me to the airplane?
HEY ! Australians ... What is going on here please ?
Name something the chinese would not eat. Anything?
Do you support Israel?
i have to teach my mom how to drive, we live in las vegas so i need a place where can take her! any ideas?
Where isn't there a Hong Kong section here? There is Taiwan. Hong Kong is so distinct from mainland?
On a cruise when buying alcohol?
Question to Israelis? What are the black Israelites?
Has it ever been your role to advise the doctors to turn off the machines...?
Which one of these pics most closely resembles the wheelhouse / ops centre of an Australian navy vessel?
how much it costs for australian visa after ielts?
is there chuck e cheese in the country of mexico?
Who do you think is the VIP in this car?
what type of clothing should i wear for a weather around 8 degrees celsius?
Plz tell me , 250000 Turks liarasi value in India ?
Does Australia have a tonight show...?
Last cruise I had been on with a guy, advice?
can someone help about questions on Texas?
What channel is Comcast Sportsnet Philly on Dish Network?
usps tracking: no update in 3 days?
Why does Houston have a marathon?
Is 3 Weeks In Tenerife A Good Holiday?
Does Israel treat Palestinians better than the Arab countries?
Will there still be the United States of America in 200 years time?
Is this a fair analogy about Australians in overseas jails?
what is the biggest ethnic group in Delaware/Philly area: Latinos, Italians or Afro-black-Americans?
I've been wondering who has longer legs?
Is 5k-6k CAD enough for a 10 day trip to Hamburg, Germany as spending money?
What are Hungarian Slovenian Russian prisons like?
I'm planing go to NYC for my 1st time in October and my budget is not too big, what do you recommend?
Carnival Dream or Carnival Magic?
Where to travel to this weekend ...?
What does \kaka\ mean in korean?
I have a 4 hour layover at Singapore's Chiangi airport. Whats good to do there?
Can kids qualify for TSA PRE Check at the Airport?
I'm going to Disney with my school?
KPOP FANS: What do you think of this Japanese song?
Does Husky Stadium in Seattle, WA have Wi-Fi?
Are there any KPop songs about long distance relationships?
am i Rick Dior reincarnated?
Is Sooke BC a good place to live if you have kids?
Sooke BC? Is this a great place to live, I am curious if this is \white bread\ areas?
Can u name some good and cheap and clean and 3 or 4 stars hotel that it's location be good in New Delhi ?
is the peoples of G.Britain celebrate today (17 January)?
(Scottish People) Will you vote yes or no for independence?
Why I am moving to Alaska?
Can practical nurses work in Europe?
in Philadelphia what is the closes street or ave to New York?
easy jet baggage allowance?
Moving to South Carolina from New Jersey..?
im 21years old , i need to travel sunday but 2 days ago i lost my iD ugh .. do greyhound ask for ID ?
Israel-Palestine-Whos indigeneous?
What are the most beautiful must see sights in Spain?
In which categories are getting family stays in uae?
In Pennsylvania near Gettysburg?
Going on exchange in Spain, what should I bring?
I live in UAE and i wanna bring a Siberian Husky, The Question is can huskies stand Dubai hot weather?
Lanzarote, Gran Canaria or Tenerife?
Like about how long does it takes for canadian sponsoring to go through if u are qualified?
where do i go to if i want to send a parcel from australia to canada?
Travel sickness related question....?
Where to buy usb bitcoin miners in Glasgow?
I want to experience living in another country (Norway & Spain)?
Going to Spain on exchange, what should I bring?
How much should a 13 year old weigh in Japan?
If I paid a two million won fine in Korea some years ago, could I still return?
If Spain keeps refusing Catalonia an independence referendum, won't it make more Catalans pro-independence?
Can you turn right in Albuquerque?
Crazy people on UAE road?
Which island is better to live on Mauritius or Reunion?
DTW international service?
What Routes will the Delta 787's be used for?
Is it true that most americans hate New York?
do i get holiday pay if i grt sacked?
Metro of los angeles and distance between cities?
How come that is not what the cruise industry means when it says two for one?
Is it true that jewish people love money or its just a myth ?
Which hotel would you rather stay at?
Want to buy a place in London, help?
how to travel Arinjar Anna Zoological Park (The Vandalur Zoo) from chennai egmore and how much does it cost?
My girlfriend's U.S tourist visa is about to expire this April.?
Hotel in Waikiki... which one would you rather have?
What are the best places to stay in Miami Beach Florida?
How to get to yonge street? 10 points!!?
Flying for the first time: tickets, when to buy, and age?
Which American city is the best to live in?
Is there a need to cnfirm flights in saudia airlines?
Best sushi places in London England?
When did Bob Denver pass away ?
Has anyone been on the Caribbean Cruise lines?
are their any countries that sell guns to tourist?
I liked a girl which is in LA California?
If i order something from amazon, do i need to be at my house when it arrives?
My 15th birthday in Miami?
My Family and I are going to NYC. Which neighborhood is best to stay as a tourist Chelsea or Tribeca?
Where can i live thats near the beach and city?
how to adress this to the United Kingdom?
Got transport questions and other questions - tourist in toronto?
do Australians not like British snobs?
Ghost tour open in January in the DC area?
FanExpo Toronto Canada VIP tickets aug. 2014?
Who owns the building that houses the Chicago Club ?
Part-time jobs in London?
What to pack for a winter holiday?
How old do u have to be to rent a hotel on disney?
Do people in Japan hate white foreigners?
What places to go in India during June/July? I am going with my friends.?
Naturalized diet member in Japan?
where is the best place to live in the poconos pa?
anyone know good buisness universities in brussels (belgium) for my master degree in finance ??
Would you recommend Cozumel as a safe vacation spot?
what are some good sites to chat with Korean?
CCM entertainment, leon entertainment or chrome entertainment?
What are the best places to live in California?
Whats the best brand or most warmest gloves you can buy for newcomer to toronto can you get hypothemia ?
Best hotel for rewards?
What is the dublin number for the Cork area or Youghal? Ireland.?
Chances of a 13 year old boy from Sussex being mugged in London Victoria in the day?
Good spring break places for 20 yr olds in March? How is St. Croix?
Good comeback when someone speaks Korean to you?
Can I be a personal trainer in another country?
Is Norway a good place to move/live?
Why do some state that Israel/Jerusalem isn't holy to Muslims?
how long does it take to cross the dalton highway?
i want to visit from germany next stop amsterdam, italy rome, france paris?
In Chepstow where is the departure point for National Expresses coaches for London?
Why does Jamaica cater more to couples than singles?
interracial couple in america?
Famous Houston, Texas U.S.A. Native: Hilary And Haylie Duff, Danielle Bradbery Or Beyonce?
Would a squirrel travelling at 220mph go through you?
i hope to travel to rome in about 6 months, do you know of any good things to see or do besides the obvious?
Where exactly is the Tesco in West Cromwell Road, London?
How long does it take a letter to get to Sweden?
Flying with Ryanair from Dublin to England and my passport expires 2 days after flight home. Will this be ok?
I just move in Mexico Queretaro, and I'm searching for a job! Can someone help me please!?
Do you respect or look down on those Spiritual master,Spiritual Guru,or those who has spiritual power?
Can you please translate this turkish song?
Anyone traveled from the US to Japan with a dog?
They say \Undies\ on US TV now, have you noticed any other Aussie slang words out there?
The increase of rapes in india?
manila to jordan ticket costg?
Do you think sparta will beat athens in a world or will athens beat sparta?
can I get money for cardboard in Bakersfield ca ?
How many poinst do i need to go to Kings college london to do massage theropy?
A return ticket now required for Malaysian citizens to travel abroad for their holidays?
Where can I buy a sunblock in jeddah saudi arabia gharnata street?
Do young Koreans these days have a hostile view of Japan?
How to get discount on tube with railcard?
Why are mainland Chinese so rude and dirty compared to Japanese, Koreans, and Taiwanese?
Thinking of driving to China & back. Any advice welcome?
Who would win a battle between an army of Japanese samurai or an army of Nordic Vikings?
Ok, so I'm moving in Chicago and wondering what you think about these neighborhoods?
Is this area relatively safe compared to Van Nuys or Reseda?
can the Australian medical licences exam( first part) help me in Canada?
Does someone travelling from Malaysia to Australia need to have BTA Basic Travel Allowance?
Where can I get digital photos printed out on physical paper in Japan?
is there a health certificate in Caloocan City?
Where can i buy cigarettes underage in Melbourne, Australia?
How much does a plane ticket cost to fly from US to north korea?
where is the best mall in manila to go?
Who is the superintendent of police of kolkata¿?
best place to shop in Penang?
longest highway in the world?
is a flight attendant a good job?
Why has English weather become famous, is it the most volatile in the world, more than the tropics?
wom -- please care to explain yourself? your pathetic statement?
Roughest cities in England and why ?
Are there any stores that sell tramadol without a prescription in Oakville Ontario?
Is there any best plumber company in Las Vegas?
anyone to recomend a beting bloger for daily tips?
why is it so hard to ship from dubai to the usa? is there anyway to ship without costing me a fortune?
How do you travel to Colmar in France?
do british people like churches?
Philippine HIGH SCHOOL (De La Salle) tuition fee.?
A question for Russian MEN (to do with women preferences)?
How to hire an interpreter & translator for work, and tour guide for travel in china ?
Why Japanese people all have different words on history?
where are Indian reservation booking counters/centres operated by IRCTC across bangalore?
Drugs airport! Please help!?
i am going to turkey in may 2014 do i need a visa?
Flight fare deal? Any difference with travel agent?
is Bankers Hill considered part of \downtown\ San Diego?
Lebanon , are u following the proceedings of the STL ?
What caused the obesity crisis in Gaza and the West Bank?
why am i paying double for internet in south korea that is only 10mbs when off post they have around 48mbs for?
How to become a Flight Attendant?
Is Seattle somewhat under Microsoft's influence?
i am ma in history?how to get in job of fox travel?
where to go in gold coast?
In your opinion, which one is more beautiful Craiova, Romania or Stockholm, Sweden ?
Where exactly is Yahya Ayyash Street located?
Why actress suchitra sen remained in exile all these years?
i need to know what so famous about Bali in specific way?
is liquior is prohibited laugage in international flight?
I want to buy s4 4G which made is best??? Korea or veitnam?
I moved to west anaheim. any locals, have a question...?
How much would a cross country trip from Sacramento-ish Ca, to New York New York,?
This is becoming rather confusing?
First time backpacker to Europe?
Where to buy discount Disneyland tickets?
What kind of pre employment drug test does HP Hood do Sacramento?
do Australia have \Outback Steakhouse\ restaurants like those in Canada and America?
please suggest me the best itinerary from aluva by train to cover palani, madurai, rameswaram, kanyakumari,tvm?
What do Filipinos know about K-POP?
Can I pack 6 months of medication into my carry on bag whilst transiting in Dubai?
Can I take 6 months supply of medication to Dubai in my carry on bag?
Help Please: Can I travel with 6 months of medication in my carry on? (Transit in Dubai)?
Does a 15 year old flying alone need a photo ID?
I booked my ticket but my ticket is not sent to my mail ID?
List of job consultancies in chennai?
Is there a college in south africa that teaches in afrikaans?
Does Denmark still have a king?
What is the focus of elections taking place in Egypt? According to the report, what is on the line, and why?
Can a 15 year old travel on a plane without parent permission?
Finding outlets to sell jewellery in Australia ($3000-$4000)?
Whats the best way to travel in Sri Lanka?
Where was the first known Israeli Hebrew language crossword puzzle published;what date?
How to understand the India accent?
Will an airline still let me board despite my ID being expired?
Seattle: What are the areas with cheapest rent?
where do I buy synthetic oil in cabo San Lucas?
Mexico: What is mexicos racial demographics?
Where should I move Hawaii for California?
Traveling problem (please help)?
why hasn't my package been updated?
What is the Japanese version of Noona/Oppa/Hyung/Unnie?
Which is a better place to do a summer internship, Cape town or Dublin?
Best place to live and work for 6months?
Jai hind college Bombay (mumbai) fees?
Flame college Pune fees?
Where do you see Israel 2 years later?
Mardi Gras Dates help (New Orleans 2014)?
What's it like living in Texas, and what towns.cities are best, with low crime and such?
What is your opinion on Allegiant Air?
Is Kopitiam-Lowyat.NET a suitable forum for a 13 year old teen??
Whats a better course to take in dlsu, Economics or Finance?
Do you have to have someone 21 or older on a cruise?
Traveling to another state? Not residents?
What are the best cities in the western US with a large population ?
Is it safe to buy EDC Las Vegas 2014 on http://edcvegas.yolasite.com?
Kindly help we are overstay in malaysia?
Looking for Lightweight Mummy sleeping bag for fat guy.?
HELP!! Can anyone give me any info about the 77070 area? Im looking to relocate around tomball parkway area?
Where is a good place to vacation in Vaginia?
What u think about my name ..Sahil...boaring or stylish?
Do people watch American Ninja Warrior?
Should I fly with Easyjet or Thomson?
how to get work authorization in UK?
What are some good travel toiletry bags?
What is a potato man?
What city is in this picture?
Is airport wings pvt ltd give job or not and why they demand 35000 dd which is refundable after 18 months ?
Has anyone used Vayama to get a airline ticket refund and if so what was the outcome?
What are ways to keep busy on an airplane?
How to get to third street promenade from anaheim?
hi,i plan to travel and has a connecting flights,soon to US, my 1st time, any hints please?
Ending Child support in Nova Scotia from Abroad?
What is the closest mountain range near Topeka, KS.?
Laduree Macron shop in NYC.?
Do China people use Western emoticons or Japanese emoticons?
What are good hotels near London?
Where can I find light pastel purple lipstick in Portland Oregon?
How to go to Peterborough from Torento Airport?
What is the difference in operation between Hong Kong local account and Mainland China's offshore account?
How do you view Turks?
why do people judge philippine woman all the same that they are looking for money not love.?
what shipping bags does wet seal use ?
Thinking about biker electricians in Queensland...?
22 years old - Moving to Austin, but what area? HELP!?
If you had your dithers, would you eat off the ground or table?
looking for good schools near florence, indiana.?
where can people live for free?
Singapore mathematics?
Questions about england ? Landmarks?
how much cost from Nashville,TN to Chicago for one person?
I am going to Las Vegas in May. What are some of your opinions on good hotels?
goa beach .... (not as easily accessible)?
Can you bring guns on a greyhound bus if its in your check bag?
why is my package not moving usps?
Does a plane go the same amount of feet in the air from Texas to Louisiana as it would from Texas to New York?
What are fun and relaxing things to do when alone in a hotel?
Where is the best place to travel to in the spring?
Why is Chicago so cheap?
Any idea how I can get donations for an educational Washington D.C. trip with my school.?
I wanna know how to get donations for school trip?
Where would you rather go? La jolla, california or las olas, fort lauderdale?
What do you miss most from the 90s Britain ?
how far from alabama, usa to sydney australia from the West compared to going East?
Is it safe to travel IN China?
how to make danish friends in denmark?
how long is takes for a package to be sent overseas to its destination?
Makati to SM BF Paranaque?
Did Egypt really win the war in 1973?
how much are tolls from Scranton to Syracuse?
What are some highways/main roads on Long Island, Manhattan and Brooklyn, NY?
what movie have been filmed on Fiesta Island, Ca?
Have you had a bad hospital experience?
explain influences on charles darwin's ideas?
Which is faster B/D or N/Q line from 34th st to Barclay's center?
If I live in Woodlands, TX what Craiglist cities are close to me besides Houston, TX?
Missed 'Cash only' toll on the Garden State Parkway?
do you need a california id to go to san diego ?
Can anyone recommend Pattaya Beach in Thailand?
How much money should I take to disney world?
How is the German that is spoken in Liechtenstein different then the German spoken in Germany?
What is the prettiest country in Europe?
Plane ticket from NYC to Seoul?
Cheapest way from New York to Cincinnati?
First time traveling alone?
how much plane ticket manila to boracay, go and back?
Question for people who know Dubai well?
Do White people think that Asian people are ugly?
Im going to Mount Sinai Hospital Toronto & im getting off at union station, which subway should i get off too?
Best way to travel in London for 1 week?
Do you need a passport to see the AMERICAN side of Niagara Falls?
Can The City Of Chicago Boot Cars That has Temporary plates on it?
Does Hejaz actually belong to Jordan and not Saudi Arabia?
Cruises with in United States?
Turning 21! Places to party at ? Near Palmdale CA?
How much would it be if I went by ship to Uk?
Can i carry a gun when i'm traveling international?
I am going to paris, london and rome this summer and I was wondering if there is anything for teens?
Is tap water bad for you?
Would I fit in in Alaska?
Will toronto bus transfers work for subways?
What's the name of the man who lived at London Heathrow airport?
Is New York a city or a street?
Help me memorize please?
Places not affected by typhoons in South Pacific?
Places in near australia not affected by typhoons?
Want to know about your experience in cancun spring break middle in march?
Does anyone know some places the believe movie is playing around Brisbane?
Secluded Campground Spots Near Sacramento, California?
Suggestions for places to live. South East England.?
Is 5k to 6k CAD Dollars enough to go to Germany for 8 nights, 9 days?
Was Ariel Sharon kept on life support for 8 years?
Which is closer to Toronto: Buffalo or Detroit?
Which airlines don't charge for 2 checked bags on international flights?
What does my girlfriend say in Russian?
going to japan. ICOCA card or japan railway pass ?
How does Japan feel about the Chinese point of view that Japan had to be \castrated\?
will i get caught if i take tramadol pill through an airport?
Please translate this Russian conversation?
Usps tracking Processed at USPS Origin Sort Facility?
Moving to California?
Is the Melbourne-Sydney rivalry real or just a myth?
Why did China allow a force of 3,500 soldiers to loot the Old Summer Palace?
Similarities or differences between China and Russia between 1750-1914 THANKS A BUNCH?
How to say in Tagalog/Filipino -- I'll never stop loving you?
What city is more interesting and better to live in Las Vegas Shanghai or Hong Kong?
How can somebody stab someone and eat their lung over a game of chess ?
Am I going to be short?
Gyms near Laval,Quebec,Canada?
What is a good budget for a road trip?
How to get around in NY?
Can you rent a party and go out of town?
How do you return back home on a plane?
Tattoo Parlor in Thailand?
Can I walk into an airport and refund a ticket I bought online?
Is it illegal for a person to smoke medical marijuana on a park bench in LA? Even if they have the card?
Will a small 2x4 inch pocket mirror trigger the alarm at the airport?
Have you ever met an American southerner in Canada?
My girlfriends mum lives in France, we're both 15, when we're 16 can we both go live with her?
What is better for saving money?
Why do some people born and bred in England not know what the UK is?
What are these pictures of?
im 17 will i be able to go to any nightclubs in paris for my holiday this year ?
Clothing for school trip to normandy ?
how to install android os on tablet made from china?
package stuck isc new york?
I'm Travelling to Japan in September?
Where's a nice place in Britain to move to?
What's the best method for finding a job in Long Beach, CA?
getting a rental car out of new york city?????
finding a video from ridiculousness?
Wll $2000 Dollars be enough when visiting England?
Are the Surenos gang in Chicago?
Can someone please translate this? (Japanese)?
What is the country code for international callig?
What refugees are there in Indonesia? Where are they going?
Fictions that takes place in Japan?
whats the best website to use to book cheap airline flights ?
Did British people like Churchill?
Claustrophobic, going to London tomorrow?
how old do u have to b to work in NY?
What phones do SNSD use in music video \My Oh My\?
Hawaii or Florida. why?
What is something different, unique or interesting about your city?
EAST AFRICANS QUESTON?
is it good that Justin Beaber is to be deport back to Canada for assault on neighbour house in America?
How are the Dominican Republic Women like?
Can i move quebec to ontario?
How can I travel and party!?
So I'm going to Amsterdam from March 14-March 18 and I have a few questions.?
where in taiwan to get condolence gift made?
what are some of the best apartments in LA?
I would like to move from the UK to California to become a real estate agent-how do I do this?
Why aren't there any ethnic russians and ukrainians in brighton beach?
What is the concept behind dubai sport city?
Will nonstop flights to Japan come later in the year?
Stadiums and theaters with big stars.?
How much do cruise ship workers make?
How to send flowers to China?
IS melatonin legal in China?
Trip to Amsterdam, I'm 20 years-old, suggestions on what to do and where to go?
have you ever had to fly with a toddler and did they check the birth certificate?
What does this Arabic text say in English?
Any amateur football teams in Barcelona (Tarragona area)?
How much is shipping from US to China?
why all these attacks in Lebanon lately?
Which parts of Los Angeles are the safest and best? How can I find legit modeling and acting jobs?
Will i be inspected at the mexican and U.S. border for anything whatsoever if im walking back into mexico?
What's the best way to find a job in grand cayman?
Is U.S really in that bad shape ? If so what's wrong with it ?
How old do you have to be to rent a house for a night in London?
Can I cancel a shipment through USPS?
Have they selected the homeless person who will be blamed for this years' wild fires yet ?
What are the cheap websites or travel agency to book a flight to south africa?
What are good websites to find out job vacancies for airport based?
Who served longer as Australian Prime Minister John Howard or Tony Abbott?
Why was Israel a leader in the 1970s Disco scene?
what caused lebanese civil war?
What is the CHEASPEST WAY to ship a parcel to INTERNATIONAL from Canada? (Toronto)?
Anyone what act records that it is illegal to charge people to find them a job?
Which cruise ships should I work on?
hi am a middle age man 56 and i thinking of becomeing a travel agent?
Is daytona beach a good getaway for Valentines?
What do Lebanese people think about the Israeli film: Waltz with Bashir?
Does working at McDonalds increase my chances of working as a flight attendant?
Is it easy for foreigners to learn Japanese?
Is there a bus route from the shore points to central new jersey?
Who are the great presidents that helped France?
is there a chance that the glendora fire will spread to other cities near by?
What is a fun area to hang out and stay in Minneapolis?
does anyone have a Southwest Airline Promo code or coupon?
How long does it take to receive a package from hong kong?
2014 may to June: Can I drink in Italy/Rome/Tuscany?
Transfers from South airport in Tenerife to Playa de las Americas?
where do you go out for the weekend?
i am in USA NEW JERSEY EDISON to visit i have a EMIRATES NBD debit visa card from UAE?
How do I get Austin Mahone to follow me?
What job can you get at LAX if youre 16?
After interview how much time does it takes to get a visa for U.S.A.?
what is the sacking procuder in england?
I Want To Travel but I'm Scared of Certain Countries...?
How far apart are the watchtowers on the Great Wall of China?
where are the good jobs in chicago ?
When did the UK start being called the UK?
wolf of wallstreit review: excellently film and massage?
Do u need a travel agent to book a flight or can u do it online?
Can i get a fl license if i had my ny permit for 10 years?
From the croatia airport in Split how do I get to the bus station in Split and from there to Sobrec?
How do you write this in Chinese?
Exchange student, New york or Los Angeles?
I want to live in LA or near?
Do university teachers speak of sex in Russian universities?
Economy shipping from Bulgaria to Canada?
Lebanon: change politics lets see you guys what you have in mind for that?
airport wheel chair assistance , please help?
I leave home before the visa arrives?
What Primary Occupation I should select as I am a Marketing Manager?
Does the Charter of Rights apply only to citizens of Canada ?
what is post code of riyadh.?
how long would it take to get from the somme to verdun in ww1?
What are the nicest areas to live in Staffordshire?
Air craft and Air ticketing education.. (._.')?
what is post code of riyadh.?
What are safe, cheap, and fun vacation spots to go with my friends?
How can I cancel this cruise without being charged?
i want to travel and work in Italy for the summer ... help?
Is Brighton a good choice for the summer?
Where to get moving boxes??
London tube with suitcases?
what can you bring on a plane?
Can I travel from Crete to Paris using my ID?
Playboat kayaking club in Alicante?
Rise of unemployment in France 1933?
do Mexicans still celebrate the day of the dead?
What You like At a Bed and breakfast!?
How Is Niagara Falls Protected?
Where can I find Japanese merchandise on Felicia from Capcom?
The best mall in Orlando, FL?
Hey anyone can give a good bedlam address in delhi?
What has ASEAN done for the Asian contintent?
why the English and G.Britain peoples are like this?
Question abour irctc e ticketing?
can you directly fly to lebanon from the United States?
Best places to see/stay in Maui (no rental car)?
I have been receiving emails from monte carlo hotel & resort casino in ON canada.?
How long does it take for an item to ship from Hong Kong to Victoria, Australia?
Is the magcon tour been to Chicago?
Do Korean guys like tall girls?
what has happened to Melbourne this past week?
How much are the average cost of power and water in Oahu?
What are the pro and cons of living in Corpus Christi Texas?
how long should 1st class mail take from indiana to arkansas?
Would you buy clothes for a guy who lives in the Philippines who was in need of clothing?
Challenge ur mind: - you entered a bus -in that you saw 7 girls -each girl has 7 bags -in each bag there are?
My life is in a Crisis! Can anyone help me get out of it?
How much money should I take to a France trip?
going to pahrump nevada need advice?
Why do Filipinos say their government is corrupt when they are the ones who elect their government?
WHat flag is portrayed on the Bob Marley Survival CD cover?
what should i know before moving to canada?
Do you think that there are Northern Irish who hold both British and Irish passports?
How is Israel a leader in wireless communications?
what is majorca like?
how long did it take lebanon to recover after the civil war?
Where is a good tropical resort I can visit with a lot of wild monkeys?
I worked in Saudi Arabia what is the procedure for stamping Saudi visa in new passport in manila?
Is Camden NJ a bad place to live?
how would i get charge for booking a hotel in another country with usa currency?
What is the minimum hourly rate sufficient to survive in San Francisco?
If it is my frst tme in Southern Calfornia and I don't have kids what should I do?
Gibraltar and Shengen visa?
What is a French girl's view about dating, romance and sex?
how much is it to get my g1 in ontario 2014?
Can I be Informed if my daughter leaves the country?
Where in Israel can I rent a net stick for my laptop, for a one month stay !!?
Should I drive or take public transportation to San Francisco from Hayward?
Does London have CCTV surveillance on every street of the whole city?
how would living in Scotland and working for a Canadian company work?
Long Island City hotels?
Where is the hotel located at the highest altitude?
How to pronounce the last name Bouchev?
What are the best things to see in London?
I'm having diificulty translating Korean characters to english...?
What is the telephone number of Mexico pampanga phillipines ?
OJT in SBMA Philippines?
People in Ireland, do you feel closer to the USA or to Europe?
Can i exchange 80s mexican coin pesos in the uk for british sterling pounds?
Greyhound Canada! please help!?
Birmingham to Faversham, Kent - best route and time?
Cheapest place to live in USA with an internet connection?
what is the min hourly salary range in ukraine...........?
looking for good hotels in sunny beach for young people?
planning to start a wll company in bahrain.?
Easy methods to move to middle east?
People in the UK, do you feel closer to the USA or to Europe?
Best way to buy airline ticket?
At ATL, can I go through the security at the int'l terminal even if I am flying domestic?
20-somethings heading to Vegas mid-January; what to do? Have been twice before and have done the typical stuff?
what are the jews looking for under the golden temple of the rock in Jerusalem?
Restaurants near Great Wolf Lodge in Dallas?
Is it cheaper to buy BMW/Volks Wagen etc in Germany than Sonderborg, Denmark?
Where's the best place to live in Australia?
I'm looking to move to america but don't have a business or any family out there, is this possible?
Hi, SIR I JUST WANT TO KNOW MY NAME IS BLACKLIST I DUBAI?
how to say this in japanese?
Can a person get married in canada on visiting?
moving to the scottish borders - SELKIRK/MOFFAT?
Are you happy that Rhonda chose Ketut over Trent ?
Holiday Villas in Malia - Crete?
What are Chinese girls like?
Can I sleep in Heathrow?!?
exist again dragonara hotel in england ?
Can I rent a hotel room in Germany at 17?
how much will a one way ticket cost from Detroit,ms to Greenville, ms?
what to wear in Las Vegas?
Can I take a TV with me over a flight?
were can me and my husband go for our annivertaries in march outside of atlanta?
how can apply for Dubai visa ?
I am looking to get my carpets cleaned in Cardiff?
Travel agents : How to promote my business , worldwide ?
Is the marriage fund working in the UAE?
How will the airport work when I'm flying international?
How to get from Bolsover to Clay Cross via Bus?
I'm traveling to Ireland for the first time this year. Can I have some tips?
High schools in nyc, do they all have high school reunions?
Who are more intelligent Saudi or Emirati woman?
what is the usual temperature in southern california from July-august?
Better for a new-comer: Suburb or Inner-City?
I really like what this emirati lady has achieved, what do you think?
I felt no danger in Krabi.?
The Royal Conservatory of Music, Toronto - Music Exams in India.?
Hi. I would like to know whether the RCM (The Royal Conservatory of Music, Toronto) conducts exams elsewhere i?
Tips for backpacking in Europe?
Gambia - Bumster or genuine?
Are there retirement places in California for retiree with modest income?
Why did Britain control Hong Kong for 99 years?
ill be going to norway and its my first time please help me on how to travel i every airport?
how is the education in poland?
Why in Malaysia we don't accept USD from tourist but Cambodia,Vietnam,Laos,Myanmar they accept USD?
When will my package arrive ?
Air traffic controller, is it for me?
What are the names of some popular songs you hear when you go on vacation?
Holiday to bercelona where to stay?
I need cheap accommodation near Emirates Stadium?
How do I find state assistance before moving to Dallas, TX?
What are rate indian rupee in Bhairawa Nepal?
In town of 500 people, 285 read Hindu and 212 read Indian express and 127read Times of India 20 read Hindu and?
which is best food of india and china?
why Russia help Iran?
are there any woods or forrests around ely,cambridge?
Can my husband travel to Portugal on a Colombian passport with a British residense?
I want to print my indigo ticket I have my PNR number?
Places to visit outside of NYC?
Is Calcutta a dangerous city compared to others in India?
Which is the most artistic city in India?
My UK passport was damaged, I have a valid US B1 OCS visa still in it, can i still use the visa?
work problems. need advice please?
What is California like?
How much money to travel Taiwan and Thailand?
best way to travel to america?
numbers in germany ..how to pronounc?
Is it possible to travel the world without a lot of money?
Airport Security, my rights?
21st birthday vacation trip?? Help?
Are street signs in the United States exactly the same design in every town and city?
What is the average cost of living in Canada?
is israel a good coutry?
Hi, I live in Brazil and would like to have friends in Canada?
How can an Expat from QATAR having RP visit DUBAI?
Can i find a Harris Hawk in Italy?
Is there anywhere in the Philippines retired military can catch space-a flights?
how many flights has been booked last year in 2013 for the following countries?
Has Kejriwal's idea of abolishing the VIP culture backfired?
Please sugges best hotels in Munnar, Thekaddy and Cochin?
I want to start a business in the Philippines?
Is there one of these in Belfast City?
Is it a crime if i was to goto mexico and for the hell of it hop the border?
how can i check my saudi arabia visa that it is correct or fake?
What are some touristy things to do in Vancouver BC?
how can i check my saudi arabia visa that it is correct or fake?
Cheap hotels in corbett national park, Ramnagar, Uttarakhand?
anyone ever have a pet denied while at the airport because of kennel restrictions?
How much money needed to backpack for 6 months?
how much is a glock in the Dominican republic?
Good website for visiting London?
what do you thin about arabians?
Is north korea dangerous to visit being a American?
How much money needed to backpack for 6 months?
What race would this guy be considered in Latin America Brazil in specific?
Trip to Europe Prices?
Can tourists visit Gazas training camps?
How to go to bagdat street in istanbul?
Regarding to UPS..what should I do when my package is delayed?
how some people get permission to get inside of the dome of the rock and the mosque of alaksa?
where are the oil refinery located in Saskatchewan or around that area?
Anyone else in Victoria, Australia?
I am travelling to bangkok on 24th jan 2014 and will be staying at baiyoke sky tower, is the area nearby safe?
where can i buy polymer clay in Dubai?
I have a one day layover in haneda airport. I was wondering what I can do to maximize this lay over?
i am gng to dubai cmng 19 and i have some doubts?
i'm a virgin...how bad is it guna hurt?
what is weather like in mauritius in march end, is it worth visiting during this period?
Switzerland banking secrecy 2014?
Does my sister have to be accompanied when she goes from one airport gate to another?
Can you bring magnesium fire starters into Australia from ebay?
What happened to Top Contributor Needful Sinner in Canada section?
Is it true that the vast majority of The People in China are now sick enough of their warmongering leadership?
Going to a Detroit Tigers baseball game. Where to stay?
How Easy Is It to Sneak People Into a InterContinental Hotel In LA?
i heard a rumor about bats,snakes,spiders and scorpions in Austin,Tx.Is this true?
young mom wanting to move from stl to Miami or surrounding areas. how much to move?
can i book one way ticket to italy ?
Can someone (with experience) leave me a guide in how to travel the world?
Are Ecuador and Colombia safe to backpack?
can you apply for a new ss card in a different state then where you live?
What size pack needed to backpack for 1 yr?
Are Gaza and the West Bank both Palestine?
best bar/party scene in canada. I am 21 and me and my girlfriends want to go to Canada for a vacation.?
Where I can find good condo listings in Bangkok?
KLPT vs TOPIK exam in Korea?
Moving to austin texas in the summer need help!!?
Best season to go jim corbett national park to watch all animals in forests?
What do Australians think of this proposal by the Qld government to arrest bikies at Anzac Day marches.?
Will i get searched going from UK to America on Ferry or boat?
What website is the best for wholesale from Bangkok?
how many destinations does british airways fly to in north america?
administrave hearing in chicago?
Soup kitchen and shelter in Nigeria?
What are FREE things to do in Portland?
What is the highest village in Nepal with the lodge?
How to meet people in a new city?
Cost of trip to Hawaii?
What is there to in celaya Mexico ?
flying from the us to sweden, layover in london...will i go through customs?
Is Japan and Russia still peace?
While flying from Kolkata to Rome I have to change flight at Dubai. Do I need a transit visa?
Can I rent a hotel room in Reno Nevada if I'm only 17 years old?
Do I need a visa to WWOOF in Greece?
How easy (price wise) is it to travel from London England to Ireland or Scotland?
Is Perth like Los Angeles?
how to get from Williamsburg to Roanoke cheaply without driving?
Philippines goverment is hiring foreign workers. Your opinion.?
do the President Obama ever come to Canada?
Australians: Do you believe in the paranormal, or had an experience with what you thought was ghosts?
Safe, cheap area to stay in NYC?
how old do you have to be to go to a bathhouse in Canada Toronto??
Do you know about Bandar?
Is there a place in San Fransisco to buy Audio/Video camcorders?
How do we know less boats are actually arriving and the government isn't just lying to look good?
how much did America buy California. from Mexico?
Fashion Institute of Technoloy New York?
Fashion Institute of Technoloy New York?
Canadians: What do you think of honour killings?
I want to build a city like gotham?
How can i cancel a shipment on USPS?
How old do you have to to go to Punk Rock Bowling in Las Vegas?
What's it like in New Zealand?
Can I see online if my nyc parking tickets are in judgment?
Will my leather boots get ruined in India's intense summer heat?
Florida to the Bahamas ferry?
A word that starts with f or q that is related to ancient israel.?
In Mexico, do they add 99 centavos like we do?
Australia has an ageing population this will lead to a declining tax base what should be done..?
In poorer parts of India, how do people shower, bath etc?
Turning 21!!! Dance Clubs with full bar near Palmdale, CA?
Are there any ulzzangs that are natural beauties?
Need to rent ranch for afterparty- help!!! Dallas TX?
Pls i'm citizen of Nigeria i want to download crash bandicoot 1 - 3 for psp how can i do it?
I am very weak in maths n after 10th class i opted for Arts.can i do BBA n MBA...?
Why is France the only good Latin country?
my brother is resident since 1988 and he went to panama and stayed for 7 years how he can come back to usa?
is pearson a good school?
Is living in Canada anything like living in the U.S.?
Is USA a desolate place in comparison with China?
Two weeks, two options. Advice?
Where will I find the best Chicago-style pizza in Rome?
How Common are Swimming Pools in American Homes?
why is the yakuza tolerated or accepted in Japan?
How long does it take from Charleston, south Carolina to Charleston, west Virginia in car.?
How long does it take from Charleston, south Carolina to Charleston, west Virginia in car.?
Questions about backpacking thailand alone...?
Questions about backpacking Thailand ....?
Sacramento and Russians/Ukraine?
What to pack for a four week summer camp?
How long does it take from Charleston, south Carolina to Charleston, west Virginia in car.?
What is the weather like in St. Louis during the summer? During the winter?
If you do a safety/parkour roll how far can you fall from and not injure yourself?
What should I do for my birthday (in Houston)?
What part of Sacramento has the most Russians?
Are E-cigs banned in Chicago?
I left my bag in the overhead bin on United flight from Tokyo to San Francisco. How can I find it?
what's happening in cairo today?
Who built Thanjavur big temple ?
What do you think is lacking in travel shows?
what style of Chinese clothing is this?
what is the name of the ancient tribal group thay settled in peru in the andes mts.?
Chippendales or Thunder From Down Under which show is best?
I accidently cancelled the wrong flight? Someone please help!!?
Two weeks to travel. Advice?
Two weeks and two options for travelling. Advice?
Good City Breaks for Students?
Has Anyone tough TESL( teaching English as a second language) in Lebanon or Jordan?
Australia: Why do religious fundamentalists think they have a right to try to impose religious law on us?
Best kpop groups???????
Does Peru have the highest amount of ancient sites and monuments in all of South A.?
Mechanical Technician salary toronto?
Anyone been to crete/malia?
I am romanian,can I travel from Belgium to Spain,by plain,with only my dutch residence permit?
Pros and Cons to living in U.K.?
Where to see flowers/ cherry blossoms in full bloom during early march?
drivers permit nyc :)?
Is there any cities in Indiana where they still use horses as a form of transportation?
Contractors in Fort McMurray?
Does this deci