what vampire movie should i watch?
monty python movies?
What do you think of the movie Mean Streets?
Catching Fire - \Make him pay for it\?
300 Rise of an Empire Who saw it? Who thinks the sex scene is so KINKY and hot!?
What Happens In Peabody and Sherman?
What good films to watch that are out at the minute or older? I like all genres?
I don't understand the movie Hancock?
Who here watched free birds and hated it ?
What's your favourite movie scene?
What are some good movies to watch?
In the movie Carrie(2013) what is the conflict?
Help finding a movie name?
Can I get a Region 1 DVD of Celine and Julie Go Boating?Is there such a thing as a multi-region DVD player?
Your best CRIME DRAMA THRILLER movies?
Why does Darth Vader wear a mask?
Where can a find this film: 300, Sin CIty and Robocop?
what's best movie you have watched lately?
Is there any movie about a plane crash?
What is your favourite 1980's horror movie?
Can anyone tell me the name of an 80's movie where a miature man comes from another dimension in a small space?
whats this australian film?
teen movies.. HELP im super bored..?
Let me know a list some best thriller movies?
Is Ride Along a good movie to watch?
What horror movie in 2006, was rated PG and had two little girls playing lemonade crunchy ice in the trailer?
What is the best Phantom of the Opera movie?
are there any movies about people with selective mutism?
What is the name of this horror movie?
What do you think of this movie scene?
What are the best disney animation movies...?
Good old school movies?
What is this movie called?
Any websites to watch Hunger Games: Catching fire?
Funny romantic comedy to watch?
I have a Harry Potter questtion about blood status?
Know any good courtroom dramas?
What song is playing in the background of the Lego Movie promo?
what are some good movies i should watch?
What are some movies about family life?
Can anyone help me remember the name of a movie, involved escaped prostitute?
Is it weird for me to like old movies?
What are the names of these movies?
Favorite movie of each year?
Why didn't the Wolf on Wall Street win the Best Picture at the Oscars?
Has a actress ever gotten pregnant doing a sex scene in a movie not a porno?
What's that movie called?! Don't think that anyone will be able to figure it out!:(?
what is the name of this song thats in the movie the long kiss goodnight club scene oldies song?
What movie is this?
Why are there so many of last year's films in the 2014 Sydney Film Festival program ?
Titanic 3D I need your help!?
What does <4 mean in divergent?
Do I need a permit to film adult amateur pornography in Las Vegas?
movie about five friends at a college reunion who are blackmailed?
What is the name of this movie?
What's the movie were a gun goes through a guys head cause it had a block in it?
Should me and my bro watch the boogy-man 2?
American Hustle question?
Are clary and jace really brother and sister in the mortal instruments?
From what movie is this?
Does anyone know of any good anime on Netflix currently?
Does anyone else watch pornography solely for the captivating story lines?
Apocalypse/Bug Out movies list?
You go to see a romantic movie?
In 'Misery' why did Annie murder Newborn babies while working at the Hospital?
was that jared leto in the dallas buyers club?
Do you recommend The Hunger Games?
What is the chronological order of the X-Men films (including Days of Future Past)?
In catching fire why does a man get arrested for doing the finger salute???
Why adults in movies are hard to understand?
Best movie plot twists?
Are star wars books real?
have you watch 300 rise of an empire in cinemas yet?
A good film to watch Mystery/Thriller?
help remembering a film?
What was the point of the Clone Wars?
name of these actors/film?
Does anyone know a good movie, possibly a comedy?
Is the Hunger Games movie exactly like the book?
Top 5 Steven Spielberg films?
X-Men Movies?
Hey help me! I desperately want to watch this movie, but I forgot the title?
Does netflix have more movies than this?
What is the deal with the Klingons in Star Trek into darkness?
What's that movie called?
Why did Sebastian take Cecile virginity in Cruel Intentions?
Any awesome romantic movies?
What is this move called, PLEASE HELP!?
resident evil: does alice ever get her powers back after losing them?
In the movie after the dark, was their school a high school?
is dead alive/braindead scary?
movie with the following scenes?
Any hollywood movies like a common man revenging for his loss in his life?
When is A Haunted House 2 coming out in the UK?
Best zombie themed films?
What's your fav movie?
Should Biopics be banned unless they have someone who resembles the main character?
Which movie/series is this?
Was 12 Years a Slave overrated?
Old vampire movie with short-dark-haired female vampire?
WHAT'S THIS MOVIE? ABOUT A GIRL LIVING WITH MILITARY VET?
Please help me find this Chinese movie?
What is the name of this movie?
Whats this movie about?
what is your favorite movie between Pixar and dream works?
Anyone no a free movie site?
I'm trying to remember of a movie! Help me pleaseeee!?
Are there any real snuff films?
Good movies to watch?
Cartoon Movie?
what is this movie called?
How would you describe the films of wes anderson?
Does anyone know the name of this movie where doors are portals to other places?
can you name this horror movie?
I'm looking for the name of a martial arts actor...?
any recommended korean dramas?
The Wolf Of Wall Street?
in house of wax (2005)who is the 3rd brother?
does anyone know what this anime is called i cant remamber?
Can you name a bollywood actress?
What was the movie from the 70's where in the end some gal has a razor blade in her mouth and cuts?
Is Sharknado a joke?
Who likes bad \B\ grade movies?
What movie is better?
Any websites for film auditions?
movie name is wanted .. ?
What is so special about \The Breakfast Club\?
Is the movie \What Ever Happened To Baby Jane\ scary?
if you have a cd of a film is there anyway you can save it to your computer?
Realistic horror films?
what is the name of this movie?
Help me name this movie?
Please help! I want to watch movies but when i look at the trailers i am not interested.?
When is there going to be a Child's Play (1988) remake released in theaters?
Bollywood movie song names?
can someone send me an imdb link with the top christian movies?
Star Wars: Clone Wars - Where is season 6?
What was that movie where its modern day in hong kong or some asian city, and the guy is the chosen one?
What does rated PG mean?
was a sequel ever made for the film they live?
why a sane man must appear insane,in an insane world?
Why do people make horror movies when they already know how bad the reviews will be?
shortest horror movie?
Did you see Kangna Ranaut's Queen,which is your favorite song from the movie?
hey, i remember when i was a little kid, i saw this movie with my older siblings, while on vacation.?
WHAT IS THIS MOVIE CALLED!!!?
[Film] The World's End?
What does \powder\ refer to in Sinatra's \Let's Get Away from It All\?
Romance movies with a actor from the uk?
What is the name of this movie?
Need the name of a movie, approx. 3 years old.?
What was the editor’s nickname for Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein in the film, \All the President's Men\?
Good ways to start a movie?
How did Audrey Hepburn's individuality create a positive influence women could look for in the media?
Do streaming videos on Netflix change?
Would you rather see 'The Nut Job' or 'Son of God'?
Can you remember any funny lines from movies?
Mockingjay movie questions?
Are the changes in Star Wars a big deal?
Have you a friend that acts like Walter Mitty who lives in his imagination?
Title of Australian Movie with numbers in it.?
What movie/tv show is this?
Jodie Foster Is My Idol?
Help name unknown movie/scene with a famous-ish monster scream!?
movie/comedy with guy who is blonde+ funny teeth learns to masturbate in friend's basement to parents porno?
GATTACA Movie Worksheet help please!!?
how long dose a movie stay in theaters before coming out on DVD?
Whats the name of this movie?
What do you think of the film gods and monsters?
What's the name of this low budget summer camp horror film?
10 points! Are there any movies or tv shows about genetically engineered individuals or clones (like kyle xy)?
what is this movie called?
What movie am I thinking of? Help :/?
in the movie, the exorcist, how did the demon hurt the psychiatrist?
Teacher helps underprivileged kids, what movie is this?
Does anyone know the title of a movie about a hockey player that is dying from cancer...?
in Waterworld, how can they still have gasoline?
Were movies ever seen as unacceptable by \mature adults\ (age 30+,conservative) like gaming currently is?
What musical instruments were used in the musical score for Fargo?
are they really making a book for the 2003 movie loving annabelle?
what is currently the best comedy movie (not old)?
need help with another movie title?
Am i turning into a jedi?
Poll! Three favorite movie villians of all time?
Why were Oscar movies so boring this year?
Anna or Elsa?
What is the name of this movie?
When will the Toriko movie be subbed ?
What is this movie called?
late 70s early 80s horror.?
What is the best CGI that you have ever seen in a movie?
What can I use as a Movie or Video Editor with no trial version?
Is About Time (2013) a good movie ?
Is the movie \Mean girls\ based on real american culture?
name of this old fighting movie?
Do you need to destroy all of the horcruxes to die?
How did the main characters from american pie series put up with Steve Stifler?
What song plays at the end of 300 Rise of an Empire?!?
List of actresses who play this kind of character?
In what movie, was this quote used:?
In what movie, was this quote used:?
List of voice actors who play this kind of character?
What are some good Horror movies?
Is the movie 'Cry Baby' starring Johnny Depp a family oriented film?
i think the movie was made in the 80's but took place in the 50's /60's about 3-4 young boys coming of age.?
Who is the Queen of exploitation cinema? [+18]?
Why don't The Warriors from the movie The Warriors take a taxi?
Why is the movie Frozen so popular ?
How can you determine the reliability of a historical film?
Where did Anne and Theresa go in the movie \Man of the house?\?
What did you think of the 'Gravity' soundtrack?
what was the last movie you went and saw at the Cenima?
i forgot a movie title....?
Is there a highly acclaimed movie that you hate?
Do you think Hollywood should make a big budget Sasquatch movie?
MOVIE NAME HELP?
What is you favorite movie at the moment?
would u consider human centipide a horror?
What is your least favorite James Franco movie?
New movie? help can't find trailer or name about kids on bus and cia agent?
Where is this picture from?
What is the title of the film where an elderly man and a girl kill crazy and unnecessary people by their guns?
What are the best upcoming movies this year?
Any GOOD horror movies with good endings?
i am suppose to take a picture of the backs of dvds that arent working but the scratches arent showing up?
suggest me some best romantic nepali movie?
will the amazing Spider-Man 2 be better than Spider-Man 2?
Was 12 Years a Slave the prequel to Rise of the Planet of the Apes?
What was The bad guy motive in green lantern?
What was the moral in the movie green lantern?
American History X or Grumpy Old Men?
Should I Watch Streetcar Named Desire?
Any movies about hating everyone or like wanted (office scenes)?
On a scale of 1-10, how good is the movie Nebraska?
What's this movie called!?
Slavery movies that are better or similar than 12 years a slave?
I'm making a short film. How do two girls usually become friends in high school?
How come in many American movies , the Russians are the \bad guys\?
The Way Way Back 2 Ideas?
How good is Monster movie on a scale of 1-10?
in the movie, set it off, does cleo hit any cops when she gets out of her car shooting?
Is watching porn considered watching something with sex and/or nudity in it?
Vampire Academy movie?
Why is Orange County so amazing?
Pirates of the Caribbean movie mistake?
Why do we like reading and watching movies?
Movies I should watch?
Movies about belief?
Can anyone identify what model, and make is the car that Two-Bit Mathews drives in the movie The Outsiders?
How would you describe this character's voice?
Was Jacob more suitable for Bella than Edward Cullen?
What kind of voice do you think this character should have? How would you describe her voice?
did they edit parts out of the dvd cartoon version of lord of the rings from the original vhs video version?
Help with a movie?
Why does Cinderella have to be home by midnight? (In the Disney cartoon)?
What can I put in a movie night basket?
What are some films like ' Untraceable'?
Is River Phoenix important in cinema,or just a footnote?
Which football movie is this?
Really Good Horror Movies?
Serious question about Mulholland Drive by David Lynch?
Suggest movies?
Movies about Teenage Punk/Emo Bands and Depression?
Looking for a Zombie movie?
Chennai Poll : Which film or Movie name is this song lines are from?
Recommend me some movie?
Searching for an Australian film?
names of good adventurous english movies ?
Why did Rocky the bear's killer instinct kick in when Stephan Miller was killed?
Name of the movie?
If you could remake your favourite movie by replacing the lead actors with singers.....?
What is the name of this movie?
Do you like High school musical?
Tell me some good english movie names.?
whether to go to a university movie night?
Can you please suggest me some biographical/ real events based movies?
Do you know this action movie title?
Which Is Better? DIVERGENT or THE HUNGER GAMES?
What is the name of this movie?
The Breakfast Club questions?
What's the most disturbing movie/show you have ever watched?
Saving private Ryan movie question?
Did you see the full trailer of transformers 4.....EPIC?
Transformers 4 question? Plz answer?
Any asian movie where a girl is good at fighting?
List 10 of the worst horror movies that you have ever seen in your entire life?
Is it true that Michael J. Fox's middle name is Andrew?
Okay so I can't think of this movie and its driving me crazy lol. Okay so this is what I know about it..?
Will Aaron Paul say \b***h\in the upcoming need for speed movie?
Watching We're the Millers?
Movie title name???
Saving private Ryan lit/film?
please help me figure what movie this is?
why Ben Affleck will be a bad batman?
Was Todd in breaking bad a neo nazi?
How many sequils are there in the original \Haloween\ film series?
I need to find the name of the blonde male porn actor that plays the role of the student and has sex with porn?
What's your favorite James Bond film from each decade?
why do some movies get great user reviews but bad critic reviews?
FMA anime HELP!!!?
If I want to get into filmmaking, how should I start?
Whats This Movie Called?
Which name is better Alice Iris Phoebe Miranda?
Good movie name ideas?
What are some good shows to watch on Netflix?
Why did the Harry Potter movies get so weird after part 5?
American Horror story?
Good movies on netflix?
song in the movie, “The First Time\?
Name this film?
I'm board what is a good movie to watch?
i can't remember this drug dealer movie?
Film Scoring: Spring Breakers (2012) Movie Score out of 10?
what is this movie?
What's the best italian horror movie?
Script writing : Needs a Title.?
Do you think Anchorman 1 is a funny film?
What do you think about Jamie Foxx playing the part of Electro in Spiderman 2?
How to make a windows movie maker for a cartoon movie?
12 years a slave?
Would a Beta max copy of Goldfinger rack in any dough?
can't remember the movie title?
Zombie Land or Shawn of the dead?
What is that new movie called?
is God boring? human's Imagination seems to much more interesting?
Does anyone know when Carol will start filming?
I'm into filming movies but I need advice on about trademarks/copyrights and patent?
In The Avengers movie, why did Hulk lose control in the ship, but later managed to control himself in the end?
Daniel Radcliffe gay sex scene?
In your opinon, what is the most commonly referenced state in movies?
When is the inbetweeners movie 2 coming out?
Is Black Hawk Down a movie worth watching?
Have you seen the movie Pacific Rim?
What is your reaction about \The Stepford Wives\ movie?
help me remember this movie please?
What are your favorite movie trilogies?
The name of a sad old black and white movie about immigrants?
Looking for some good movies?
Rambo the videogame review ?
did you know that bruce willis' character in the sixth sense was really dead the first time you watched it?
What would be a great movie?
what is the name of this american war or millitary movie ?
Has anyone watched Super Size Me?
where can i found the list of best movies 2014, i want to watch movies but i cant find a good one.?
your thought on Frozen's win at the Oscars?
where can i watch the movie pulling strings , and narco cultura online for free?
Help! Need a movie name?
Should they make a new nightmare on elm street?
Where can i watch the movie Alive free without sign up or downloading things?
Movie about a married couple based on a true story. Where he becomes completely controlling?
Movie about a married couple based on a true story. Where he becomes completely controlling?
What's your opinion on \an officer and a gentleman\?
Can someone help me find a werewolf movie?
Marching song in the Movie windtalkers?
Would Hollywood ever make a realistic movie about a famous Muslim leader ?
What are some movies that have an overprotective father?
Disney movie question?
Inapproprite laughter during a movie?
Why does it seem to me that some people hated \Gravity\?
name of hbo movie that came in the 1990's?
Who are the top 5 best actors of all time?
Is this the greatest movie of all time?
What is the name of the song in the movie \Murder in east Hampton\It plays halfway through the movie.?
What's a list of the all time must see movies made?
What are the top 10 greatest movies of all time?
looking for the name of two old movies 70s or 80s can u help?
Where can I watch the Oscars 2014 online?
So, now that Scarlett Johansson is pregnant...?
What are some foreign/independent film directors?
where can I watch the entire oscars 2014 online?
Who do I contact when I have a movie idea?
what is the movie called where an asian guy tells three tales from three different countries?
How is this movie called?
Ending to the Truman Show??
which producer of harry potter films died in the past 12 months?
Calling All Fans of Star Trek: Into Darkness! And Master Artisans..?
Which Harry Potter producer died in 2013-2014?
Movie trouble, trying to remember! !! please help?
Which Rocky movies are good movies?
Can anyone tell me what movie or show this GIF is from?
Clip from the movie Miracle?
What is the best performance by a male or female actor in american movie history?
a couple star wars questions - why do the sith hate jedi?
Need help finding the name of this move please help I really want to watch it again.?
Can anyone answer a few Star Trek V questions?
Need help with a Hunger Games punch line?
What are some good movies for me to watch right now?
What type of speed for netflix?
What is your favorite Hayao Miyazaki movie and why?
Whats the name of that movie where the A.I. ship takes over and raises the boy and woman to have intercourse?
What are the movies like cashback,malena?
Whats this horror movie called??? Please answer.?
Name of a Sci-fi short about a lonely robot?
I am looking for a specific movie?
Rot and Ruin Movie Audition?????
Do you think that today's movies are getting worse?
some pros and cons about batman begins the movie?
How to be a film director?
Does anyone remember the name of the song?
The Academy Awards giving foreign movies multiple nominations?
Really girly, cheesy highschool love movies?
Which types of films do you like?
goood movies to watch?
is kill your darlings movie based on a book?
does anyone know what fast & furious 6 movie the a poster in it?
Is bates motel season on on Netflix instant queue?
Why are action movies so dark now?
in the new rocky movie what happens at the end?
What are those drums in the movies?
What are your favorite classic movies ?
is it weird that i am a 15year old guy,andmy faourie movie is Practical Magic?
which is your favourite tarantino movie scene?
Is Halloween The Curse Of Michael Myers (1995) any good?
In the big bang theory what type of lightsaber toys are hanging above howards bed in seasons 1-3?
Who is Lupita in the Milagro Beanfield War?
Need help making up a movie title?
Movies to watch????
is there a way to see all Netflix content before buying it.?
what can i listen to and or watch to help my depression?
Mystic river movie help?
A curious question for anyone who have seen the Carpenter film: The Ward (2010)?
What Movie is this from?
does oscar 2014 result good enough ?
What languages does Disney translate their movies into?
Will i like 12 years a slave?
Does anyone know of any movies that are an Allegory/Symbolic?
Does anyone else love Frozen?
Has anyone seen Cinderella man? I need help with a question!!!?
WHO ELSE THINKS E.T. IS SCARY?
What are some good alien / alien invasion movies?
Good 13 year old girl movies?
What is an example of cognitive dissonance theory in a movie?
Why are heroes in movies, comics, and games depicted as mean now?
Whats a fun movie i can watch NOW!?
where and what time is the Divergent Toronto's premiere???
Where to submit short film screenplays for prizes or producers?
Whats your favorite stephen king movie & tell me why?
A movie from the 70s-90s, about an animal (Hedgehog?) dressing in a coat and hat to get an animal xing sign.?
Steve McQueen's Motives with '12 Years A Slave'?
What style is the movie Mystic River?
MoVie Amnesia plzzz help?
movies like awake and abandoned?
Anyone know any good films I should watch?
Oh brother where art thou?
In The Dark Knight Rises, how is feminism used?
Hey, I need a name of a movie. :))?
Similar movies to..?
Any free movie watchin sites.?
Does anyone know the name of this movie?
Should I see \Frozen\ or \The Lego Movie\?
How good does a Animated film have to be in order to be nominated for Best Picture in the Oscars?
What movie should I watch?
Will they make a Mockingjay movie for the Hunger games?
The Second DVD of this Film Wicked Whiches is faulty and now that I watched first part I am hocked...?
what is a good movie i should watch?
Question about NC-17 movie rating?
A movie from 70's or 80's where a class was kidnapped by a group of men wearing asst masks. one i think was a?
Annual Academy Awards or Oscars?
Is the lovely bones a deep movie?
What are some good books to read or movies to whatch that give an understanding of a woman's mind?
Films, sort of like Eragon but more emotional and dramatic...?
Which movie is this because I dont remember?
Forgot the name of a horror movie?
Would having a stylized atmosphere/world make sense with this film premise I came up with?
Ultraviolet codes question?
I need to know the name of the movie ?
Is Brunhilde a Biblical name? How does the black chick in the slave movie get named that?
Movies about mental hospitals?
Breaking Bad Season 6 Netflix?
MLB Logo in the movie Gravity?
What is the Turkey release date of The Lego Movie?
Documentary Subtittles or Dubbed versions?
Where can i watch the movie Jeune & Jolie (young & beautiful)?
How to get a job as a movie assistant?
What movie is this, does anyone know?
What was this movie called?
what is the early 70's made for TV movie about two children hiding from the Nazis in a Jewish ghetto?
I'm looking for a 80s movie where these three guys make a perfume that makes women do whatever they say?
Do you think I could get this role in this movie?
Examples of Allegory/Symbolism in the movie 'Avatar'?
What is the German song in \The Book Thief\ when ther're buring books?
are the wonder years on uk netflix?
Was anybody very disapointed with the Oscar wins last night?
If peter pan was really an angel?
When does the hunger games catching fire dvd come out?
When did the movie I robot take place?
If you could give Leonardo DiCaprio an Oscar...?
What's the name of this song?
Which movie is this?
Are movies getting worse? Come on, 12 Years a slave?
In the new fantastic four movie how do they plan on pulling of the human torch being black?
Question about \Khan\ in Star Trek Into Darkness?
What is this movie called?
Is hollywood the only option to be a successful actor, and be able to win a golden globe, grammy, oscar,etc?
Which Horror Movie is This?
How do i burn 3d dvds?
How and where can i watch the oscars a day after?
if a film starts at 3:50 and last 100 mins what time will it finish?
In Star Wars, what are Palpatine's motives?
Is Hakuouki Dai issho Kyoto Ranbu Movie 1 going to be subbed in english?
is Michael Pare dead or alive?
why, in movies about possession, are the victims always in a white night gown?
Greek mythology or World war movies?
What movie is this ?
I'm filming a trailer for \Carrie\ for english class... help?
any good movie? i am 13.?
What happened at the end of the first hunger games, but no spoilers cause I still might want to watch it?
What's this movie, it's a movie about a killer trucker?
Trying to find movie similar to omen movie?
Please help name his movie its quiet old?
Luis Bunuel, Terra Sin Pan (Land Without Bread) HELP.?
Question about the movie Dredd? the remake one.?
Question about the movie Dredd? the remake one.?
In Tangled, how come Rapunzel's real mother looks the same but not her father?
What are good TV shows and Movies?
Who recall the name of this movie '' The man lost his memory and he didn't remember his wife and his children,?
I need name of this movie?
What's the name of the movie where a woman thinks a man is gay?
How much does voice-over translation cost?
does anyone know any really scary movies that make you jump?
Can someone recommend some good parkour movies?
What did you make of movie Rounders ending?
Which movie to see tonight? Help please?
Tremors 2 movie - Spanish Question?
Question about the movie prom date?
Okay so there is this foreign film that I want to watch but I can't remember the name?
after how many years some one can use the same name of a old hindi film?
Okay so there is this foreign film that I want to watch but I can't remember the name?
whats this movie called?
after how many years some one can use the same name of a old hindi film?
Do novels and movies appeal to different audiences ? explain?
Am I the only one who thinks Christian Bale's Batman was not that good ?
Incredibles 2 movie?
why was some children's movies so dark?
What would happen if Alfred Hitchcock directed an adaptation of Godzilla?
ng try aq mg registered s sss para ma view ang contribution q,,pero d q n2loy..pnu q n ulit un mabubuksan?
what is the movie where a man falls for this dying woman she spends all her time in her garden?
Why do fanboys judge movies before they come out?
Did you agree with the big four Oscars results.?
#Help: Does any one know the Title of this movie please :) ?
Which movie am I thinking of?
What is this horror movie involving bugs?
Can you name this movie?
In the movie Derailed why did the detective order the cop to open the safe?
Good movies about eating disorders?
What caused Batman to defeat Bane at the end of the Dark Knight Rises?
do you know any movies where the girl falls for the loser/nerd or whatever?
What is the title of the english song played in the film highway ?
What Did You Think of the Oscars?
Best Science Fiction Movies to watch!!!?
Stigmata movie Italian dialogue?
Question about sharkys machine?
Who else loves \The Iceman\?
A movie name i don't remember the movie name plz help?
whats that movie called where a guy can see how long people have to live intell he saves someone?
Is the original star wars trilogy for \children?\?
how are teen girls represented in movies and what are some examples?
Top 5 favorite actors?
What movie is this called?
What movie is this called?
What movie is this called?
Film recommendations?
Didn't Maggie Smith act in Philomena? I recall seeing her during the awards season in a similar role?
Who can go to the Oscars?
movies about someone making a bet to fall in love with someone?
What are some good World War II movies?
How much weight did Matthew Mcconaughey loose for the movie, Dallas Buyers Club?
Which movies would you recommend based on the TV shows I watch?
I need help to find out the name of this movie with a boy killer?
Why can't good movies like \frozen\ win best motion picture?
Transformers 2007 where were the autobots before earth?
How to get the time to finish a screenplay?
Short story on \In time\ - The movie! Please help!?
If I own a digital copy of a movie, does it come with the file itself that I can store on my computer?
Is it strange to think of Jared Leto as Oscar winning actor now?
How Come Spider-Man and X-men Are Not Part of Marvel Cinematic Universe?
what is a good movie to watch?
Is it a slight when a movie wins Best Picture, but the director doesn't win also?
I am trying to find the title for a scarey movie I watched along time ago?
Who here loved the Oscars?
12 Years a Slave best picture: Your thoughts?
What do you think about Leonardo DiCaprio not winning a Oscar Award today?
Do you suppose I, Frankenstein was robbed of Best Movie Oscar?
Will Leonardo DiCaprio ever win an Oscar for Best Actor?
Did you ever think Matthew McConaughey would ever win a best actor Oscar?
I can't remember the name of this movie?
Is there a film that uses two different frame rates?
Is Lions gate making a sequel to \Now You See Me\?
Movies and Shows Like Dexter?
What is the movie where these people kill themselves?
Movie from the 80s help?
what ever happened to the good old Disney movies?
movies about teenagers with telekinesis or pyrokinesis?
Any movies that have a similar themes to these ones?
In Mrs Doubtfire, whst happens at the end?
favorite movie heros?
Does this mean that I don't scare easy?
Do presenters at the oscars read off of a screen?
List of some good horror Movies please?
what was last years2012 best picture at oscars?
Who is your favourite character from a movie from the past 20 years ?
movies where people get honked on the nose?
Scariest movies ever?
Why don't the best movies / actors etc ... get the Oscars ?
Looking for a movie name.?
Which Marvel Film Character Is Most Popular Spiderman or Iron Man?
What's this last image's movie's name?
Are the oscars live?
What is the name of the movie that's the last image on this forum?
When will Percy Jackson titans curse come out?
Do you know the name of this horror movie?
I have a question about the end of the movie brave heart?
Who had better eyebrows in A Few Good Men, Cruise or Moore?
Who was the girl that hung her self in the movie \The Tall Man\ What was she to the character Julia?
Movies that will make me scared of a ghost in my own house?
Do you think it would be interesting if the Wizard of Oz was remade but into a horror story?
Do you think Val Kilmer is an underrated actor?
how many oscars has harry potter won?
What do we call this thing I see in the subtitles ?
what movie does steve martin play?
Best movies of 2000s?
Good movies vs bad movies?
Why is the Oscars starting right now?
Help me figure out this 90s childrens movie!?
Who are the Oscar 2014 co-hosts?
how do u get the captions off if your movie on the dvd?
how do u get the captions off if your movie on the dvd?
What is the name of the movie?
Trying to find a movie I watched years ago I'm pretty sure it was a sci-fi thriller type?
Can anyone help me track down a Halmark Original Movie called Operation Cupcake?
Is My Friend Being Nasty?
Oscars 2014: Where to watch the 86th Academy Awards live stream?
Forest Gump Movie questions?
Some School/College teen comedy movies like American Pie 1(Best Answer 10 Points)?
In the movie thirteen days is JFK and RFK presented as a dove or hawk,?
What is the music in Stephen king's it?
best place to buy catching fire dvd?
What is the music in Stephen king's it?
What movie is this from?
Names of teen horror movies in the 1980's?
Name 10 action movies in which girl plays leading fighter role?
American Indian movie, stealing and trading woman?
which Hitchcock film is greater \vertigo\ or \marnie\?
If John Carpenter's the Thing where lose the USS Enterprise NCC 1701-D?
what is a good movie maker program?
what movies was leo dicaprio nominated for?
In your opinion, who is...?
How did the wolf of Wall Street make his money in the movie?
Movies about drugs/addictions/depression?
How do you get a SAG/AFTRA?
Were the late 90s - 2001 epic WW2 movies commisioned by the government as pro-war propaganda?
Movies online anyone?
Funniest movies of all time?
does anybody know of any other movies with characters like mathilda in leon??
What iare the most hilarious movies of all time?
What is the best Rambo film?
Is the movie A Clockwork Orange good?
Why do people always like to see bad things happen to other people in movies or shows?
What are some good scary movies on Netflix now?
Question about the movie \The Prestige\?
What 1980's Transformer movie or series had this disturbing scene?
The movie Gravity was so boring. Why is it so popular?
I'm looking for a movie that I watched a few years ago about a single mother and her son.?
Is The House At The End of The Street scary?
What was that fantasy movie that taught kids about child abductions or something?
Do you agree with me in that \Gravity\ will win 7 oscars?
Which John Carpenter movie do you like better The Thing (1982) or Halloween (1978)?
Movies like Panic Button, Would You Rather, Cheap Thrills?
What are some movies about strict fathers?
Think American Hustle has any chance as Best Picture?
British cult film recommendations?
Who do pick to win Best Picture in the oscars?
Is Yoda from Star Wars confused or is it just me?
What does the ending of the mechanic resolve?
whats the name of this movie?
Is doing research for my oscar predictions cheating?
what is the best dance movie?
Who here feels \Man of Steel\ was an Underrated Movie?
what is your favorite documentary film you have watched?
What's the movie called ? (read details)?
What are some good movies that capture Southern life?
I'm looking 4 an animated Disney movie I watched about 10 years ago about a boy with a toy remote control boat?
what's the closest to the original star wars you can buy on DVD?
Any good horror movies?
Does any one know this movie?
Enjoyable western films released in the last 10 years?
What are some movies that have a father who's a cop?
How can an independent writer successfully direct their own story?
What movie/series gives you the feeling of being in New York?
What is the name of the sniper they used in the first \Expendables\ movie?
what's the name of this movie?
Why Ender decide to disobey Bonzo request on battle field?
What does Hannibal Lector do to the thief in Hannibal?
Is any clip from the Action Movie FX app allowed on Youtube or is the effects copyrighted?
movie purchasing about?
Movie from the 90's, family murdered, detective searching it from a novel, finds them in back yard? Any clue?
I need really bad B-Movie horror flics?
a horror movie about a prison?
What film out of this list should I watch tonight?
I can't remember what movie it is - only remember a few things?
What are some good movies on Netlflix about SHTF?
What are some good 80s movies to watch?
What's this film/tv. Girl on date, fake tribal masks?
Where can I buy Mulan 2?
Is Captain Hook Fair or not?
The Boy In The Striped Pajamas?
Can someone explain the symbols of the movie 'Pan's Labyrinth'?
Who is playing Elena Lincoln in Fifty Shades of Grey?
Any good movies on Netflix?
Opinions On These Films?
is it illegal to copy a dvd my friend let me borrow to my laptop?
Is the second human centipede?
Who ran the car in movie rush when the two guys gives lift did nicky lauda drivs the car or his body double?
In the film Hot Fuzz, are they taking the piss out of a Satanic cult?
similar movies to boyz n da hood?
What are other movies like Escape from Planet Earth?
cast of The Departed, who played the police psychiatrist?
does anyone know the title of this movie please help?
scary movies that are actually scary?
contemporary kids movies with deep moments?
How did cristians react to the movie Little Nicky?
Beauty and the Beast human version movie?
What would you say is Kate Winslet's MAJOR role?
Need help with a movie I can't seem to find.?
QUICK! Where can I watch the Oscars online?
Have Star Trek, Star Wars, Tolkien, and Blade Runner all become passé?
The texas chainsaw massacre 1974 or 2003?
I need movie suggestions!!! Please??
Who could play Yoni Netanyahu in a movie?
What is your OSCAR pic. for best movie,actor,and actress?
What is the name of this movie I saw on TV?
where can I watch the oscars online live for free?
Is the cydia app ,movie box safe and illegal to use?
In what order should I watch the X-men movies?
when was Taken (2008) filmed?
In what order should I watch all of the Marel movies?
Am I the only one who teared up to the movie Armageddon?
in the movie elijah, is denzel washington blind?
Can I use this name for my story?
film plot....please help?? 10 points for best answer!!?
Quick: should I watch Blue Jasmine or Dallas Buyers Club?
Frozen vs. Tangled : BETTER MOVIE?
Am I too old for watching Animated movies?
what do think about the rumors of the new Matrix movie ?
I can't remember the title of the movie wherein everyone was pretending that they dont know the main character?
Has anybody seen the movie Rudy? I desperately need these answers!?!?
whos the most talented actor out of this list?in terms of exspressions ect?
is the evil dead (1981) really really scary?
bored..suggest me some movies:)?
Where can I watch all the nightmare on elm street movies?
what are some movies about teen girls? Not chick flicks?
I can't veryfy my IMDB account with a phone number?
should i watch oldboy (2003) and se7en?
movies coming out in 2014 based on books?
when will these movies be out on dvd?
Any good romance Japanese movies?
What is the symbol of the old mill in the movie Pan's Labyrinth?
Better director part 2 (again) Chris Nolan or Stanley Kubrick?
How much characters in a line are good for a subtitle file?
Who is better Martin Scorsese or Quentin Tarantino?
Why did woman go braless in movies/tvshows in the 90's?
Where can I watch citizen cane?
what movie is this????
Where can I watch Carrie online?
Movie based on someone in financial crisis?
Looking for this particular Prison Movie?
Which of these are your favorite Movies of the 2000's?
which movie is better?
Frozen digital release Australia?
What is the name of this movie?
Representation of masculinity in 3:10 to Yuma (2007)?
Do you think Dracula (1930) will still be remembered in 30 years?
Name of 80's movie/film?
plz someone recommend some movies?
What's the movie called?
Will Disney do Les Misérables?
Movie where a mother steals back her child from her Arab husband?
What is your all time favourite horror movie?
Who is currently the best actress in Bollywood who is over 50 y/o ?
Where can i watch a filipino movie starting over again?
When is the next canns film festival?
Silver Linings Playbook neighborhood?
does anyone know movie where the woman was killed while in the bath tub?
What is the song playing xXx 2002 film vin diesel jumping in the car?
Can someone tell me what the name of this anime movie is?
What is your favorite Ashton Kutcher movie or TV series?
WHats Shirley temples favorite movie?
Question about Somali pirate in Captain Philips movie?
Will I be able to watch the Oscars live in the UK?
What do you think of the Razzie results?
Can someone please check for a film on Netflix for me?
Movie about mind reading children?
Can I get paid for ideas and how much?
will space jam 2 be good movie?
Where can I watch the nominated (animated or live action) short films before the oscars tonight?
I'm looking for the movie where the guy loads the dishwasher and wants the girl to notice?
Do you think the new star wars films will be any good?
Looking for movie title- it's not The Prince and Me. Movie from the 80s may have been only on TV.?
alien (1979) or aliens (1986)?
Looking for a movie with Forest Whitaker in?
Would you watch a modern sequel to the folowing movies?
Am I the only one who thinks Meryl Streep should win the Oscar?
whats a good horror movie thats not well known?
The Outsiders!!! :D hey hey?
what movie is the bottom picture from?
Recommend some movies. Genre is explained in \Additional details.\?
Is frozen based on a true story?
Romance movies! Anything new or old Preferably 00's no older?
What's more important for a movie, better video or sound quality?
Researching 1950s educational films?
Did you see the movie Wolf of wall street?
Why is Gravity up for an award?
What is this war movie called?
Question about Wait Until Dark?(movie)?
How's this for a SciFi movie plot?
which soundtack from the hobbit is better?
is resident evil corny and ass?
Looking for movie recommendations: main characters w/Southern accents?
How can I watch free full Chinese movies on line ?
What does Arwen's hair look like when she gets married?
What are some Asian vampire movies?
in real life is this possible?
What is Titanic 2's rating?
Why is Danny Glover uncredited?
How does one go about getting into the adult film industry?
Scary movies make me have a mental breakdown?
movies to watch high?
what movie is this? Help me, PLEASE!!!?
What Mental Illness does Jasmine from blue Jasmine have?
I'm trying to remember a movie?
MAGIC 8 BALL IN MOVIE?
Name of certain porno?
Should I watch Lord of The Rings or The Avengers? KOTN?
A movie about teenagers who get superpowers?
Movie where killer makes victim break into his own shop?
I'm thinking on making a ww2 film,But i need props.guns,cars?
When is season nine of Supernatural being released on Netflix?
Smiley face killer?? Note where at In montana?
Sad movies to watch on Netflix!!?
what is the name of the song at the end of the NWO: the revolution movie?
Most Popular Titles With Plot Most Popular Titles With Plot Matching \?
What's a good movie like Mean Girls?
Jeepers creepers 10 pts?
Movies about firefighters?
Movie *About Time* question?
Am I the only one who wished Elsa struck Hans' heart towards the end of Frozen?
How to throw an awesome DVD release \party\?
What was this movie?
Good movies that are about teen depression/drugs/alcohol/addictions ?
What are some of the saddest movies you've ever seen?
Terminator Still Alive?
What is the name of this movie?
Is the cast for The Titan's Curse decided yet?
Help on the name of a sci-fi movie of the 60s?
Films with charismatic female leads?
What themes are portrayed throughout the movie \Troy\?
Movies like Alexander? Sad Romance?
What was this Movie/Tv show?
What movie(s) did you anticipate...?
I want to know what movie this is?
Captain Philips Movie Questions?
If your life could be a movie which would it be?
What is the name of this movie?
Sad netflix movies. ?
Can anyone name this movie..?
What is this movie called?
What's the name of the movie where a guy kidnapped a girl, and he later fell in love with her. The girl later?
Can you help me name the movie?
Whats the most scariest movie or video you have ver seen?
Help finding a movie. Driving me insane!!!?
Name of a Movie about a high school girl?
What movies star Adam Butcher?
What to wear to Divergent Movie Premiere?
what is the name of the song at the end of the endless love movie 2014?
Queen Mother Elizabeth, are there any movies of her life afterKing George VI died?
Need to know the name of that movie please?
What kind of problems would make a person start using drugs?
Where to get certain movie props?
Name of this Animated Movie?
Who killed the pilot in the movie Non Stop?
Please tell me the name of this movie, it came out a couple of years ago !?
What Exactly Happened In The Ending Of Thor: The Dark World?
What movie is this? (gif)?
Anyone know what film this could be from?
Is there a list of all the new movies for this year?
What movies sucked this year?
Why did they take Queen out of the Mighty Ducks movie (1st one)?
Sequel to Disney's Frozen?
Please help!! Sad Movies ?
Frozen Hans question?
i watched a movie with a man and a baby?
Which to rent: 'Gravity' or 'Thor: The Dark World'?
im looking for a film title....?
after credits in some movies there is a kid licking an icecream, can someone find the image on google please?
Anyone know any websites were I can watch films?
is there anyone out there who enjoys talkin bout halloween the movie?
what is your oscar pick for best picture?
How did the captain die in the movie Non-Stop?
What's a good zombie movie?
Can someone name some good movies that just came out?
The amazing spiderman vs the original spiderman movies?
Whats that movie when his dad was nerdy and he met a strong cool guy at the gym and asked if he woulbe his dad?
Why do so many people like The Lego Movie?
What are your top 5 fav movies of all time?
Sad anime movies on Netflix?
what do you think about Hollywood making a pro-Constitution military veteran the villain in \Non-Stop\?
Has a trailer for the minecraft movie been released?
What film is this quote used in?...?
Films that are feel good and inspire you to be who you are?
Are you going to watch millionaires giving each other awards tomorrow at the Academy Awards?
movie help please!! ?.? ?
what is your favorite woddy harrelson movie?
Movies like Wild Child, Mean Girls & Princess Diaries?
movie name is wanted?
Good movies? To watch ?
What will win the Best Foreign Film on March 2 - Oscars?
Harry Potter fans, I have a question?
I want to find a movie that i saw,it waa about a rich dad that ran from home bcuz of his son.?
Do you think the second Avengers film will be better than, the same as, or worse than the first?
looking for a good thriller to watch,need a good story line please.watched most of the past years thriller.?
Does '12 Years A Slave' stand a good chance to win an Oscar?
Movie question do you know?
teen romance movies on netflix??
In the movie Blue Jasmine, why do the characters have Jersey accents?
anyone know what kind movie is this?
THIS HAS BEEN BUGGING ME FOR THE LAST COUPLE YEARS?
Help with zombie movie name?
Netflix/Hulu Streaming Freezes?
when will the house of night movie be released?
What are these movies called? Have any of you seen them?
Help me identify this movie?
What are some movies I could watch?
Any good funny comedy to watch?
Why do Act/ors/resses voices sound so different in real life nd on different movies?
Why are people saying that Disney will ruin Star Wars?
Scary movies with ghost no classics out of the box?
Who are the most talented actors and actresses in the movie industry today?
What is this movie in this YouTube video?
What movie is this?!? Looks interesting?
Top 25 Favorite Harry Potter characters?
2 questions about Harold Ramis?
Has anybody seen the movie Rudy that can answer these questions?
Titanic Movie Question?
Which will be the best movie winner at the 86th academy awards?
Chinese Movie name, about a young girl have to be prostitute to earning mother operation fee.?
Movies available for digital download? Specifically Frozen 3D?
How is this song called from the movie Project X?
godzilla 2014 monsters ?
have you watch robocop 2014 full movie, is it the same as the first movie?
who is the highest paid actor?
How do you know when it's a \no passes\ movie?
Who would win hand-to-hand combat between Liam Neeson and Jason Statham and why?
lmn movie name please?
is jiraiya alive in the movie Naruto shippuden 3 will of fire?
Spanish movies on Netflix WITHOUT subtitles?
What is your favourite slasher movie?
Can you tell me the name of this movie?
In the movie Fantastic four:rise of the silver surfer, why didn't the silver surfer destroy Galactus earlier ?
i'm 13 and I just got paid 26 bucks but I don't want to waste it all. I'm into movies and skateboarding?
How the Gravity movie was filmed?Did they shoot it in real space or it was a set or effects?
Name the movie where a man shoots his son, an old couple and some other person then realises he didn't have to?
Did Titanic steal Muhammad Ali's phrase \I'm the king of the world!!\?
Trainspotting quote help?
What movie has a guy that has a back tattoo of god on a cross saying rip Isabel? End of movie he kills his bro?
where can I find a picture of marc allan the actor?
Help me find a good movie?:)?
Which was the English Movie(Comedy) in which person's body talks to him ( I think his body's name was slecks)?
Movies that are easy to analyze, can you help?
Can anyone tell me what this movie is?
When will the human centipede III coming out?
How much was Margot Robbie paid in Wolf of Wall Street?
Will there be a premiere for johnny depp's new movie transcendence in london? and if there is what's the date?
Will Disney make Frozen 2?
I'm trying to figure out the name of this movie.?
netflix 30 day free trial?
Any good movie suggestions?
Can't think of the movie... skeleton that won't let go?
Where on the world would be the first zombie-outbreak?
How To Sell DVDs????????
What is this Asian movie called?
Which song is this that was sang in this movie?
Did the kid in Up have Mongolism? It was kinda slow?
How many bollywood movies are made till now?
Where can i get the older version of 'The Great Gatsby'?
Random question- What movies do you like out of this list?
What happened to doctor Gordon?
How can i watch the oscars on my iphone?
who is the guy dancing along with isha kopikkar in khallas song (Company Film) ?
What are the characters of Thor taking about with New York?
What is the moral/meaning of the movie, \Her\?
Are you going to watch the Oscars?
when does season 7 of sons of anarchy start on netflix?
I'm looking for a movie.?
Has this ever happened to you?
What are some father and son movies?
Cant remember movie name! help!?
Movie about chocolate I remember?
Can you tell me who the guy is in my profile picture?
What is that movie where a little boy trys really hard to get into this summer camp?
I need help finding a horror movie!?
Which movie should I watch tonight?
Help me find the film please! :)?
Do you know the name of that 80's movie with a little boy and a beetle car that is alive?
What are the best movies of 2014 so far?
what movie is this from?
A question about \Pirates of the Carrebean, On Stranger Tides\.?
For what was David Niven given the Oscar? Ewww?
How to tell who'll win Oscar?
Im looking for a scary movie?
Why wasn't Wilson nominated for an oscar for his role in Cast Away?
Good fantasy romance movies that have a happy ending?
what was your favorite movies when you were a killed?
Why wasn't Will Graham the protagonist in Silence of the Lambs?
whats this curse about on the movie carrie?
What is this movie?????
What order to watch Lord of the rings and the hobbit?
Does anyone know this movie ?
Resident Evil questions about the movie.?
why did frank kill Eddie in the Rocky Horror Picture Show?
Do you know some movies where we see God the Almighty , Jehovah , Yawhe ? A movie like Bruce Almighty ?
What are your top 10 sci-fi movies of all time?
Fantasy Adventure movie lust.?
What movie is this from?
What is title of 80s serial killer movie where the killers mom made him watch her have sex with other men?
Why did the movie calamity jane not make her look like the real Jane canmary?
how many Chronicles of Riddick are there?
How long do movies generally stay in theatres?
Any good 2006-2014 comedy movies?
Top 10 Greatest Actors?
Should I go see Frozen again tomorrow?
What is the name of the movie where a beach is stormed and everyone is taken captive?
what movie is this?!?
Poll: Create an original Force power from Star Wars?
Name of the movie where a young couple cause things to combust during sex.?
What is the movie about a guy who wants to go to the moon but his genetics don't let him, but he does it ?
Which classic movies would you most like to see remade?
What was in the box?!?!?
What was the name of this movie?
While going through iTunes I watched a trailer about a group of friends going down a haunted road.?
Who is this Kate babe, in the Howard Hughes movie?
What is your favorite movie with Will Smith?
What was the name of the movie?
what are good movies where the rebel girl gets the popular guy?
does anybody know this movie?.?
Is Dustin Hoffman A Good Actor?
What are good horror movies to watch?
Does anyone know what this movie is?
what movie is this please answer?
movies that will make me bawl?
Movies about school crushes on Netflix?
why do foreign films always have a british accents?
is the man from the movie texas chainsaw massacre real?
How did the Betting Odds work in the Hunger Games?
What Film Is This......?
Are there any good talent agents in Washington State that aren't really expensive?
What do you think of the Pixar film \brave\?
How much are adult DVDs worth?
What to wear to movie premier???
What is your favorite Farrelly Brothers movie?
What is the name of the movie in which Sharbani Mukerjee acts as a deaf woman?
Movies about groupies?
Any good theme songs for anime series!?
I need movies that have scenes of people getting stuck in painful situations!?
What are the chances of Roma Downey's religious movie being #1 at the Box Office?
(U.K. only question, please, guys!) What classification is the film \White Chicks\ over here, please, guys?
Please give me a list of korean movies, japanese movies, and chinese movies to watch?
I'm Obsessed with Back To The Future. Help?!?
Great quotes in Movies..I have one...can you better it?
Any songs that have gunshots in it that would be cool.?
Why do I find the Incredibles so hot?
What movie should I watch right now while my lover sleeps?
what are some movies or songs on gender expression and performance?
What is the best animated movie ever made?
what movie/tv show is this gif from?
What movie did this song?
-poll- How should I categorize the double feature described below alphabetically within my dvd collection?
5 Seconds of Summer or The Vamps?
Movie where a Fat guy loses weight for his crush on netflix?
What movie is this?
How many of you think that new Godzilla movie is going to be off the charts?
unknown movie !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!?
When will \The Wind Rises\ come out in Ocala FL's theaters?
What are the chances of this Romey Downey-produced religious movie being#1 at the Box Office?
Do movies get removed from Netflix?
Did you like Wolf of Wall Street?
looking for a movie like 13TH WARRIOR, its about this guy who chashs into earth in medieval times n save them?
Should I Listen To This?
What movie/tv show is this from??? (gif from tumblr)?
Did anyone see the movie Son of God? How was it?
Scott Pilgrim vs. the World. Did I miss anything?
Why has there never been a film about this?
Forgot what the film is called?
What to wear for an advanced movie screening?
I saw a mummy movie that jumps with both the legs and has a yellow paper pasted on its forehead.Pl Name it ?
Does anyone know what movie this is?
What's the name of this song?
do you know the title to this movie?
In the film \All is Lost\ did Robert Redford's character really get rescued?
What is your favorite character out of the Avengers Movieverse so far?
What is the name of the movie where an author is writing a book about his ideal gf whatever he writes happens?
What movie should I watch ?
Does anyone please know the name of this movie ? I will give the story line Highest points for the 1 correct?
What are some really scary films?
What were your thoughts on The Lego Movie?
What are some films that feature a mastermind who doesn't get caught?
Holy crap, I messed up (Windows Movie Maker)?
Which horror movie franchise do you like better Friday The 13th or Halloween?
Looking forward for the Oscars this sunday, what about you guys?
What's your favorite movie trilogy of all time?
hi! can anyone tell me any good movies to watch? I like new movies (2006-2014), any genre...?
i need name of this movie but cant think of it?
Documentaries on teenage murderers?
Netflix is lagging/doesn't sync up?
Need help finding this scary movie?
What are some (or all) horror movies that have to do with with reflections?
Why bollywodd has so many award functions?
What is the name of this movie? Plz answer 10 points :)?
What's the whole story about the fast and furious scandal?
Do you ever read people's opinions about a movie after you watch it?
What is the name of Maggie's father in True Detective? I just want to see a picture of him and can't find it?
Hello! Can you recommend some cool, mindblowing films like \Donnie Darko\ or \Mr. Nobody\?
How do the father - daughter pair sing, Cruising together, in Duets? Isn't that weird?
I need something very British to watch, any good titles?
Does anyone else think Poe when they see Ego?
Will there be a Mortal Instruments: City of Ashes movie?
What kind of movie is angel heart 1987?
Help with this dream!!!! Can I make this into a movie?
movie for kids about slavery and underground railroad?
Where I will be able to watch Oscars 2014 online for free?
I need help with a nickname for my book/movie?
movies similar to 'bride wars'?
movies similar to 'the hangover'?
I need to find two films to compare for an essay!?
what was the name of tv program or movie with Richard Lynch in it?
do you know the name of this movie?
Is \Lone Survivor\ out on redbox yet?
Trying to find this movie?
In the movie Fargo what part of Minnesota was Jerry from?
Why did some women on earth in the movie Avatar wear doll-like masks outdoors?
I can't buy movies from Playstation Store UK . Why?
x-men first class : has anyone noticed it too?
help with story in film script?
who is this pornstar?
Just wondering, why does everyone hate the Star Wars prequels?
Suggest me a movie. 10 points assured.?
Would this make a good movie?(Answer if you have seen Star Wars and know a lot about it)?
What is your favorite The Land Before Time movie?
Can anyone name some good hollywood films that didnt gain fame?
Help with Disney Frozen song - link below?
Have you watched all the 2014 oscar nominated movies?
Best Emotional movies(hollywood) that will make me cry a river? (likeTitanic)?
what obligations do filmmakers have to the original source?
Which movie series is better between Breaking Bad and Arrow?
Trying to find a movie about kid who steals cd and sells them and a group of his friends rob a house find gun?
What's the name of the movie?
What's the name of the movie?
what's your favourite brad pitt movie?
whats with the gravity hype?
Umm...Has anyone read \The Fault in our stars\? When's the movie coming? What's your opinion about it? Hehe :D?
Song in Disney film Frozen?
Does anyone know if Glenn and Maggie form the walking dead will be reunited?
movie where a guy escapes from jail and has to dress up as a girl and goes to an all girl school?
When will the black butler live action movie come out in the USA?
What is the overall message of Sicko ?
PLEASE help me. what is the name of the movie?
Frozen vs Lego Movie?
Scariest Horror movies that you watched of all time?
what is one movie you wish was never made?
Has anyone seen Prisoners Movie where they kidnap Girls I v few questions related with that movie?
Please help me find the name to this new movie or TV show.?
What are some good movies out now (on dvd)?
\Based on a True Story Movies\?
In Gattaca, what do you think the mission to Titan was for?
Motorcyle Diaries Questions!?
Jennifer Lawrence drinking a Budweiser in Silver Linings Playbook?
I forgot the name of a movie. Can you help me?
what movie am i thinking of?
what movie is this? can't seem to remember?
What's the one-word title of the early 1960s movie about a young British communist?
Vegas vacation movie?
Whats that movie???? (a demonic movie) cant rememeber. please help!?
what movie star can i dress up as?
Favorite movie theme or soundtrack?
Dune 1984 vs. Dune mini series.?
Can you please give me some harem dramas?
How is it working at a movie theater?
I WANT TO WATCH SOME FUNNY MOVIE?
What movie is this scene from?
Can someone help me find this movie?
How did they train the fish to act in \Finding Nemo\?
Why did Oscars go to \Platoon\ and \Last Emperor\ but not \Silent Night Deadly Night Part 2\ back in 1987?
What is the name of this movie?
What caused the zombie outbreak in \The Walking Dead?\?
Any kidnap movies similar to The Call (2013)?
Any free on line academy award contests?
What is the name of the movie where.,.?
Has anyone seen 12 years a slave?
Do you enjoy movie watching alot more when its Blu Rays instead of DVDs?
Why is this name so amazing?
Your opinions on Tom Cruise?
What is the piece in the backround?
Rank the best picture nominations from best to worst?
what is this gifset from?
Lately all I do in my spare time is watch Christopher Walken movies. Am I going through a Mid-life Chrisis?
The Simpsons Episode Help?
what is that movie called?
The Simpsons episode help?
Looking for movie title by description?
Why in Iron Man 3 is Stark's suits so weak?
What are the purpose of movie critics? Aren't they pointless most of the time?
What is this horror movie?
What is this \werewolf\ movie?
Please give me some of the best Kathy Bates movies?
How much would it cost to build the house from the movie Practical Magic?
Semi-old Asian Vampire Slayer Romance Movie?
Please! Help me find the name of a Christian movie?
Why is everyone making a big deal about Gravity?
Why don't History channel and others show those great ww11 movies that we love. There is so many of them.?
Are the names Black Widow and Hawkeye used in The Avengers 2012 film?
What 2014 Movie(s) are you excited for?
Can you recognize a 1980's sci-fi/horror movie from a spotty memory of the VHS cover?
Joan of Arc (Film questions)?
The movie Obsessed with Beyonce?
Life like in the movies?
Name of the campy witch movie. 1980's(?) Puritan town. \pretty\ witch wants hunky guy, witch hunt, crone endi?
What is this song called from The Hunger Games?
Why does Michael Oher keep running away from foster homes?
Who was the main villain in the Robocop remake?
What r some sad songs to listen to? Also what r some good sad movies on netflix?
Is there a joker in batman vs superman?
can you watch blue ray movies on a regular dvd, and xbox/ps3?
Another batman movie?
can anybody help me find this one asian movie please?
What's the movie where a Marine is training and trying to put on weight to fight his superior?
What is a catchy headline for a feature article on the movie Blood Diamonds?
In the movie \ Never Let Me Go\, does Carey Mulligan and Andrew Garfield's characters stay together?
Who is one actor or actress who never lived up to the hype?
Can anyone think of a cheesy name for a Star Wars cereal brand?
JAws CHaracter Analysis??? English Help!!?
Searching for a movie title... please help?!?
Does anyone know the name of this movie?
What movie from the 50s ends with a man and woman scientist stranded on a planet that turns out to be Earth?
What were the movie trailers before the Evil Dead (2013) DVD?
Movies where the boy and girl hate eachother at first?
From what movie is this gif?
Which of these are your favorite Movies of the 90's?
is there some type of Romeo and Juliet reference in The Rocky Horror Picture Show?
Name of an old sci fi movie?
What is the short film on the Monsters Inc VHS?
Does anyone else hate Harvey Fierstein's voice?
What is this movie called?
Is the movie butterfly effect scary?
What movie or tv show did a man and a woman fight about putting Tarragon in the dish?
Why is Jack Nicholson considered such a great actor?
movies like august underground?
Michael Jackson: Thriller Vs Ghosts?
What movie is this scene from?
Is there a movie about a dog love story?
good movies to watch?
Help remember title of movie about suicide?
What is the name of this film?
Are the 80s action movies coming back?
In Frozen, why don't Elsa's gloves turn to ice?
Final destination 6 release date??
I need to no ALL the cars n years from the F/F movies :)?
please name this movie?
good movies to watch?
Any Short film ideas?
Who is the strongest and the most invulnerable person with super-powers in movies or shows , not in comics ?
Good girly movies like Dear John&The Last Song?
Which one's better : the hunger games or catching fire?
Has there ever been a funnier, more ambitious parody than \Amazon Women on the Moon\?
who's seen limitless?
who's seen limitless?
What are the effects of cinema on the society?
Movies like Evil Dead 2013 ?
should I watch rosemary's baby and the exorcist?
What would you rate a horror movie on?
Can someone give me a thorough explanation of The Thorn Birds Movie?
Disney pets/best friends?
Where can I watch the 86th Oscars online live from the UK?
Do you think if Renessme and Jacob had their own movie and they got married and had a kid would?
I'm looking for a movie about a social experiment involving human cloning.?
Forbidden Planet Movie Question Pt 2?
can any other studio like paramount other than warner bros/legendary do kaiju films?
Forbidden Planet Movie Question?
WHAT IS THE NAME OF THIS MOVIE?!?
Veronica mars movie release places?
Could somebody help me identify this movie?
What to watch on Netflix?
what did it meant \You will be just fine. Both of you\ in The house of devil 2009 (Movie)?
Can anybody tell me the name of this movie?
Can't find this movie! Probably from the 80's...?
is there any movie like american pie ?
Best 'shaky cam' movie?
In Harry Potter, why do the Soul-Eating Dementors never target Ron?
Looking for movies set on a boat or airplane?
Your thoughts on Shrek 5?(read description)?
Which of these are your favorite Movies of the 2010's (2010-2013)?
What are good movies that has very strong preference.?
Which Movie ads can you see in this Newspaper clip 1974,which of them have you really seen?
Anyone know this Movie I am trying to describe.?
i am having a movie night and i am unsure of what to watch?
what song is played during end credits in the movie \cloudburst\?
i am looking for a movie about running away?
From where to download Friday the 13th Movies ?
is there anyone knows the name of the movie?
two movies im looking for?
Oscars: AIDS and Slavery has got to be a winner surely? lol?
What's your favorite scene in \Dude, Where's My Car\?
What is the most epic superhero movie of all time ?
When discussing movies why do some people mention the actual actress/actor's name instead of the characters?
favorite animation movie ever?
what is the best romantic comedy movie ?
Are Dustin and Philip Seymore Hoffman related?
Hi I am looking for a movie where a kid is place back in time or a tv set?
In regards to the new Star Wars films being planned, what do you think of the idea of Mini Movies?
Can anyone name this disney movie?
is there anyone knows the name of the movie?
Who will win at the Razzies?
Anyone know the name of this movie?
I NEED HELPING FINDING A MOVIE TITLE!!!?
what's this movie????
I think disney we're trying get back on dreamworks?
what is the name of this movie?
which is your favorite movie?
netflix is not working on my tv?
What are some good shows/movies to watch on netflix? :)?
What are some good Teen Movies on netflix?
Movies in which girl saves boy?
What is Percy Jackson \the titans curse\ movie going to be about?
Do you know what this movie is?
My friend is gonna nerd out but I've gotta figure out how she's gonna do it?
What this movie called? (10 Points for Best)?
Great suggestions of movies to watch with my husband??? No I'm not talking about watching porn!!!!?
What movie trailers were shown before human centipede on dvd?
What movie is this? Home invasion/thriller/torture?
why is it that if a movie is psychological it automatically has to be a thriller or drama?
Trying to remember names of these two movies?
Can anyone tell what movie this is from the picture?
The little mermaid remake?
What that Movie Called? (10 Points for Best)?
80s movie about two kids on a killing spree at their high school?
Am i the only one who thinks Pulp Fiction and Reservoir Dogs are really over rated?
what kind of movies do you think people like the best?
what was that movie called?
Want To Watch A Documentary?
please suggest some hindi movie scene where girl says \mein aage padhna chahti hu\ ?
How did the bridge in Thor 2 get fixed?
Do film festivals pay winners?
Profanity/vile words were not apart of the old movies but they portrayed gangsters,gunslingers without ...?
whats the name of this Asian love movie?
Movie/Television shows with a sociopath protagonist?
Is the movie \Hostel\ scary?
Which is a better movie predator or southern comfort?
bully movie does anyone know?
What movie is this from?
What is the name of the movie where the characters lose years of life every time they use magic?
Which movie do you prefer?
Looking for a movie for kids about child abuse?
What game or movie was this from?
Movies to watch that are mostly romantic?
what is the name of this movie?
When does the walking dead come on netflix?
Classic movies with intriguing concepts?
Is There a Way to See Which Movies on Netflix Have Spanish Subtitles?
WHAT MOVIE IS THIS FROM?
Can you re-use the title of an old movie for your screenplay?
Movies filmed at the Beverly Hills Hotel?
any similar scene with Hitler in \Downfall\ but with a woman instead?
does anyone know the name of this movie?
ok i have question bout a zombie movie?
What movie would scare me?
I'm thinking about being a screen writer/director when I grow up. How is this concept?
Is there any action in the movie Seven?
What are your first thoughts on Smurfs 3 (2015)?
What was the name of the mermaid from Jaws?
Looper vs Minority Report vs Surrogates?
When is hush hush the book becoming a movie?
I can't remember this movie!!?
I am making a movie about Anoreixa, what should I call it?
What is the name of the movie where the guy forgets everything each day?
Why are 90% of questions in this section?
What is the name of this movie?
Difference in LILO and stich movies?
Where can I find a good copy of the Paul Naschy film \The Beast and the Magic Sword\?
Where can I watch this Japanese movie?
Epalain me the meaning of story senetence from Sucker Punch?
What is the term which can be used to call this type of film?
Alternate Universe movies?
Something about a prophecy on a stain glass window (movie or tv)?
Anybody Watch The Great Debaters movie?? I NEED help!?
Howl's Moving Castle Questions?
What movie is this picture from?
Any movies like mom at sixteen and cyberbully?
who are the most famous film critics? top ten?
What is the name of this movie?
Writing a film, complete newbie?
Old movie about boy working on coal mine?
what movie is this? it was based on a school shooting?
80s kids movie with guy with 3 legs?
I need help with this, please?
who are the most famous film critics?
Help with movie ray charles?
movies that will make me sick?
what are the philosophical issues/concerns of the movie \SUPER SIZE ME'\?
Naming nuts???????????
How do i audition for the new peter pan movie ?
Title of movie pleaassee?
What horror movie is this?
What are your favourite movies of the 2000s?
did bill ferny feature in peter jacksons fellowship of the ring?
Have you ever watched a film that was just so... heavy?
So who is crowned king in under the dome?
Who's your favorite character out of the six guys in this is the end?
What are some 80's movies that shouldn't be remade?
good movies set in the Antarctica or Snow?
Anyone know what these two movies are?
Is Andy's mom Emily from toy story?
How do they make the sound effects for lasers in movies?
Are movies at cinemas subtitled or dubbed in Bruges, Belgium?
What are your favourite movies ?
Anybody else who thinks that Amon Goeth (played by Ralph Fiennes) is the greatest movie villain ever?
good movies to watch on netflix.?
movies about war veteran or marine coming home?
Movie Maker Keeps on Freezing.?
What do you rate the movie Abduction?
What is your Favorite character that Sacha Baron Cohen has Played?
Can sith/jedi/Darth Vader read minds?
Looking for name of a movie. An older movie. The title is in French. End of movie is weird party/dinner scene.?
Any Batman Fanatics or batman Fandoms want to help me with my homework on The Dark Knight Rises?
Compare the government in Star Wars to ours?
Good films like The Virgin Suicides?
I can't remember this movie?
I am looking for a movie about a prison for kids?
Where can I watch the human centipede?
How can we describe the relationship between Pat and his older brother Jake in Silver Linings Playbook?
What are your Oscar Predictions?
Disney movies these days?
It is easy to become an Actor?
Best Movie editing software?
Which actor plays Gollum in Lord o/t Rings?
where can I find the tattoo which was on the back of luke goss in movie death race2?
Where and when was \The Room\ shot?
What movie is this image from?
Best sci-fi movies of the 2000s in your opinion?
Gonna stay up late and need some really scary film recommendations..?
Why are newer animated movies like Frozen popular among adult people?
What did you think of the movie Before Sunrise?
In the movie my sisters keeper, what treatments did Kate have?
Does Jane seymour die in memories of midnight?
What is your favorite song from Les Miserables?
Why do people think Taxi Driver is the greatest thing since sliced bread?
why does netflix have a free trial but you still have to pay?
I'm searching for a movie please help me?
there was a movie about an elevator which went higher than the roof,in some fantasy world,what was the title?
Name for action short film with children in it?
Cuban Fury 2014 film. Song when they entered the club?
Good Disaster Movies On Netflix 2014?
what GSCEs do you need for film!?
Any movie like the breakfast club or genre on Netflix?!?
Netflix question (10 points)?
Can anybody name this horrific animated child's movie?
I forget what this movie is called have, you seen this movie?
'in the heat of the night'question again sorry?
Can you help me choose a movie for a girls night in?
'in the heat of the night' virgil tibbs?
Any thoughts on Harold Ramis' film career?
What movie/show is this?
Looking for movies similar to Red Dawn and Tomorrow When the War Began, Babylon A.D., Book of Eli?
Do You Want A Lion King Spin-Off Movie Centered Around Simba?
Do you know what movie this scene is from?
What is the title of this movie?
Does anyone else think Brad Pitt is overrated as an actor?
What Do You Write In a Movie Script When the Protagonist Is Speaking In First Person?
Are you excited for the new Godzilla movie?!?!?
does anyone know the name of this move?
I can't remember the movie title but I remember the plot in detail. It's a sci-fi movie. Please help?
Does Hitler play himself in films?
Is Rue a real name?
Is it true that Jack Frost will be in Frozen 2?
what great american film nearly swept the academy awards this week in 1940?
Movie about a girl who kills her friend?
Does anyone know how the plot of the James Bond 007 films are meant to 'pan out'?
Does Anyone Know A Movie In Which Someone Dies In A Hospital?
can any1 suggest a website that has Turkish movies with subtiles?(apart from Viki) Thanx :*?
Looking for English movie name where some frends are in jungle.. Stuck.. One Try to cross bridge & rope Breaks?
Possibly a film/tv episode/tv movie that had an inventor who created a robotic toy (teddy bear?).?
Italian characters - books, films?
star wars dvd set. Does anyone know what this is worth? I can't find anything on it no pics nothing?
Can you name the best Hollywood action movies?
Do I have to see other Need For Speed films to understand the new one? 2014?
suggest some nice chick flicks to watch??
recommend any movies?
what is the movie that starred leonardo decaprio?
any movies like The mistle tones or Rags:the movie?
What are the top 5 worst movie jokes you've ever heard?
How old is the main actor (Spider Man).?
What fabulous secret powers were actually revealed to He-man on the day he held aloft his magic sword and said?
I'm looking for a movie that I watched a long time ago and I dont remember what the title was?
What are your favorite movies?
How to be a critic for rotten tomatoes!?
Is there anyone knows the name of the movie?
Is the lego movie more than a children movie?
I watched this old English movie as a kid and can't remember it's name?
Tel me the name of this movie?
Tel me the name of this movie?
Does Michael Corleone from The Godfather exist?
What makes a really good sci-fi movie??? What vital elements must it contain?
Looking for romantic movies where guy/girl has never been in a relationship and suddenly meets love of life?
Top 10 Animated movies?
why do they kill each other in the movie, Hunger games?
what is the best teen girly movie ever?
Which is a better movie? Schindler's list or The Shawshank redemption?
Need Some Help Finding A Good German/War Type Movie?
guardians of the galaxy?
What is your favorite movie of the 1900's?
What actors/actresses would be great for this story?
wonder if godzilla will fight another monster in the new movie?
Title of early color romantic comedy?
Is it legal to download WWE via torrent ? *5?
What should the title be?
What movie is this? Help!?
Drive the film: How come Ryan Gosslings character didnt have a name? Thus, what is the affect on the audience?
what is the name of the movie?
What is your favorite violent, gorey scene you've ever seen in a film?
I am looking for a certain movie. Already tried IMDB.com and got nowhere.?
Obscure Japanese Horrors?
Is Phantasm III: Lord of the Dead a good horror movie?
Please Help me find this Zombie Film?
What are some REALLY good shows/movies on Netflix right now?
What scenes from the movie \Avatar\ portray a message to the audience?
What's the name of that movie (netflix maybe)?
Have you ever watcher Dead Poets Society?
Is Trailer Park Boys in America?
What are some \good\ romances?
what is the name of this movie?
These two masks of The Purge movie are the same or you can see differences?
There was this movie I had about a year ago and never saw it again and can't remember the title of it?
Who is this person and was she in a movie with paul walker?
Question about the movie \Oldboy\ 2013 version (WARNING: SPOILERS)?
was there a episode or a movie when Pikachu actually talked?
Whats the movie about the girl who escapes from prostitute ring and she dances and goes into dreams?
What is the real meaning of american psycho?
What is the movie called thats similar to the notebook?
Psycho family horror movie help me remember the name PLZ?
Is Mr. Peabody and Sherman a good movie??
Does the movie \ about last night \ show nudity ?
What song in The Hunger Games is this?
what's the name of this movie?
What are some very scary horror movies to watch?
The Wizard of Oz movie theme?
Will Shaadi ke side effects hit 100CR.?
Watching the movie Wreck It Ralph?
Is the new Godzilla movie a Sequel or a Remake/Reboot?
who stood up to Ethan in the movie The Searchers?
American Horror Story?
What movie am I thinking of?
WHAT'S A Leslie Nielsen FILM THAT THE SEEN I SAW APPEAR IN A SCHOOL THEATHER PERSONS WITH CUSTOMES LIKE A?
After the Russel Crow Noah movie wouldn't it be cool to have full length movies of other Bible characters?
find a lifetime movie title?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6xZ_ummpDT8 What was the name of this movie? help me?
Good action movies that you really like?
Do you know the name of this movie?
Does anybody have subtitles for school girl complex (japanese movie)?
DVD copy of the Scarlet Pimpernel?
Movie about Black teenagers in 50s?
Why wasn't Catching Fire nominated for an Oscar?
Have any movie making ideas?
cant find a movie...about a white girl in japan?
American Horror Story question?
Best Movies To Watch When Tripping?
Can You Tell Me What Movie This Is?
Horror movies involving cults?
In American beauty, why didn't Lester take Angela's virginity?
Will the 2015 movies be on DVD?
Is mayonnaise an instrument?
Films that could be remodelled and set in space?
in the movie 13 what does the main character swallow?
Can someone recommend a good romantic comedy movie?
Does Baz Luhrmann accurately portray the mood and image that F. Scott Fitzgerald created in The Great Gastby?
whats the name of this actor?
Old Movie I recall but need the title too?
What movie should i watch?
What are some 80's movies that should be remade?
Film that features marijuana, Hollywood Movie?
Why can I not stop watching a movie?
Horror movies in which no female characters die?
Recomendations for good movies about the mafia?
What movies has make you cry?
what horror movie am i thinking of?
What is the climax of the movie How to Train your Dragon?
I'm sh*t scared of the trinity killer in dexter!?? Help ahah?
Somebody Attacked Me In My Studio Movie?
Dr. Horrible movie help?
how come in star wars, there are no men of color as members of the dark side?
would you use these songs in a movie/vg OST?
what this movie's tittle ?
Is the movie \The Jacket\ scary?
there was a 90s or early 00s movie that had some kind of glowing blue guy and glowing blue cube.what was it?
How was Jack Dawsons drawing conserved in the movie Titanic?
What's your favourite 70s movie?
name of film, scottish schoolboy on estate, ends up violent and killing,?
What is the name of this movie?
Older Film Question! What movie is this?
I watched a film and all I remember was the enemy troops had a weapon that hung people with a rope and noose.?
Do websites like in the movie Suicide Room really exist?
How the hell did Return of the King do so well?
What are some movie clips that show misconceptions about sex?
what's the film where a girl who i think is an emo, gets a job at a tailors and falls for the owner. whos got?
Can you transfer UltraViolet movies?
good movies to watch? at sleepover?
Who is your favourite character from the movie top gun?
Good french movies..?
Can you guys help me find out the name of the very first horror movies I have watched when I was young?
Is it legal to buy movies off of eBay?
Can you explain the symbols of the movie 'Pan's Labyrinth'?
This is a french movie! The movie is about a cop who tries to catch the bandit but when ever they have a fight?
Whats the name of the orchestra music thats played in the beginning of Schindler's list?
Why do people believe that cartoons and movies hold secret messages or images?
What movie is this? Help identifying..?
Movies that will make you cry on Netflix instant ?
anyone knows this movie?
XMEN: First Class Script?
What is the opening credits song in the movie Main hoon na?
Would You Want Disney And Warner Brothers To Make A Mickey Mouse/Bugs Bunny Movie?
How come Westerns aren't popular anymore?
What's the name of these films?
can anyone give a list of action tvseries with female leading role?
3rd graders movie on shrinking??
What type of movies don't make any sense to you?
What is the title of this movie?
Can you name a movie that tackles gender inequality at workplace?
What are some modern times tragedy movies?
do you have to have a license to have freebie music?
WIndows Movie Maker help, how to have movie clips run like one whole movie?
Original ways to die in a horror film?
What are urak-hai in lotr?
Any Ideas For A Short Film That Takes Place In One Room ?
Has 'handheld cam' only been used for horror?
Can DVDs from any region be played on DVD/CD drives?
Question about the movie \G.I.Joe Retaliation\?
really annoying me I need to find this movie!!!?
Why do movies portray Marjorie Kinnan Rawlings as a soft voice attractive woman neither of which were true?
A Crime investigation film?
Who is this woman at 55 seconds in?? http://youtu.be/moF4uhM1d3E?t=55s?
Which Harold ramis movie is this line from'\what are you doing this weekend?\?
Why no team america 2?
I need help with some questions about the film Wall-e?
Did they take the ports out of Neo in the first Matrix?
The name of a movie with a girl who thinks that her father murdered her best friend when they were little?
Good short films ideas?
What movie is this picture from?
cant understand the part how ryan stone manage to navigate towards tiagong in \GRAVITY MOVIE\?
is there a movie about this whole story?
Do you know of any good movies or documentaries?
Is it true leanord nimoy started a cult of star trek fans heelbent on destroying skywalker ranch?
Some sort of a psycholoical movie/tv series/anime?
I can't figure out what movie this is. Help?
Any teen girl movies not on this long movie list?
Star Wars, we are led to believe that Stormtroopers originate from the remnants of the trade federations clone?
What is the message of the Movie \Jose Rizal\? What does it like to convey to the audience?
Is the movie \Brokedown Palace\ based on a true story?
some good horror movies for sleepovers, with jumpscares?
When did \screen play\ become \screenplay\?
I need notes for the movie \Cinderella Man\?
In what movie does someone say \who am i\ in an African accent?
Hustle and Flow 2005 film?
What movie is this from>??? please tell me thank you1!!!!!?
what messages about power and privilege are communicated in wolf on wall street?
Dee Wallace overrated or Underrated?
Do you think the government has already created a \lightsaber\ but keep it classified?
Teenage romance films where the lovers hate each other?
Do you think Luke Skywalker ever thought about boning Leia? Before she was revealed as his sister?
Did the 1938 western movie \Terror in Tiny Town\ win an Academy Award for best film short?
What are some really popular movies that you just didn't care for?
Trying to find name of this movie?
Does any one know what movie this is?
I want to sell my movie idea but don't want to write a script?
How do I become a drug lord like Tony Montana?
who is ultron in avengers 2?
Thinking of another movie name can't think of?
Are you a Blockbuster or Netflix person? Why?
I;m loking fo a scvenger hunt-type movie. Idon't know the name of it, but i know it isn't scavenger Hunt or M?
Do all blu ray movies have the same picture quality?
how much does Netflix cost each month?
RIP Harlod Ramis. I think he was a great writer, director & actor. Would you agree?
What are some Really good movies?
Where to watch starting over again full movie online?
How can I watch a popular movie in spanish with english subtitles or vice versa ?
Can someone name this weird horror movie?
The forgotten war movie?
What is the minimum rating required for a movie to be classified as \Fresh\ on \Rotten Tomatoes\?
Can someone name this movie/Father and step daughter kill mother.?
Can anyone name this movie??
name a movie plot below?
What is that movie called where a man kidnaps a girl & become infatuated with her but she doesnt feel the same?
Are the \humans\ in Star Wars considered aliens since they aren't descendants of planet Earth?
Why does Jason Statham always play the same character?
Someone please explain the Bee Movie to me?
Writing a Spec Script. I'm Confused!?
What is this movie name?
Was George Lucas on some sort of psychedelic drug when he created the Star Wars saga?
favorite harold ramis movie?
Movie Music Help Please?
Writing program. I don't understand the guidelines?
im trying to find the name of a world war two movie where a man rescues some nuns and orphans from the japanes?
Can you recommend me some good sci-fi movies?
These thoughts have been bothering me!?
What kind of glow stick do they drop down the crater in the movie journey to the center of the earth?
Rank these five directors?
Movie about a girl who joins a rebellion?
What is the movie called!!!??
What movie should I watch?
Any amazing under/above water film?
does Target or KMart still have any Twilight movies left, please?
Movie question:LINK PLEAAASE?
Do you like 3D Movies?
How much do movies spend on individual costumes?
Which movie opening is creepier to you?
How does someone's identity shape someone? Perferby use the movie \The Power of One\ (1992)?
What are good websites to watch full movies without having to sign up or download anything?
Any good movies to watch?
What needs to happen in order for there to be a sequel done for a movie made 20 years ago?
What's this Australian film called?
What is a good movie to watch while high?
What movie is this? old movie with old time setting?
Documentary help please?
what are some symbolism of the movie Pillow Talk?
Is there a town like Bomont, GA from the movie Footloose?
What do you think happened to Andy's dad in Toy Story?
was bleach ever made into a live action movie?
Why do movie ticket prices vary by region?
I am looking for a movie very similar to road trip!?
What horror movie has a virtual haunted house that comes to life and attacks the people?
DOES ANYBODY KNOW WHAT THIS MOVIE IS CALLED?
What are some good movies about young love?
When was the movie \Think Like A Man\ officially released in theaters?
Movie recommendations about Russian mafia?
Is maleficent a queen?
iron man 3 and avengers linked? what?
Help finding movie!!!?
what's this film called?
Is there a way to watch free movies?
What is the name of that film?
Is there any way I can watch something on Netflix \off-the-air\?
Is Forest Thor a good name for a book.?
What is this Australian Movie called?
Will The Maze Runner movie be good?
what is a good movie for this?
What are your favorite River Phoenix movies?
Catchy headline for a movie review on The Truman Show?
I need a good catchy title for The Truman Show Movie Review?
Perks Of Being A Wallfower quote meaning?
aborted babies movie??
Character synopsis of Loki?
Need a new show/movie to watch!?
Doubts related to Zodiac(2007) movie. Can Anyone help me out?
Who are some of your favorite Actors?
what is this alien movie called?
in what part of the first lord of the rings movie does boromir speak his famous line?
Fantastic Four Casting: The Wutang Torch?
Alternate ending to movie?
Can someone give me a short psychoanalysis of the movie Pan's Labyrinth?
Who are your top ten disney villains?
Help with the name of a movie?
Video editing, After effect, Movies?
What is your favorite Harold Ramis film?
Netflix. or. hulu. .....?
Do you know some movie about demon/ bad guy/ muderer falls in love with innocent girl? Or kidnap, stalking her?
in \the bellboy\ who plays \bob the bell captain\?
is the edited version of Basic Instinct?
What's the name of this movie?
What film is this?????
can you recommend some good movies please?
Can you help me identify this film?
what are the best horror movies?
***********Where can I find the movie Zero Day?*************?
How can I be a filmmaker ?
Why does Netflix keep stopping andre-loading?
What movies are good to watch to learn Cinematography?
anyone know what's movie name, where the girl with green costume/catsuit absorb guy by kissing him?
Going to the movies tomorrow, what should I see?
i watched this movie but cant remember the name?
If you could cast a movie for Shakespeare's Othello, who would you make as the characters?
Doctor Who? 3 Favorite Doctors? Who are your 3 favorite doctors?
Did Pixar Deserve the Rotten on Cars 2?
Where can I watch the full movie: Imitation of Life (1959)?
do u know the name of this horror movie?
what do you think about the movie TRUE LIES?
Wouldnt it be cool if there was a movie about the expressionless woman?
Any film ideas please?
What is your view of the movie \Monuments Men\?
How do people get good copies?
What's up with Paul Allen in American Psycho (2000)?
Need help finding title of movie (Monster covered in barbeque sauce)?
Why don't they make an xmen movie with MJJ or franklin richards?
I'm Not sure what the film is called, but I know It's based off a book, and been trying to remember the name?
Do you think that Boris the Animal from Men In Black 3 was evil?
What movie is this scene from?
What movies are the song Mr. sandman in?
The Movie \First Position\? (10 points)?
Do you think \Halloween \ (1978), is the best slasher film ever?
What movie do I remember?
movie with a unemotional man and fighter but eventually falls in love?
Good found footage style or psychological horror films?
86th Academy Awards nominees 2014 ?
Is it true that they're making 2 more Hunger Games sequels?
Which film begins with a car driving along an italian coast to the music \caruso\?
Into the wild: Why do some people say Chric Mccandless didn't die from poison?
What children's movie am I thinking of?
What can foreign filmmakers do to increase the demand for their movies in the United States?
Which Pet Cemetery movie do you prefer part one or two?
Anyone knows the name of the movie where a coloured child says \They never came back to me\?
How can I find out what movie trailers were playing in theaters around a certain date?
What are some recent teen romantic movies?
What movie did Phillip Seymour Hoffman use a male prostitute, who was wearing a red kimono?
Movies that use many flashbacks but aren't primarily about the flashback?
is let her go by passenger in the new Lego movie? or in any movie?
Can someone answer this with 5 paragraphs. From the movie The Crucible?
What is this movie!!?
How can I get a job at IMDb?
will there going to be another american pie spin-off?
Something in this movie freaked me out?
What is the song in despicable me 2?
What's the name of this football movie?
Movies like the social network?
Help with movie title?
What are the semiotics in The Blind Side movie?
Is there any connection with Adrienne Barbeau's charecter Stevie Wayne in J.Carpenters,The Fog & Stevie Nicks?
What horror movie is this (cannibalism, murder, captivity, kidnapping, rape)?
Workaholics DVD release question??
How come my Blu-ray and DVD movies files not able to playback on my iPad?
where the hollywood movies dubbed in hindi, in hollywood or in india?
I'm trying to remember a film...?
I wonder the things I need to Know if plan to clone a DVD?
In the movie deadline, if Lucy isn't real, then where did the necklace come from?
what are some good movies which strain you to understand the plot?
What is the name of a children's animated movies about bats?
In the movie rush (2013)?
Good movies with detailed graphicness?
whats the name of the horror christmas movie with the girl with black eyes?
What is this movie??
What is the name of this pornstar?
What Are Some Good Movies About Dying?
whats that movie where the man is set up by the drug dealer?
How do people make movies off books when the writers are dead and who makes the money off of them?
What is the bad cartoon called that had episodes on netflix there was a pig, a black pussy cat doll..?
the shining questions?
Last question tonight: What are some good films in which the parents are creepy/villainous?
Movie about a bunch of teenagers doing a school shooting?
What are some other movies like The hunger games?
What's the name of this movie..?
Can someone recommend an upbeat adventure-comedy film?
does anyone know some -woman getting revenge on men- type of films?
Does anyone know this song in the movie 'Driven'?
What are some movies with amazing original scores?
i need a movie that shows womens roles at home in ww2?
Is Endless Love 2014 a good movie?
Looking for a specific genre of Asian Martial Art Movies?
Whats are some movies about single fathers raising kids ?
Trying to export a movie from final cut pro and 'missing two clips\ how do i find them?
movies like disturbia and step father?
Has the song \Misery Chain\ from the movie 12 years a Slave, been nominated for any awards?
what is the name of the 90s movie with jim belushi and a curly hair girl?
Ultimate Horror Movies?
More TV shows like The Walton's and Little House on the Prairie?
Could you suggest a film (or series) of which its sequel(s) are better than the first?
What is the name of this movie?
Should I see American History X?
You're a Director/Screenwriter. Who is your dream cast, and what is the genre?
In what supernatural episode does cas loose his virginity?
Looking for good Asian Kung Fu movies/series?
where can i buy the Disney movie Right on Track?
Can somebody tell me what movie this is?
Hi, anyone know where can I find a vintage comedy movie \Sport lottery\?
what was that money storage box call from daredevil scene?
I have a question about a movie?
Do you think the wolf of wall street will win the Oscar for best picture next Sunday?
What was this movie, Help me please!!?
Is there a real life Rupert Pupkin?
On the \40-year old Virgin\ why did Trish say to Andy?
I just got ghost story aka circle of fear DVD set and the discs are purple is this a bootleg set?
what are some good shows on netflix like chuck and arrow?
jmmy stewart movie la channel5.2, feb22,2014?
I need help with the title of this old movie...?
Movie from late 80s early 90s about a kid(boy) that goes to another world with big creatures that help him.?
What's the name of a movie filmed on a subway station?
Any suggestions on a good alternate ending for the movie My Fair Lady?
Where can i watch the anime film Ocean waves online in english dubbed PLEASE I NEED A LINk?
Did Tony Montana from Scarface have sex with Elvira?
What is the feeling you of happiness you get after a good movie/book called?
Which movies look especially beautiful in HD?
What is the name of this movie?
Top 10 Werewolf movies?
What movie is Abed quoting in this clip?
where can i watch paranormal activity: the marked ones online freely?
Which Marvel movie should I watch next?
What is the primary format on a DVD.?
Who do you say the 5 main characters of Catching Fire were?
word for the walking dead?
word for the walking dead?
What are good horror movies 1990-2013? Read below.?
need help with name of movie?
Is \Jobs\ a good movie?
Anyone know the name of this movie?
Why are there subtitles on my DVD?
Need help finding a movie?
Would this movie be popular?
I want to make a film in which our hero dies in begining ...?
who knows the name of song in record shop scene of movie hairspray with lyrics holla billy goat? and artist?
Hotel Rwanda movie questions?
Remember the Titans - How was racism overcome?
Where can I watch the movie Frozen in Swedish?
Want reviews of All Is Lost?
who will the bad guy be in transformers 4 because megatron is dead and i would like to know?
Name of renaissance movie?
In Natural Born Killers what was the significance of the \footage\ at the end?
During what time does the movie treasure planet take place?
What is the movie with a boy?
argo or act of valor?
What movie is this, please help?
What is the name of the Movie (or TV show), where the characters can't stop touching the fuzzy door.?
Does anyone know the name of this spanish movie?
What's the movie where people live in Will Smith (I Think)?
Do you think alot of actors became famous in Fast and the Furious of a story stolen form Kathryn Bigelow's?
Why Does the Film 'Happy Feet' Make Me Sad?
Netflix uk hasn't got Burn notice?!?
What is this Disney/Family movie called?
scarlet letter why was it bad to have a bathtub?
What Is A Movie Like Breakout (2013)?
Movie about elixir of life?
Movie about elixir of life?
Eliza in 12 years a slave?
Is Henry The Portrait Of A Serial Killer (1986) any good?
Can someone explain the intouchables ending please?
Kate and Leopold: Clock at the end reads 12:15?
What is this Movie please?
Does anyone know the movie this scene is from?
what is the film where...?
Good (horror) films about dinosaurs or large creatures?
What Would Happen if Someone Got 28 Days Confused With 28 Days Later?
What topics should I consider for filming, writing and editing a short film?
Is the movie \Head\ from 1968 available anywhere?
Can a minor check out a R rated movie from the library?
What's wrong with people and their taste in movies?
how does one watch a dvd, find a scene, put it on pause and make a copy of that picture?
I need Help finding a movie I watched years ago...?
why can't actors tell spoilers about the movies that they direct and/or write and/or star in?
At the end of Gone with the Wind, do you feel sorry for Scarlet O'Hara?
What's the name of the movie about this family and where some guy takes over there base to rob banks?
Is it legal to watch Salo o le 120 giornate di Sadoma in the US?
Does anyone know this film?
What are some dares in the movie would you rather?
Is it illegal to re-create TV shows or movie scenes?
What is your all-time favorite movie?
A movie about white gorillas and diamonds?
Any movies similar to Free Willy, and Dolphin Tale? Oh, and good horse movies too?
Does anyone know any movie sites that don't require flash player.?
good stuff to watch on Netflix?
MOVIE BUFFS HELP!!! So I think this film could have been an late 80s. I think it was about these teens that...?
What's a movie scene which defines or expresses some sense of Beauty? or what it means? or what is beautiful?
Is the casting couch a rumor or reality? (Do you have to have sex to get a role in a movie)?
Is the film The Call based on the serial killer Ed Gien?
Why are we Black-ifying so many characters for movies?
You do know movies and TV shows are all fake right?
movies like THE TO DO LIST?
what are the best movies off all time?
Is it True that in 2014 or 2015, Someone is Making a Jeff the Killer Movie??
Good movies with really hot actors?!?
What's some good zombie films/games?
where can i watch this movie?
Where can I buy DVDs for the cheapest?
What Movie to watch now?
What is the most realistic action movie ever?
Some good fantasy movies?
Will Leonardo DiCaprio win an Oscar this year?
What kind of gun does Neil Perry use to shoot himself in the movie Dead Poets Society?
Should More Classic Disney Movies (Via Alice 2010 OZ 2013 And Maleficent 2014 Should Have More Reboots?
I'm filling out an application form for a film festival..need some help here?
Can You give me Movies Names? :)?
HAS ANYONE SEEN THE MOVIE DARK FEED?
How can I get peoplpe to vote for a video in a film contest?
Could somebody tell me the name of this movie?
what is the title of this movie?
Is there a puke scene in Stuck in Love?
I need actors for my Minecraft (pc) movie (uploading to youtube)?
Whats that movie where all these kids go to summer camp?
I am looking for a movie but forgot the title?
I need actors for my Minecraft (pc) movie (uploading to youtube)?
I need actors for my Minecraft (pc) movie (uploading to youtube)?
What are the Keys to getting the Best Movie Rating (7.5-10 Stars)?
Which movie are you more excited for - Batman vs Superman or The Avengers 2?
I need actors for my Minecraft (pc) movie.?
What to watch Animal Movies?
Should they remake Rocky Horror Picture Show?
What is the whole plot of the movie Snake Island?
Is there cute movie maker?
Movie Review on the Green Mile?
I'm in love with Queen Elsa from frozen... Help?
movies like The Matrix?
What movies has the song radioactive by imagine dragons been played in?
What movie should I watch right now?
What are some good suggestions for movies that address social issues?
Was Darth Palpatine a Satanist?
Am I the only one who feels this way?
Is RoboCop 2014 an Action film?
Movies with a unusual sets and designs to them. (Surrealist, Expressionistic, Unrealistic?
I dont remember the movie title if a zombie movie i watched, and i really wanna watch it.?
Is it time to accept that Star Wars is inferior to Lord of the Rings?
good horror movies with lots of sex scenes?
What is the movie called with the rc helicopter?
Any movies about an actress/actor or singer whose career slowly begins to fail?
Are there any easy movies to find like lord of the rings, star wars, or harry potter for teenagers or adults?
Need help finding a movie?
Old black and white comedy where a man has an angel and a devil appear on his shoulders?
Is the japanese movie 'the liar and his lover' out yet? and where can i watch it?
Do you follow what the Critics say a lot? Or...?
Anyone know a show, movie, scene, clip that makes a statement on beauty? what it means? (or provokes thought)?
What's the name of the comedy movie where husband and wife try to kill each other?
Why can't people just like both Star Wars and Star Trek?
Movies like Death Proof and House of 1000 Corpses?
Is the Die Hard movie collection worth watching?
Trying to find a movie title From a scene. I think the movie starts this way as well *1st scene.?
A good movie about college?
Can you give me movies names?
How is Netflix.........?
My ears are ringing from a massive headcold, should I go to a movie theater today?
What is your favorite kind of movie?
what is the name of this movie?
Where can I find this 80's or 90's movies?
Which version of this DVD should i buy?
Anyone knows what movie this is?
From what movie is this picture ?
Where can I find the movie Hafez (2007) ?
Good Romantic Movies?
Who is this picture for? And from what movie ?
What Movie or Show is This From?
How to get hollywood new movie released updates?
What will win best picture at 2014 Oscars?
WHAT MOVIE IS THIS???
WHAT MOVIE IS THIS???
Why doesn't disney have a disabled princess.?
Good michael myers movie for a first?
What's your top 5 favorite movie genres and your least favorite?
What is your favourite film?
What are Top 10 movies you don't like, but most other people loves?
need new netflix t.v shows?
Are they making sequel of karate kid 2?
What is the name of this horror film?
Do intellectuals watch movie?
Josh Hutcherson Journey 2 . the mysterious island?
what is the name of this horror movie?
Similar Movies? Can Anyone Help?
Must watch Telugu movies?
What's the name of this movie?
What is the name of this movie?
Are HBO Cinemax and Showtime owned by the same company each network seems to show the same movies?
What are good movies on Netflix?
What's the name of this movie?
What is the name of this movie?
What is a good movie that has a rainy scene?
Help finding this irish film?
is there going to be a percy jackson 3 the titan's curse movie?
What movie is this ????
May I please have some feedback/criticism on my short film script I'm working on please?
What films are similar to Woman In Black?
please help // can't remember the film name?
What's the old movie where armor comes to life?
How man hulk movies are there?
Why does Theo visit his cousin Nigel in the film Children of Men?
which 1990's movie did the phrase \Every dog has its day\?
Movies about homeless/abused children?
Which order do I watch Star Wars?
Good romance films about two people who compete/hate each other but ended up falling in love? (5 Stars)?
Movies whare teenagers fall in love?
I'm struggling to name this film...?
Are any of these Movies worth watching?
What is the name of the music when Columbus id playing computer games in Zombieland?
top thriller detective horror movies till 2014 - , prisoners 2013, 88 minutes, taken,?
Ok I watched a movie when i was a kid... Do you know the movie?
why do good movies never win oscars?
What are some R-Rated romance movies to watch?
how blu ray piracy is done? this question is asked for doubt purpose only i am not encouraging piracy in.....?
any horror films simalour to chucky out?
Can you identify this movie for me?
which would be better to purchase samsung galaxy, 10. 1 inch( 2014 edition) or 12.2 inch(2014 edition)?
Do you think 12 years a slave is a masterpiece?
which is the best gadget to purchase for Rs 50,000? Samsung galaxy 10.1 inch, 2014 edition, 4 G LTE enabled?
puppet horror movies?
Amazon prime instant? Do the videos on Amazon Prime instant have subtitles on them?
What year was the \destination\ date that Marty Mcfly went to the future?
What is the title of the movie in which Matt Smith kissed a man?
What movie is this from?
Movie of a girl with Cancer and she wore this breathing tube thing.?
list movies where the friend helps the girl/guy get someone but falls in love with the friend themselves?
How can anybody like what does the fox say?
What make of ute is Mick Taylor's in wolf creek?
what is a well known line by bogart in movie In a Lonely Place about how long love lasts?
What is the name of a 90's/00's movie about two kids falling in love? (Not 'My Girl')?
how piracy attack on movies, eventhough producers take more care?
what are some really good detective movies?
Someone help me, remember this movie name ?
When will naruto movie 7 go out?
My email used for adult films?
Long lost train movie?
Question on the movie 'The Secret LIfe of Walter Mitty', can you help please?
FREE NETFLIX ACCOUNT 2014 ?
Will Fili and Kili die in the next and final Hobbit movie?
can't remember this movie's title?
Michael myers movie question?
was gravity the worst movie you ever seen?
What's the significance of the vibrating house in se7en?
The Last Airbender??
What was this movie called?
can someone please explain the lifetime movie Status: Unknown to me?
Is monsters Inc based on a true story?
what was the movie in the 80's were all the machines come alive and kill people?
Movie Status: Unknown Lifetime Summery?
I need the name of this movie?
Please help me with a list of movies dealing with the theme of investigation about missing persons?
How is Uncle Owen related to Luke?
is there a kissing scene in highway?
Drama movies with Romance?
What is the movie called where the guy buys a huge sized condom and the mom tells the women and they want him?
What's this guys name?
Can you rate the scary movies from worst to best?
Can someone please suggest some Psychological Thriller Movies?
How to record short film with one camera?
What are some popular war movies that depict Canadian soldiers?
Anyone know the name of this movie from the 90s or 2000s?
In Catching Fire (Film) Does Katniss,Peeta,Finnkick die? If not all,who dies?
About 12 years a slave the movie?
In Riddick, what did the older man (John) want to know from Riddick, and can you please explain the ending?
Old movie about a rabbit?
What is the movie where a guy comes to and island in need of a kid and wis guy on't leave until he gets one.?
Good romantic movies for teen girls on netflix?
Any good bad boy good girl movies on Netflix?
do people sometimes actually have sex during movie sex scenes?
I NEED TO KNOW THE NAME OF THIS MOVIE!!! Please help.?
What movie is this? ...?
What makes 'book to movies' like Harry Potter, Twilight, and The Hunger Games so popular?
Name of this cartoon network movie?
Can You Help Me Find A Good Romantic Film Please?
Back from the dead brokawski LEGO movie???
Status: Unknown new lifetime movie, who watched it? Whats the ending twist?
Romantic movies to watch:?
What was the currency in the move the aristocats?
Looking for a good movie to watch...?
Anyone seen Kill Your Darlings (2013)?
Why does Edwards family leave town in New Moon?
Older Movie, Dont know the Title?
Can you suggest any brother/sister relationship based plots in any movies?
What movie was this from?
What is sexual content really?
perfect porn movie?!??!?
Where can I find a list of ALL locations showing \The Wind Rises\. I do not want to provide a zip code.?
when was Acacia Brinley born?
What is a character on Toy Story actually saying when he says, \Howdy ba boudit!\ or something like that?
I am taking a film class and need an example of orientation in the film Blade Runner (1982).?
Why is Riggs from Lethal Weapon 4 such a bad fighter compared to the other movies?
Where can i see \A Long Way Down\?
In my opinion, there will never be a greatest movie ever made. Does anyone else agree with me?
What is the name of that famous Strings fanfare that plays whenever someone falls in love?
Is there a part in toy story where Woody is repeatedly yelling \No\?
What is Netflix? Is it a TV show or a movie?
What movie is this from?
Help a girl out with finding the perfect scary movie for a slumber party?
Why in Tangled, did Mother Gothel tell Rapunzel her real birthday?
Whats the title of the spy movie where the main character has become exactly like the terrorist to infiltrate-?
dose anyone know what movie im talking about?
what's the name of the movie?
Am I the only one who doesn't like Martin Scorsese?
What is the name of this movie?
demi moore &michael douglas sex scene full film?
A few questions for movie lovers?
How do you convert old VHS home movies into a DVD?
Janitor in abandoned high school who teaches math to some kids?
What are the most disturbing movies you've ever seen?
French movie about runaway siblings?
Where can I find a picture of robot cop in the beach?
Any movies like this..?
Name of an English Film?
In need for good horror/thriller movies?
Anime movie with a romance and action storyline?
A good romance movie like the movie like crazy beautiful hurry really bored. Thank you?
Meaning of the title, 'Blue is the Warmest Color'?
Any good horror movies?
Looking for some movies...?
You know the name of this movie?
when is sherlock season3 coming to dvd?
?Movie recommendation?
Asian films about vampires?
Whats the name of this movie?
What are the Russian guards in \Despicable Me 2\ saying?
Movie Descrption Assistance?
In the movie Phantom of the Opera, was Christine in love with the phantom?
Did you find Harry Potter the character is annoying?
Teen vampire romance movies other than twilight?
Do films shape or reflect our lives?
what's the name of this movie?
What are some of the dominant messages in Twilight?
What if there was a movie involving Demons battling against Aliens?
Which movie of these two should I watch?
Where can I watch documentaries for free onlin?
What film do you think deserves the Oscar for best picture?
Does anyone know this movie?
Song from yours mine and ours?
Good teen movies to watch?
Escape Plan ending - Rottmayer?
Can any other superfans think of any other significant impacts Quentin Tarantino made on cinema?
What makes the movie Identity Thief unrated?
What is the main conflict in \Minority Report\?
Black Hawk Down movie.?
I am looking for a video clip: A couple is fighting with each other and we see the results of their choices...?
I'm looking for a sad movie, to make me cry...Really cry.?
What song does Liesel Meminger sing in the movie version of The Book Thief?
Name of this movie please! House, snow, horror?
Could someone please explain the ending of the film, \Murder on the Oriente Express\?
British Empire films?
Question About The.Movie \ Silver Linings Playbook\?
WWII war movie or tv show or something else?
Are there any movies exclusively for Black widow & Hawkeye?
Whats the name of this old comedy movie? Been baffled for days?
In the movie Jurassic Park, why goes Alan Grant throw away his raptor claw when up in the tree with the kids?
what's this movie???
How to understand english movies without subtitles?
Any good action/adventure movies with a bit of romance in it?
Michael Myers VS Jason Voorhees?
What are some common reasons why people dislike or don't care much for The Godfather III?
Did Palpatine lie to Anakin?
Is the new robocop any good i love the 1987 film so i cant see how this will be better?
Looking for this movie and it's similar to \Stay Alive\?
Help finding a movie name?
What´s best after your opinion? Star Wars or Star trek?
Which disney movie was this??? I only remember certain parts.?
Question: Where is the movie THE FREEMASON playing?
Do you consider the Movie Cabaret from 1972 a Genre-breaker or a genre-bender?
What happens in the climax of war of the worlds?
Need help with streaming movies to my website legally?
What is this movie called?
Which is your favorite movie? Croods or Frozen?
can someone help me with my movie/tv series pick for my taste?
what does 'I am burdened with glorious purpose' mean?
what is this this movie called? (possibly a Hayao Miyazaki film)?
i tunes movies to normal dvds?
What are some good modern thriller/horror movies?
where can i watch spartacus blood and sand on ipad?
Would MGM Make A Wizard Of Oz Remake If So Yes Or No?
Dawn of the dead 2004 DVD Extras?
What do you think are the saddest moments in film?
What is Movie Box from cydia?
In the film East is East, why is it more Indian than Pakistani?
Can't remember which movie this is?
Has anyone seen After the Dark?
What robbery movie is this? the biggest robbery in history (true story)?
Any really good, but pretty short chase scenes from movies, programs or video games?
Will the Noah movie have a premiere?
What show is this on Netflix?
In which movie father kills his wife and child in the end, in some kind of ritual, but he didn't know.?
What were the \recent\ fairytale movies?
What music genre is \Zombie\ by Cranberries?
Is frozen one of the best disney films ever produced?
How do you get a gif file to play in Movie Maker?
Is Gal Gadot the perfect Wonder Woman in Batman vs. Superman?
I'm trying to find the name of an old action serial film?
What is the movie called..?
Which is better the devil inside or sinister?
How do they do the Whipping scene in 12 years a slave?
Lifetime movie when the old man who is a neighbor becomes obsessed with the little girl and kidnaps?
what are some really scary movies?
What does it mean if a girl wants to watch a \romance\ movie w/u?
Is the movie 'wild hogs' good?
Boom mic or audio recorder?
Where can I buy DVDs or Blurays with many languages?
I wish to make a film.......?
Horror film about poor people being given money to do bad things?
Romanian viking movie with potion to give invincibility?!?!?!?!?!?? 10 points?
Please tell me the name of this film!?
Is the movie Wolf of Wall Street actually about a real wolf?
does anyone know any really good interesting movies?
Do you know about upcoming horror movies?
What Movie Should I Play on My 16th?
Good Post Apocalyptic Films or TV Series?
Isn't the titanic the saddest movie ever?
Movies with female main villain?
what are some good horror movies i can just search into youtube?
Who is this actor? Or what is the movie?
Do you agree with me that Cain from Robocop 2 was extremely evil?
I want a really scary movie?
Gay themed movies?????
The ending in the hunger games catching fire?
Any comedy movies about man and women behaviour?
Can anyone think of any films which use silence for dramatic effect?
Movie where whole town protects boy? (Werewolf movie)?
What movie is this, Apocalyptic world / Aftermath movie.?
any good movies with adam sandler?
Does any body know any good movies?
what is this comedy movie about 4 american women in dubai?
Looking for this odd horror movie, but I can't remember the title?
What happened to \Samantha\ on the movie \Her\?
Suggest me a good movie to watch?
I need sad movies, particularly anime?
i don't understand fast and the furious movies?
Why would you want to go to the city of Panem in the Hunger Games movie?
Why is Pirates (Adult Version) rated so high on IMBD?
What Is the name of this movie?
Do they have cameras inside of the buena park movie theater ? ?
Movie where at the end a woman is carrying a large painting and crossing the street with it?
what is this old disney movie called? (from around early 2000's)?
what was alonzo and roger drinking in the movie training day?
who sang come into my parlor said the spider to the fly poem in the horror movie?
Adventure/fantasy movies/tv shows?
movie about a guy who falls in love with his computer?
Does anyone know what movie this is?
Movie Making: Shot by Arrow?
What was the movie where the guy was bored with his wife (Heather) then banged the blonde chick?
What does it mean in insidious chapter 2 when josh pulls his tooth out and says its happening again?
Why does everyone have white sheets in movies and shows!?
Why Did uncle Ben say \With great power, comes great responsibility\?
what were your opinions of the amazing spiderman movie from a few years ago?
windows movie maker sound not working?
Can someone suggest me a hilarious plot for a 5-15 minutes short film ?
What are the beginning steps towards turning a story into a movie?
Compare movies from 1920s to now?
What eye and what civilization are the characters in the emperors new grove?
Is Phantasm 2 a good horror movie?
netflix updates for new shows?
Movie/Show where the guy gets his forehead cut and bleeds- covering his face?
Movie/Show where the guy gets his forehead cut and bleeds- covering his face?
Guess the movie quote ! No cheating?
Is the guy who acted as Pippin in LOTR, acting a Erica, in Being Erica?
When will the movie Divergent come out on DVD?
How old do you have to be to buy a DVD rated MA?
Movies about suicide, mental illness and/or slelf harm?
Can i watch ABNKKBSNPLAko full movie online?
what movie is this from?
What are good movies to watch?
What's the name of this film?
What movie should I go see with a girl tomorrow?
What do you think about the movie 47 ronin?
What's the movie where?
Question about the movie \What About Bob?\?
Mad Max a film about an angry man named Max?
What should I watch on Netflix?
what movie is this song from?
sy-fi movie help? Two lovers? Pendant? Two different worlds? HELP PLEASE!!!!?
Good NEW romantic comedies?
Humphrey Bogart or Marlon Brando?
What are some movie or television clips showing when a risk is worth taking in real life?
Has anyone seen \Pompeii\ or \3 Days to Kill\ were they good?
Name of cheesy horror movie.?
Scarface or The Godfather?
How can i get Netflix for free ?
How does Darth Sidious take control of the Trade Federation in Star Wars?
Theres a method to get netflix for free ?
Looking for scary movies/ do you know what this movie is?
What is this movie called?
Favorite Disney movie?
What movie has the best portrayal of disposing of a dead body?
What is this movie line from?
What is name of this movie ?
You know the name of this movie?
Someone Please help me figure out this movie!!!!!!!!!!!!!?
George Clooney or Marlon Brando?
Should I watch Inception or Shutter Island?
MOVIE NAME , Missing sister?
Suggest movies like what I saw this month?
What is the title of this movie?!?
List of Scary Movie Movies?
Does anyone know the name of this movie?
Good rom coms for young adult (19)?
How did Jerome Morrow, from \Gattaca\ end up in a wheel chair?
should i buy xenoblade chronicles?
Is jeff the killer a movie?
there was a netflix horror movie where a couple gets attacked by some kinda parasite and when a piece of it?
a wuestion about the film grown ups 2?
Am i the only one that thinks a serbian film is hot ??
Do you prefer to watch movies in 3D or their standard format?
How scary is 'The Conjuring' on a scale of 1-10?
what film is this?Its about a kid in the suburbs?
Amazing Rom-Com's to watch?
Frozen is overrated! Anyone else agree?
Best First Nations movies?
thats a good guess mystmoon but I think the movie I am looking for thery were out to possibly find this force?
I have a scar like harry potter on my head. Does that mean I am the descendant of harry?
Do you know any good undercover police movies?
Is carrie scarier or as scary as Paranormal activity 4?
Prisoners on Netflix?
Am I using data when watching a movie that I downloaded on my phone?
there wae a movie on netflix where soldiers where being hunted by spirit forces called maji in Afghanistan?
WHAT MOVIE IS THIS??
there wae a movie on netflix where soldiers where being hunted by sperit forces called maji in Afghanistan?
Name a movie that gets better after multiple viewings?
Is Jeff The Killer based on true offense?
can anyone tell me the name of this movie please?
What are some good movies set in Alaska?
Is the movie \There Will Be Blood\ a period piece?
Why didn't any of Andy's friends help him in Shawshank Redemption?
whats the name of the movie who has a girl with pink hair and some alien who sings opera?
Is thanos scheduled for avengers 3?
Question about Platoon (1986)?
Who owns the copyrights when a director for a old movie is dead?
Were any dogs harmed in the making of hollow man ?
Looking for this movie \comedy\?
Who are these people? I heard they were all going to be in A movie together 2015?
How much movies can I put in a DVD?
What's the deal with middle age woman and Jack The Pumpkin King?
What is this Jacqueline Wilson film?
Need a movie for tonight?
Name of this vampire movie?
How do you psychoanalyze films?
What is the name of the WC Fields movie where is flying in the rear of an airplane?
Name any movie about someone being paid to be someone's friend/boyfriend/girlfriend?
Who knows the name of this movie?
Making a zombie series does anyone have good ideas for way a survivor can be rescued?
Court case put in film?
Was the main theme from Disney's \Up\ based off of Glenn Miller's \Guns in the Sky\?
Name this horror film!?
Is it ok to save seats in a movie theater?
who is jordan belfolt?
Name of horror film? Professor buries former pupil and pupil comes back to haunt wife?
Name of horror film? Professor buries woman?
Can anyone tell me the name of this movie?
What Film is this? Its about a kid in the suburbs?
So I want to know the name of a film with tough girl in it, she is like a spy and she rides motobike?
I am really into things that came out in the 70s and 80s but I was born in 95 is there a word for that?
Trying to remember a movie?
Watching 3D Movie on Dell Laptop?
Who is that girl in this movie?
where was mst3k filmed in minnesota?
Student/Teacher Relationship Movies?
How many movies do you watch per week?
What are some amazing comedy animation movies?
Applied at regal movies?
What would be a good movie for me to watch?
Can anyone help with this movie?
Can't remember the name of a horrible movie... Was it jimmy two two?
good movies to watch?
did you watch the Disney movie Brave?
in the movie, goodfellas, what was joe peci talking about when he said that he was resting?
What is the name of this song used in this documentary ?
Help! There is a movie that was made in the late '80's early '90's?
What is the evil entrance music for villains in dramatic movies or death scenes?
In The Godfather, why do they go through the entire process of killing Solozzo and the captain beforehand?
Anyone know the address to the Mockingjay set in Georgia?
Dawn of the planet of the apes?
What's the WORST movie you have ever watched/heard about?
What movie is it? A military man gets strange body markings after a war and need to protect a boy from a demon?
i want side by side 3d glasses watching for movies in pc.. what is the online web site to buy glasses in india?
who likes the new movie frozen!!! :)?
What are some really scary movies?
Buy DVD from amazon or Disney store?
what are some steampunk, pirate, and/or airship movies?
Whats the name of the movie that this guy is on a prison his has rat they kill it then this prisoner makes the?
looking for the name of a movie?
Is the Netflix 1 month trial unlimited?
Can somebody recommend me some good films with stalkers in it?
Does \About Last Night\ (2014) Contain Any Nudity?
The Mortal Instruments. Shadowhunters...?
Do you know any romantic movie interpreted by Russel Crowe?
Greatest movie quotes, ever !?
What good films are there that are similar to Fantasia?
Top 5 Comedy Films of All Time?
In the movie killer joe does joe die?
Is thupakki dubbed in hindi?
Movie question Freddy vs Jason?
Favourite horror movies?
What's the name of this old movie (scenes described)?
I need a good plot for a movie?
Plz give names of chubby actress name like Sophie Guillemin (nude)?
From what movie is taken this soundtrack?
A good movie suggestion?
What film will show in2014?
what is the movie I'm looking for?
Female Fictional Character Police Officer?
Do movies nowadays lack themes?
How many people has watched the movie clash of the titans from 1981?
does anyone knows about this movie?
which is the old song the heroes sing in the film gunday?
What is your favourite film?
Can anyone recommend an anime film similar to Studio Ghibli films or \Hotarubi No Mori E\?
What are the American Pie generation doing now? Are they respectable older citizens?
Why do people like vines?
Film similar to The Day After Tomorrow?
What is that huge pointy rock at the end of The Lone Ranger?
Why is it nowadays that movie trailers are better than movies? An the only ones come close to their trailers-?
What are the 2 songs in the movie Behind Enemy Lines ?
What is the name of this family movie?
Movie titles that sound like drug names?
Does anyone know the name of the film that's loosely based on the flash not flash Gordon?
Poll: What is the saddest movie u have ever watched?
Why are movie aliens so stupid?
What are your top three favorite animated films?
Can me and my lil brother watch 300 in theaters without a adult? (10pts)?
What are your favourite Australian movies?
Why cast Michael B. Jordan as the Human Torch?
Can someone answer this question about the movie faster starring Dwayne Johnson?
Trying to remember what this movie is called. Details inside. It's an older movie?
how would you describe the style in the moulin rouge night club from the movie?
What movie is this??
When people do sex in movies is it a camera trick or do they actually do it????
I want to watch a new movie help please :)?
What Were the Three Miracles Performed in the movie \The Saint\?
\Clockwork\ (Intelligence) vsus \Picasso\ (Alex Cross)?
Do you know what's the title of this movie?
What Movie was it where there was a girl with messy hair on an island and a boy named Toma (I think)?
what movie is it where a teacher has an affair with her student then kills him?
Does taking the Lord's name in vain affect a movie's rating?
twilight fanfic that is good and not bella-centered?
For those who have seen, \The Master\?
What is the name of that movie? (Disease)?
Take me Home song in Trailer?
Who is this person or what movie is this?
what is the first movie that you remember watching in theatres?
Can you recommend a movie?
what movie has santa claus killing everyone in his town?
What's your favourite movie ever?
Trying to order a movie but don't know if I could?
Is this an accurate depiction of the movie, \Peter Pan\?
Do adult film stars change color of there nipples?
have you ever had a wet dream after watching a adult film with the women in the movie?
did bill murray and leslie nielsen ever do a movie together?
Movie about 2 twins who kill an innocent family.?
Which batman movie is the best?
movie theater popcorn makes me shaky?
need help with a movie?
I am looking for a movie I watched that was similar to Immortals?
I need help getting the name of a movie about an imaginary friend!?
Can anyone tell me what this is from? (Movie)?
I need a power for my character?
Question about starting a film club?
Top 5 Imagine Dragons Songs?
What are some good Sci fi movies?
what movie is better pulp fiction or reservoir dogs?
where can i buy some stuff of Adidas Star Wars Collection?
Know any good ragtag, odd, underdog, outcast team type movies like Guardians of the Galaxy?
Is the Kaiju which attacks a little girl in Pacific Rim Baltan Seijin?
whats a blumpkin i saw it in a movie and really wanna know?
What brisitsh movies is this + other movie?
Do you think Gwen dies in the new amazing spiderman?
What is the song in the night club scene in the movie collateral ?
Will there be an Inception 2?
Suggestions for writing a movie?
What are some good horror films?
Name of an old movie #2?
Looking for good comedy movies?
Is Wolf Creek 2 any good?
Name of an old movie??
Are there any movies about people becoming successful artists?
Best underrated horror movies?
Have you seen Philip Seymour Hoffman in \Next Stop, Wonderland\?
In what way is the movie \Bonnie and Clyde\ different from other crime/gangster films in it's era?
How is the movie \Bonnie and Clyde\ a genre-bender?
What is a good lats name for Stella? Something that can be used in Harry Potter?
What is the name of this French movie about WWII?
What movie or show is this from?
Why do black men feel underrepresented in movies and tv? They are only 6% of population?
In The Virgin Suicides...?
Name of the song At bank scene in Kevin and perry go large movie?
Name of a movie i saw a trailer for?
any hollywood movie fave story like frn's hot mom?
Does anyone know the name of this movie?
New romantic comedies?
Movie Survey...If you haven't seen \Side Effects\ from 2013, why so?
WHY IS THE STORYLINE OF TITANIC GOOD?
What movie title best describes your sex life?
Can you help telling me the name of this movie ?
What are some good scary movies?
Ideas for a movie themed fancy dress party?
If you could be the writer for the following movies, what would each plot be?
What movie is this image from?
Why Does ''King Louie'' From The Jungle Book Think he can be a human??
Did Netflix Canada stop airing Downton Abbey?
Anyone seen Bates motel?
I was watching the movie Gravity. I need help.?
Do catwoman know that Bruce is Batman in The Dark Knight Rises?
What's the name of the song from the watch?
does anyone know what movie this is from?
How does orange Wednesdays work?
Writing a movie based on a book?
What is the movie called when..?
Explain finnicks death in mockingjay?
Which one of these movies should I watch?
any good movies , can be recent or old !?
I need help remembering a movie title?
Best scary movies on Netflix ?
How long is frozen going to be in theaters?
Why do i always think of dramatic stuff?
I need help finding a movie?
What Is This Movie? Jacki chan?
What is the signifisense of this scene in the Patrick Swayze Red Dawn movie?
Mr miyagi aka pat morita film trivia?
Planet of the apes ??
Graphic abduction/Stockholm Syndrome movie title help please:?
What film is it? (Kate Mulgrew)?
I need to find this scary movie..?
The name of an old movie about robot aliens that where buried in line inside of a mountain?
What's this movie called?!?
Movies where the main characters lose and end up in despair?
Movie with a viking funeral?
What movie is the song \The Funeral\ from the Band Of Horses in?
old police true event movie?
Price list on the odeon cinema?
Where can I review Indie Movies?
what assassin film is it when he follows this white guy and writes down 5 people he wants dead?
I recently watched Frozen and now I feel like I want to live in their world, i'm a 15 year old boy...?
Need in help of the name of horror movie?
Edward Furlong movie.?
movies about depression/homeless teenage boy?
What happened to the little boy in 'a serbian film'?
Why do I get bored with and never understand some movies?
Do Vikram and Bala dies in the end of GUNDAY?
Does the Clockwork Girl Movie exist?
Can somebody tell me what movie is on this link?
In that movie where Shia Labeouf's cell phone was trying to kill him, why didnt he just take out the battery?
Is 'BladeRunners (80s) good?
Guys what do you think about 'Mission Impossible' ?
Is 'the Nut Job' going to be released in the UK or Belgium?
Please help me figure out this song!?
Somone said to me Obama has enough movies to be embarrassed of is it true and y ?
Film Poll: What is the Best Film out of...................?
A movie name i don't remember the movie name plz help?
Does anybody know this Movie Name?
Movie aimed at youngsters?
How old is Jack Frost Physically in Rise of the Guardians?
recommendet movies about witches?
In Blade Runner, were the Replicas robots or clones?
What are these films called?
What film is this from? (link to picture in details)?
even though amazing spiderman 2 is going to be rubbish, why am I excited to see it?
What is the best brooklyn New York gang movie?
How would you actually rate the Star Wars films?
Have you ever heard someone laugh really hard at a Movie?
in the movie, purple rain, does morris day and his band get fired from the club at the end when prince wins?
Why do American films not show explicit sex?
movies about bullying?
Star Wars, we are led to believe that Stormtroopers originate from the remnants of the trade federations?
Best mystery movie you have seen ?
Which of these three movies should I watch on a date?
when you have nothing better to do...?
If Buzz Lightyear doesn't know he's a toy, why doesn't he talk in front of humans?
Is it normal to see life as a movie?
What is the music in the restaurant scenes from Some Kind of Wonderful?
Where can i find disney movies with lyrics in songs?
Best top rated horror films which are scary-make u scream and jump and nervous?
What is the best to start making flash movies?
Gravity - something i did not quite understand?
Why do people like The Avengers so much?
Is it legal to download old movies, books, and radio stories?
Good movies to watch on Netflix?
Trying to find out what movie this is??
Which movie is this? Any one knows from the description?
Clockwork Orange explanation why is it so well-rated?
A gay movie about a guy forcing another guy to take some pills or drugs?
Can you explain to me what happened in this movie, PLEASE ?
Did you think Margot Robbie's accent was good in The Wolf of Wall Street?
That one movie you'd recommend everyone ?
Any good movies to watch on netflix?
What is the name of this movie?
How to have a date night at home with a movie with my girlfriend?
little bunny foo foo movie?
What is the worst movie you have ever seen?
what gonna happen with mockingjay?
Recents movies about greed.?
Guys I'm looking for a movie!!!!?
Help me find this movie?
Question about the movie Perks of being a wallflower?
Paranormal movie without ghost appearing ??
any samsung galaxy ace movie apps?
Good movies to watch?
hey I couldof swear I remembered a movie where astronaut has thing on chest that vibrates always whats the nam?
what was this movie called?
When will the season 2 of highschool of the dead will be released?
Sky Atlantic advert: Game of thrones music?
Why do nearly all film companies make trillogies rather than a duology?
Help me find this movie please.?
Would There Be A New Batman Movie?
Any Star Wars fans with opinions on the next three movies?
Nerdy Star Wars question...?
are there any exciting mind game movies which were released after the year 2000?
What horror movies have teleportation scenes in them?
German TV Series Or Movies?
Movie title about a gun misfire that causes it to explode in the shooter's face?
Best Bluray movies 2014?
If Episode VII will include Jacen and Jaina Solo, who would you want to see playing them?
Jurassic Park Parody?
What are Michael J. Dundee's attitudes, values and beliefs in the film \Crocodile Dundee\?
Did robocop ever go back to normal?
What movie am I thinking of?
which austin powers intro is your favorite?
What is the price of movie tickets on Thursday in mgf metropoliten mall gurgaon?
Do you like \Fat Bastard\?
If you suffered from consumption, were/ are you supposed to be kept on ice?
what french movie is just dinner conversations with english subtitles?
any good romantic movies on Netflix?
Trying to remember old vampire movie?
What's your favorite pokemon movie?
Did everyone not noticed that Michael Clarke Duncan and Paul Walker had their final movie on April 25, 2014??
Please help me! I'm looking for a movie that has story about survival in the forest...?
This is a long shot but I really want to know what this movie is called so I can find it and watch it!?
Can anyone please help me with the name of this film?
What's your favorite Disney movie?
Can anyone please explain me the movie Pulp Fiction?
Am i the only one who thinks The Departed was better than Pulp fiction?
I cant find this one horror movie...help?
Please suggest some good korean Romantic comedy/Comedy movies released after 2005 ?
What movie says, \I adore you\ instead of \I love you?\?
What is the title of this movie?
The scene in The Departed where Sullivan (damon) and Madolyn are in the bed and she's crying...?
What are good serial killer movies/shows?
What are some good documentaries to watch?
90's martial art movie??
What scary movie is this?
Sleep over movies wanted!!!?
Has our love of special effects taken over a love of movie storytelling?
What was the movie where a guy is shooting through a wall and a guy helps him by raising his hands?
Do you think Tuco Salamanca was worse than Gus Fring?
who is shown at the end of wolf of wall street?
Which Lolita movie is better?
Does it amuse you when film snobs feel intimidated by other movie buffs?
There was a movie in the mid 90s about a rock band fighting Zombies, what was the name?
Title of movie pleaassee?
Is there a full list of 2014 Academy Award voters/ members?
Is The New RoboCop any Good?
Best movies to watch on Netflix? 10 points for best answers?
Anyone know the name of this movie ?
Cartoon or movie where a character says \Diiimmer switches\?
Which of these are your favorite Movies of the Late 2000's (2007-2009)?
In the movie predator what does the brand mean when he brands himself, like what does the T like symbol mean?
Any violent comedys worth a watch?
Name of this Lifetime movie?
Anyone knows what this movie is called?
Movies about people banding together?
What it be a last friday movie?
Trying to think of the name of this film?
Questions about adult film stars?
Wouldn't Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet's characters have died in Titanic in real life?
Edge of Tomorrow movie based on All you need is kill manga???
What is Dude, Where's my Car about?
Are there any good movies out recently, especially sci-fi or horror?
I'm looking for a survival movie in the mountain or forest...?
In the movie SALT, isn't there an alternate scene where they make HER kill her husband to test her loyalty?
What movies are similar to The Hunger Games that are available on netflix?
anyone know any good movies about punk or related to punk?
Best horror/thriller movies?
Is The Texas Chainsaw Massacre (2003) movie any good?
Pulp fiction was bad?
What is the name of that modern(ish) shipwreck movie?
Movie involving affirmative action?
When does the movie Madea Christmas come out on DVD?
Name three movies that should be remade..or need a sequel?
How to get into the film industry (acting)?
omg which film is this?!?
the life and times of sara baartman documentary? 10 points!?!?
Movie about the Halocaust?
What's the worst movie ever?
Which movie was better: The Simpsons movie or South Park: Bigger, Longer, and Uncut?
How do I find out the last day a movie will be in theators?
CD / DVD disc format?
Adults- did you like the lego movie?
What's your fave tom cruise film?
People's attention span in movies?
Help with film plot!!?
Hobbit desolation of Smaug (spoilers) What happened to Thranduil?
Do you think Tyer Perry's The Single Moms Club will go down as the best movie ever made?
What are some extremly scary movies?
In \Highlander: Endgame\, how did Duncan McLeod know Kate was a ptential immortal?
Is anyone else sick of being spoonfed X-Men movies and craving some Justice League?
In the movie, Shall We Dance with Richard Gere, there is a scene where they are all standing outside a tv?
Films with bad parent-child relationships?
what is this movie called?
any good horror movie suggestions? :)?
i need to know the differences and similarities between the short story \spurs\ and the movie \freaks.\?
Good date night movies on Netflix?
Movie question: I have a vague memory of a wonderful foreign movie about a strong woman in a small village?
Anyone who has seen donnie darko?
Does anybody knows an opening title scene where the camera zooms in until go inside (or through) the lettering?
filmm please help me!!?
What are some army boot camp episodes/movies on Netflix?
What do you think about the new RoboCop movie?
Based on the Hero's Journey, who would play the mentor in Stargate?
What is you favourite movie genre?
what is Bogart-Bacall Syndrome, please?
Without Robert Downey Jr. ironman would have been just a tin can; Agree or Disagree and why?
What would you bring with you if a zombie attack occurred like on the walking dead?
Next to Jeremy Brett which actor played Sherlock Holmes the best?
Who do you think played the Devil/Antichrist the best out of these actors?
in HBO Game of Thrones show, who is the most powerful man & house in Westeros?
When is American Hustle coming out on DVD?
Why are the people in Harry Potter so old?
i watched a movie which takes place in 70's about a model ,hero tries to take pictures of her .one day at nig?
Help! clip suggestion for Supernatural Titanic trailer?
What's the name of this movie?
why not hopkin anymore?
Can you give me movies names?:)?
Nice films set abroad?
Old B&W Movie Help!?
want to see an action or romantic movie?
what movie trailer does the song pompeii appear in?
I need some wardrobe help!!!?
im looking for the name of a science fiction movie.?
hi, I need to find a movie?
what are some cool adventure movies!?
Any Movies with motivational theories?
Is there any movie entitled 'yellow' Starring ving rhames?
list out your top 5 horror movies?
Where can i find this movie?
Any animated movies with forbidden love?
Are there any movies reenacting Neanderthals, Homo Erectius, and/or Australopithecus?
whuch is scariest movie?
Is alien vs hunter the worst movie youve ever seen?
Are you going to watch the new godzilla movie?
what are some cool steampunk movies?
If every single movie was conncted?
Does anyone know what movie this is?
Who Gave The Best Performance In The Dark Knight Trilogy Except Heath Ledger And Christian Bale?
Which movie in theatre?
Where can I find this movie?
(1)Where do plot and story overlap? (2)Where are they separate?
Best Female Badass in Movies?
Why did Harry called the Ravenclaw's Diadem the \last horcrux\ in the 8th Harry Potter Movie?
Which movie is that where a guy lives in the clock tower, has a huge roll of money in a rubber band collected?
where can i find a 2 minute female monologue from a film?
Which of these are your favorite Movies of the Mid 2000's (2003-2006)?
Guardians of The Galaxy Meet The Avengers?
what is the best comedy movie all time ?
WHATS THIS FILM???????????????/?
Whats this film called?
What countries is Frozen DVD/Blueray available?
Is \Scream\ (1996), a good movie?
In the movie Holes, why wasn't the remains of Kate Barlow at the boat?
Can ya give me zombies movies?
Hi everybody! Can you suggest me... movie...??
How you can give more dramatic color like a movie?
Anyone know the name of the movie?
Which demon was the most horrific in the Insidious films, the black demon with the red face or Parker Green?
Can anyone reccomend similar movies?
Favourite Harry Potter Characters/Spells?
What was the name of that movie?
Writing a screenplay?
Do you think George Cloony would last 15 seconds in Nazi Germany?
What do you call it when a film tries to convey a social message?
Why didn't anyone write \Don't try this at home\ in the movie Project X?
What would you do if you had your way with Katrina Kaif?
What are some REALLY scary horror movies?
Friday The 13th Franchise VS Halloween Franchise?
how does a made-for-tv movie make revenue? as in revenue from its broadcast, not sponsorship or whatsoever.?
when directors / actors talk about films,why do they sometimes say pictures?
BAFTA's outstanding British Contribution to Cinema Award?
Where was the film Spring Breakers set?
What 's the name of this movie? Help please?
Is true that strange and terrifying things happened during the making some movies?
MOVIE TITLE HELP PLEASE?
whats that movie about cancer?
What is your favourite 80's movie?
what anime movie is this?
what is ur favorite movie?
What was the movie about an old gay jewish bakery man during ww2?
In the movie Little Miss Sunshine...?
What should I call my online TV show and movie merch shop?
Will their be a journey 3 from the earth to the moon?
what is the worst part of the Twilight saga?
Is midnight in Paris an amazing movie?
Is the Osage County movie a grown up narration of OC?
Hi Frndzz.. Need some Sad love story for Short film. If you ve original u can share.You will be a part of that?
What is the name of this movie?
Elvish Language from LOTR?
When it comes to clone a DVD,what's the best way you can ever think of ?
What's the movie name where a rich man is kidnapped and murdered buy a disgruntled worker?
Can't remember movie title?
what is the name of movie in which father is trapped with baby in hospital and power is down?
Apocalypse Now not a masterpiece?
What was that one movie...?
I'm Looking For An Old (2001-2005) Movie That Might Have Been On Nickelodeon?
A CINDERELLA STORY THE MOVIE ??
A CINDERELLA STORY THE MOVIE ??
Must see movies on Netflix?
i cant remeber for the life of me what this movie is called can you help?
What movie is this (older romance)?
How to find dream science novels in relation to Inception film.?
What is the name of this man?
Is Europe really as creepy as it looks like in the Hostel movies?
master cheif in a movie?
What are some newer funny black movies?
Movie help!!!!!!!!!!?
When will they have auditions for this movie?
Do you think leonardo Dicaprio will win a n OSCAR this year?
Any good movies about females with guns?
Can't remember movie title it's about a father who finds out his son is a killer.?
Please help me name this movie!!?
I'm looking for a new movie to watch?
Movie where the bad guys name is bone?
What movie is this from?
Why does Precious's mom hate her so much?
Can't remember movie title about a teenage to early 20's son who lives with his father and is a killer?
What is the movie where a parents finds out their older son is a killer?
Can't remember a movie title?
What movie tugs at your heart-strings?
What was the name of that movie?
Guess what this movie line is from..?
Can someone identify this movie?
Maleficent (The Movie)?
What is this old horror movie?
Top 5 best movies of all time?
College teen horror movie?
Why didn't Vader fulfill the Rule Of Two (Star Wars)?
What are some good movies?
Fantasy movies with main character being a guy?
Why don't you sell all your dvds on ebay and replace them with the Blu Rays?
What are the best movies in 2013?
Tv show and movie recommendations?
what movie is this? I think it has Leonardo decaprio or matt damon. not sure?
is there a Hatchet movie by Gary Paulsen?
Why was the Lone Ranger so bad?
I am looking for a movie but can't find it..?
Acting value in Paranormal Activity?
What are some good Netflix movies?
In text citation for movie? (MLA)?
I Don't have all the netflix titles?
Movie credits at the beginning of a movie, what does it mean when...?
Can't remember a movie/show about reversing memories to an infant!?
Gay movies or tv shows?
looking for a movie where everyone has the same dream (nightmare) and they sleep on the side of a mountain?
What are some heartbreaking Asian films?
Movies with good apartment explosion scenes?
What 90s film is this?
Hi, so I went to the movies recently and I saw this preview but I cannot remember what the name of the movie!!?
I need a movie to watch on Netflix?
Michael Keaton played the best Batman in all the Batman Films they did, next to Adam West, does any one agree?
Did anyone else think the Lego Movie promoted socialism?
What kind of type writer was used in House of Cards season 2. that was used by Underwood to the President.?
Frozen: How old is Elsa?
Name this movie - Please!?
Will there be a sequel to the movie The Break-up?
Your opinion on these Disney movies?
What did you think of the movie about last night?
Is teen wolf on Netflix?
What's is the name of the new british spy film from the same producers as Tinkor Tailer?
Can you please recommend a good horror movie?
We're the Millers sequel?
Does anybody know the name of this movie?
good \toliet humor\ movies?
Does anybody know the name of this movie?
Can anyone give me a motivational movie?
Help with this movie title?
If Elsa or Anna in the Frozen movie were real, which one would you marry?
ok movie people help me out. critters? dream warriors(nightmare on elm street)? wishmaster ? or the leprecha?
Which one of these movies should I watch?
what is the name of movie that talk about schizophrenic person ?
Do you think Frozen is worthy of being called one of the best Disney animated films?
I want to add a foam effect to a scene in a movie, any advice?
What is this film? Weird comedy?
did you wach the movie Frozen?
Who is you favorite Director and why?
What are the last songs from 42?
Please Help Me With A Movie?
is it weird if i write lego movie fanfiction?
Using a stage name movie actress?
What movie(s) should I watch?
Any good movies?? PLEASE HELP!?
Do you like the movie independance day?
What are some good newer inspirational sports movies?
I NEED SOME GOOD TEARJERKER MOVIES?
Books similar to the film Her?
What are your top 3 Western movies...?
hello i am looking for a scifi movie is about mind reading?
Why did Bill want to kill her in Kill Bill movie?
What channels on youtube do you like more?
What happened to full screen DVD movies?
What movie is this screenshot from?
A Disney Song That Makes You Feel Like A Kid Again?
What is a movie or video with people running away after an event happens?
Movies like Die, Nine Dead, Exam...?
What is a movie or video with people running away after an event happens?
What are the names of the horror movies that are scary?
Help im looking for a movie?
STAR TREK ORIGINAL MOVIE HLEP:?
Is there a disney movie for swan lake?
Summarize the Paranormal Activity movie series?
Title for a short film?
Will the Witch-King appear in the hobbit movies?
Short Film 2015 Oscars Submission... Help!?
Whats the name of this war movie?
Any recent horror movie that you liked?
If you had to ban one of these directors from ever making movies again which would you choose?
in the movei u-571, what happened to David keith's character?
i'm thinking of a movie but i don't know the name?
I want some powerful movies that depict the reign,power,glory of kings and their kingdoms?
Nmae of the movie???
do you think George A Romero has better horror movies than Lucio Fulci?
what are some good horrors movies from like the 90s and down?
Beauty and the beast and Tarzan theory?
What is accurate about the film Gangs of New York and what is fiction?
Censorship of Western films and political messages TOPIC HELP?
Movie where girl risks everything for the boy or girl?
Does anyone think the lego movie good?
Are movies now regulated aganist animal abuse?
I want to know which fantasy movie was this?
Is the Godfather THAT violent?
How to promote my film ?
Movie about a mafia kill a mans family then devil gives him superpowers???
Was ''Tron Legacy'' Kinda Confusing?
What are some good must watch movies from the list below?
Good movies related to Blue Crush 2?
In Which Batman Movie Christian Bale Gave His Best Performance?
What's your favorite or least favorite movie genres?
Anybody know this film??
NORMAN BATES !!!!!! ?????
Who knows the name of this movie?
Why do Hindiwalas/ walis go to see English movies?
What are some good movies about finding your highschool love later in life?
Why wasn't The Great Gatsby movie nominated for anything in Golden Globe/Oscars?
Can i use a dynamic mic for Short films?
Is Charlie Sheen winning? He is now engaged to an adult film star.?
Movie experts (old movies); what was the message behind \Cat on a Hot Tin Roof\?
Is there a movie where Ellen page plays a big roll?
Am I the only person who thinks Ghostbusters 2 is a disgusting, horrible film?
How can someone win an Oscar for Best Short Film, or Best Documentary Short Film?
Which of these are your favorite Movies of the Early 2000's (2000-2002)?
Movies to watch with gf that won't make me vomit?
What are your favourite movie quotes?
Microphone Sound problems?
In a zombie apocalypse, would the military really be overrun?
how to find inexpensive voice over in Delhi?
Is there a way to check and see if any movie or TV show is being played through any media streaming platform?
Suggest some Random Songs/ Albums Bollywood Hindi Movies?
I would like to watch a sad movie, can anyone help please?
I would like to watch a sad movie, can anyone help please?
Modern Horror Movies VS Old Horror Movies?
Other good movies like shutter island, fight club and inception?
what are the best horror film that will best scare us but with no sexuality because were still teenagers?
Do you have any movie suggestions like these?
What do you think of this Short Film Idea?
The movie in which there was a mined bus? Not movie \speed\?
Can't remember an old childhood film?
Who;s the Choreographer of this song : Ek Do Teen from Movie Tezaab. Also GIve the web URL URL of the person.?
any teen movies like?
What's are some of your favourite movies?
What is the eerie music in 'Fight Club' when Edward norton answers the payphone?
what movie had an old lady that didn't want sugar in her coffee and then had a stroke?
Which actress won the highest number of Oscars?
who plays the cowardly friend in transformers?
Who is the Choreographer of song \Pehla Pehla Pyar\ hai from Movie Hum Apke Hai Kaun?
Can someone recommend the scariest movie he/she knows?
In between AAFT & DIGITAL ACADEMY,which one is better?
Name of the 60's-70's movie where 3 young boys were travelling to Canada and falling in love wt an older lady?
IS there a movie based on the Odyssey?
What are some good newer sports movies?
need your design opinion : how can i improve on this movie poster?
In the movie \Made in heaven\ What is the song Annie is playing on the piano?
Help me figure out what movie this is from please!?
HOW CAN I WATCH A MOVIE ON MY LAPTOP FROM NETFLIX AND START A ACCOUNT?
Which of these are your favorite Movies of the Late 90's (1997-1999)?
what are som underrated horror films?
What are some good newer sports movies?
Didn't Captain Stacy plated by Dennis Leary die in the last Spiderman movie ?
I'm trying to remember the name of a movie I saw a long ago?
What are the best channels on youtube?
Black Maria films productions?
What are some movies that have incorporated classical music in them?
Has anybody seen the Pet Girl of Sakurasou? (Sakuraso No Pet Na Kanojo)?
Chick flick, guy drive a yellow truck died of cancer at end, try to drive off cliff wht movie?? thanks?
When is the Lundon's Bridge and the 3 Keys coming out ?
i cant remember the titile to this war movie...and I need help?
are there any movies out there about an ADULT misfit?
Movies similar to; The Women, The Devil Wears Prada etc?
What kind of car does Eric (Dave Franco) drive in 21 Jumpstreet?
how in movie V for vendetta ,V shoes his moral character as an hero?
Daniel Craig or Sean Connery?
Name this made for tv movie?
What are some good fictional engineering movies?
What is a horror movie that has the word \films\ in it?
Why is there so many asian war movies?
Movies with similar feels to \stand by me\?
good horror/twist ending movies on netflix?
Top 10 Scariest Films of All Time?
What do you think of the movie Don Jon?
What do i do if Warner Bros Made an ad with an idea of mine from Youtube??
mysterious movie that takes place in motel?
Are any of these Oscar nominated movie good, even good enough to see buy ticket get 2nd ticket free?
Any good movie suggestions?
proper way to arrange a storyboard?
Why are the Star Wars DVDs worth as much or more then the Blu Rays?
How do I record movies?
What are some really good movies?
What kind of jobs does an entertainment staff do at a resort?
were can I buy all the Scooby- doo dvd movies at?
Whats that movie from the 70-80's?
Has anyone here seen Blue Jasmine; what did you think of it?
What are some good scary movies based on \true\ stories?
Whats the name of the movie that the main character keeps getting better weapons?
Films that are sad you cried at?
I've been trying to find out the name of this film for ages please help!?
How do I play trailers for movies currently showing?
I'm looking for the name of a movie?
Can someone name this film for me?
What was it like pitching 'me myself and Irene' to a studio?
What is a good movie to watch?
What johnny depp movie should I watch?
Will there be another Dragon ball z series?
Whats the order of the x-men movies in the way they came out?
I'm introducing my crush to the miyazaki movies.?
Nightmares, Did you, as a child, wake up yelling for your Mum and Dad after a truly horrific nightmare?
What are some Romantic-Drama Movies? I don't like old ones! PG-13 :)?
Scary movies to give me nightmares? (Not rated r for sex or language)?
I'm looking for movies or TV shows suggestions, please?
In Ocean's Twelve, how did Francois Toulour figure out Ocean and Rusty had spoken to his mentor La Marque?
Who would win in this fight?
What did they use to make the Lego Movie?
Harry potter question, please explain?
Does anyone know this movie?
whats your favorite movie and whats it about?
A question about a killer kid movie?
What is the restitution in the first Harry Potter?
Trying to find epic movie music, usually plays in Horror flick trailers, have a roman catholic church hymns?
Is there a point in the first Harry Potter book or movie where Harry almost gives up?
Anyone know what movie is this?
Question about the Sound of Music?
in harry potter and the deadly haloows part 1 (movie)?
Anyone know what movie is this?
Top Five Favorite Docudrams?
Anyone know what movie is this?
Movie Recommendations?
Should I get rid of my \Chucky\ movies?
I have a question about Shawshank Redemption.?
SADDEST MOVIE PLEASE ANSWER WILL HET BEST ANSWER?
Name of this movie that had Will Smith in it?
desperate for a GOOD horror movie?
Whats that movie (80s/90s?) with two teens and a gorilla. They end on a beach eating hamburgers ??
What movie should i watch?
anyone agree \once upon a time in America\ showcases Robert De Niro's best acting of his career?
What classic movies do you think every child should watch?
whats that movie where?
Fast & Furious continuity?
What is this Lifetime Movie?
Is it just me or do you think the movie frozen sucks?
whats wrong with spike in season 7?
Is \The Wolf of Wall Street\ worth watching?
Need more big chest movies to watch?
Horror movie website ?
Netflix movies question?
This movie about mexican gangsters in prison and one is white an one is mexican, what movie is this?
Whats The name of the movie?
What is this scene in 500 Days of Summer?
From what movie that is?
Movie help, kids use tokens to test out babysitters before settling on one.?
What movie is this scene from?
Need to find a movie about someones live secretly being broadcast as reality tv?
Who has seen The LEGO Movie?
boy going to juvie gets in plane crash. girl in plane too. stuck in forest? anyone know this movie?
Please help with this movie title puzzle?? :)?
Why did Elliot and E.T share a psychic connection in the movie E.T ?
How can I get my hands on AMC Theater Silver and/or Gold Passes?
thoughts on the film prisoners?
will there be a second film for the way way back?
Any advice in cinematography?
What Movie is this?!?
Should I watch Red Dragon?
Are there any movies fitting the following description?
astral projection movie but i cant remember it?
Why hasn't Dreamworks made an Over the Hedge 2?
Can anyone tell me the name of the song that plays RIGHT after The Hunger Games movie?
Seeking Some Help With an old Lifetime Movie?
I Know EveryBody Is On The Blu Ray Bandwagon Now Days But Do Some Of Y'all Still Watch Movies On Dvds?
anyone watch that awkward moment or endless love?! 10 points!!?
What opinion do you have on the biggest Russian trash movie \Green Elepant\?
OK tell me if this is a good idea for a horror film?
What is the name of the movie \pink\ is watching in the movie The Wall ? Its a Black & white war movie ?
Atonement or The Loveley Bones?
Name of a devil themed movie.?
What is this? Why every time shows when I was trying to watch movie on http://www.watchfreemovies.ch/?
looking for a horror movie?
Good films that are similar to prisoners?
Best scary movies you've seen?
Early 2000s movie trailer about Earth exploding?
what are some good childhood romance movies?
Good Weird Short Film Idea?
People into film/students! Opinions on my 3 min film (:?
Does an American director have to obtain the rights to a foreign film to remake it? (Read Details)?
Where can I watch cybergeddon?
can you give me some scary movies that aren't that scary?
Which Jean-Luc Goddard films to watch?
What are the names of those animated movies?
What's the film where someone's lost memory is jogged by a guy who always wheelspins when he starts his car?
What was your opinion of Jeepers Creepers?
Movie: Van with machine gun in it.?
Yeah so is it unhealthy to be obsessed with the movie frozen?
I want to become a film director bit my parents are forcing me to become an engineer. what do I tell them!?
Shawshank Redemption vs. Open Range vs. The Green Mile?
What are some good Fantasy movies?
Will there be Heaven's last property season three or they make the movie instead?
What is the Name of this movie?
Please help with this puzzle.. Movie title?
Is the demon in the Insidious 2 ending?
Why does everyone think Insidious is scary?
Horror films like Insidious 2, The conjuring? If not, horror films that involve asylums?
How do adult Film stars stay hot even if they still do movies into there late 40s early 50s?
Any good horror movies on netflix?
How can a movie like The Ugly Truth get so bad ratings?
What is a Film Script? Write the script of a play or film in about 200 words.?
Netflix USA - Doctor Who?
who can tell me a romantic movie ?? that is good ?
Do you feel that silent movies are more potent than what we have today?
Which one of these movies should I watch?
What is a good movie to watch with conservative parents?
Looking for something similar to the dyatlov pass incident.?
in john carpenters film ' the fog ' was blake a pirate?
What movie is this Will Ferrell meme from?
What song was featured in the Cary Grant movie To Catch a Thief?
Which Quentin Tarantino movie is your favorite?
Was the song Masquerade by Berlin featured in a movie?
Do you know any victorian era movies, from 2000 till now?
What are the 17 steps of the Monomyth are throughout the movie I am Legend?
Which of these are your favorite Movies of the Mid 90's (1993-1996)?
who really played deadpool in x-men origins?
how to make is look like my house is on fire?
which is best film institute between AAFT & ZIMA?
which movie do you prefer out of these...?
What is the name of this horror movie?
Touchstone of Ra - House of Anubis FULL MOVIE is Copyright?
Question about The Godfather?
Recommend me some movie after reading the details.?
What movies have Emma Watson and Helena Bonham carter together?
What are some recent teen romantic movies?
In \The hunger games\, why the citizens of capitol wear fancy dress and put makeup like jokers?
Title Please? and thank you??
What movie is this screenshot from?
movie that a man brings women to his house to have sex but then he kills then and put their body in fridge?
which is the better quality picture please, DVD or Hi Def ?
A French movie forgot the name of it :(!?
Four questions about the movie Castaway?
how long is the story of the movie Match Point?
Best Slasher Movies...?
what are your favorite romantic quotes from movies? please include the title of the movie?
what are your favorite romantic quotes from movies? please include the title of the movie?
I need a movie title! Please help?
Favourite Friday The 13th movie?
Question for women about Disney movies?
Which Cartoon Was Funnier?
Any good movies llike Frozen (disney) ?
Name of hostage movie?
How much would it cost to make a 2D animated movie?
does this sound like a movie you might want to see?
Anyone recommend some classic horror movies?
It's the same old question isn't it?
Movie where girl is framed by stalker for cops death?
Which romantic movie is best?
Where can I get Harry Potter merch?
What car was used in movie DEATHPROOF?
whats your favorite riddick movie?
Movie ideas............?
i need a movie idea about any type of hero?
Can you give me an amazing quote about water?
What would be the best title for the Man of Steel sequel?
I need a movie title?
Boxtrolls Trailer Song- which version is it?
What is the name of this movie?
I need help finding a movie i saw when i was a kid?
Do Blu Ray movies really use up a full 50 gigabytes all for 1 movie?
What is a good movie on netflix?
What is the name of this movie?
I am looking for a specific movie?
What's the name of this movie?
I want to know this british dark/comedy i watched back in around 2009-2011ish.?
Good gay romance movies?
Horror movie were the people get killed when the scenario comes to life?
Romance movies?????????????
I am looking for a haunted asylum movie I saw years ago.?
Will there be a second movie to Vampire Academy?
TCM showed a short clip about a modern be-pop composer that ends up in heaven ...?
who was the killer in club dreAd?
What movie could this be?
Does anyone know the song that plays at julias wedding in julie & julia?
What is the status of the Deadpool movie?
name of 90´s teen movie?
Good teen girl movie ideas?
what movies are these?
help with a movie please? has been bugging me for 2-3 years!?! ASAP IF YOU KNOW D:?
Trying to find movie similar to Jacob's Ladder?
What should I watch on Netflix? Nikita, Burn Notice, or Dexter?
What are your favorite movies?
Where is Andrew Scott in Saving Private Ryan?
what would happen if davy jones had stabbed his own heart?
Would these be good movie quotes?
Did the first Jaws film scare audiences?
What movie am I thinking of? Does anyone know?
What are some good horror movies on netflix?
What am i to her? Am i being played?
What movie is this??? (See Details)?
whats the name of that movie? Dudes family gets killed?
What movie involves a white woman to fall in love with a black man?
Is there any point in watching the Academy Awards?
what's the 90s movie?
Movies about older men having affairs with young girls (13-16 possibly)?
What is Chris Gardners definition of success in the movie pursuit of happyness?
Help me! Name of movie with a loser that tries to be a superhero and a little girl with a purple wig?
does anybody remember this movie about a jimi hendrix like pied piper with a guitar?
Does anyone know the name of this movie?
late 80s early 90s movie with married couple named sue and scott?
What is a good movie that represents some significant thing in the 1900's?
what is that movie called with that lady who kidnaps that man in her house?
I need a list or some badass characters?
What's a good chick flick to watch when your bored?
Pixar business experience?
what are the best rated horror movies of 2013?
winter's tale 2014 movie?
Which Studio Ghibli movie should I watch next?
Hooray! Robocop has bombed! Who's happy about this?
What's a good scary movie to watch outside?
Where was the BiFall/waterfall in Thor The Dark World filmed ? (or is it CGI)?
Can somebody help me to find this movie?
Are there any movies where America is the bad guy?
How to tighten to write a screenplay?
I'm trying to find the name of this movie I watched as kid?
Are there any movies where America is the bad guy?
What happened to Bavmorda at the end of Willow?
I have a hard time trying to find out what this movie was?
Any other harry potter fans out there?? let me hear u!!!?
Carrie (1976) Question?
When does the movie Haunter take place?
What is the name of this movie?
xmas movie from 30s, 40s with a little girl who ends up at stockyards at midnight xmaseve to see cows kneel?
Looking for Good Filipino Tagalog movies?
has anybody seen Robocop (2014)?
What did you think of the movie Lone Survivor?
I'm looking for a movie which involves murder, a male protagonist and at the end he reaches a beach?
Feedback on movie idea?
Which of these are your favorite Movies of the early 90's (1990-1992)?
What is the worst Romance movie made?
Good shows on netflix?
What does the the phrase Old Sport mean?
Whats a good app for movies?
Suggestions for movies?
Cant remember name of movie... help?
Horror movie title please ??
Favorite episode from Tales from the Crypt?
Question for the men about Disney movies?
Anyone remember this film ?
Will anyone ever be able to play The Joker again?
Hey!I am looking for a movie i saw a few years ago. Please help!!?
could this actor become the next james bond?
Who would you cast as Lisa in the \Weird Science\ Redo?
what was the name of this movie?
What was the white car used in hobo with a shotgun?
What Movie Is This Help?
What do people want to know about the suburbs?
My friend doesn't get scared at scary movies! Any suggestions?
Can someone give me a short psychoanalysis of the movie 'Pan's Labyrinth'?
What was the basic conflict of the movie \Pan's Labyrinth\?
does this make sense?!?
Help what is this movie called where a dog changed a boys life?
I watched a film about 10 years ago and have never ever found it/ seen it or come across it! can someone help!?
Sci-fi movie from 1980-1990.?
Im going off Harry Potter!!! :0 HELP ME!?
What's this movie called? Real movie buffs please...?
Question about Harry Potter?
Will the film 'In Secret' be showing in the UK?
How did Loki return in the Avengers?
Help me name this movie?
Animated horse movie? (Forget the name pretty sure it was made in the 90's)?
Warning - scary picture. Can anybody tell me what movie this is from. Thanks?
Is this reasonable suspicion ?
what to do once you have the basic idea down?
Movie box movies won't download?
Movie where main guy can read minds?
Horror/Suspense movies worth watching on Netflix?
Can you help me identify a movie, please?
Question about 300: Rise of an Empire?
how come the new Robocop is PG-13 and the old one is not?
How much better would Snakes on a Plane have been with Denzel Washington?
I WAS WONDERING WHY??
How far in the future is the hunger games?
Does anyone maybe know name of this space movie?
What about actors that just get on your nerves?
What is the movie when a guy kills people with his father's strange knife?
When I buy an item from US on ebay, do I need to pay duty when it gets to UK?
After hobbit 3 there and back again another movie?
I'm looking for some good movies.?
need to kill someone?
Harry Potter fans.....?
anybody else annoyed the new robocop is a pg 13 ? wtf?
is spring breakers on netflix in canada?
When will switched at birth finish its 3rd season?
Ok there is a meme of a boy sitting at a table looking pissed off. Im pretty sure its from a movie.?
A movie that the husband or wife kills the lover of theyr partner? Does anybody knows one?
what are some good love story/romance movies?
When does the disney movie Mulan take place? (time period)?
I'm looking for a movie about a kid who is with other children in heaven?
A question regarding The Little Mermaid 2?
Any really good Drama movies?
Any really good horror movies?
Can you tell me the origin of this frame?
I was thinking about what movie this is...?
How to get yanni music cds and dvds in india?
when is the 3rd movie of percy jackson coming the one after sea of monsters?
Do you know this movie?
what do you believe is the true meaning of the movie v for vedetta ?
will they put all the hunger games movie in one just like they did with twilight?
movie about a women who kidnaps a pregnant women for her baby?
how add to imdb movies I have watched?
How good is redbox instant?
I'm going on a airplane and i want to watch a movie with my son.?
is there any movie or series that a man change his face?
Who knows this movie saw it in the 90`s?
Do you know any movie were the biological mother of a child was raised as their sibling?
Does anyone know the name of a movie where a murderous robot gets set off? Details below?
Does anyone know what movie this is?
What movie is this picture from?
How does \The Blob\ end?
What's Hannibal and House of cards about?
Why is The Sound of Music associated with Christmas?
I need as many movies as people can think of with the mcdonalds restaurant somewhere in it?
Any websites to watch films on without downloading?
Who knows the name of this movie?
What movie is this? It is an apocalypse movie I believe?
Please name this Clint Eastwood film?
What was the movie??
Does the movie Tangled mention Repunzles real name?
What horror movie is this?
When will Haven season 4 be released on Netflix?
Help please, where 2 find??*?
when in the lion king movie did they do the song \can you feel the love tonight\?
Are there any movie easter eggs in Frozen?
I looking for a black and white vintage future film?
Does Endless love have sex scenes?
Its a movie or tv show.I don`t remember much,in fact i remember almost nothing.So the thinkgs i know:its reall?
Is The Exorcist scary?
Why Are There So Many Horror Movies?
Who the film of bolywood box office highest income ?
Is there a site where it tells you the movie completely?
Who the first film of srk ?
Can you name this film? A group of adventurers go to the jungle and are pursued by cannibals.?
what kind of car is the yellow one in the movie Joe Dirt?
Is the picture i attached from a movie? If so, what's the name of the movie?
Hi I need a name for a short film I'm directing.... Any suggestions?
Is Interior. Leather Bar real?
Best place to write blog/write film reveiws?
What movie could this be?
Coming of age movies?
what movies to watch?
Did Paul Walker really say \If one day the speed kills me, do not cry because I was smiling\?
Which movie is this? The title.?
Insurance is an expensive and sometimes confusing aspect of movie making. Explain.?
What movie/tv show cliches are you sick of seeing?
isnt recording a movie like downloading one because your're keeping the movie?
How to record 2 people talking? (Filmmaking)?
Movies with this plot?
Could robocop short circuit if forced to drink milk?
USA Netflix on iphone 5?
What movie/series is this girl from?
Who is more important: Producer or Director (Movies)?
What are you favorite disney love songs and who are your favorite Disney couples?
How old were Hugh Grant in the film Notting Hill 1999?
Looking for a film, can you help?
From which movie is this gif from?
How many Juliette Binoche movies have you seen?
My Bloody Valentine (1981) VS The Prowler (1981)?
What movies do you like?
In Forrest Gump, why didn't Little Forrest have Aids too?
Your favorite Twilight movie?
What is your favourite horror movie?
What movie is about a woman who is turned into a model?
What are average good movies ?
What does the guy that sells Forrest Gump the boat say to him?
Help with short film? 5 stars?
Do you know this movie?
Old western movie .. What is it?
Star Wars dvd help (original DVD search)?
Does anyone wish the procedure in the Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind movie was real?
Why has the American Public lost interest in Westerns?
why are dvd and blu-ray movies getting altered and having different artwork than the theatrical posters?
I need help finding the name of a horror movie.?
Help! Who is this guy??? 10 POINTS?!?!?
Few years back I saw a movie but don't remember the Title Help me out.. Description follows..?
How are OSTS for movies, animes, etc made?
What's the longest movie you've ever seen?
Whats the movie where they're both spies but they don't know the other is one?
Tv shows similar to Adventure Time, Amazing world of Gumball and Gravity Falls?
are they really making a jeepers creepers three?
What are some old monster movies?
How to find this Italian movie?
What are your favorite Star Wars movies (in order)?
Will Disney ever release their movies from the 1990s to the early 2000s to DvD or Blu Ray?
What's Hannibal and House of cards about?
what are some good movies to watch?
After I watch a movie I feel like the character?
What movie has a scene where a person is calling a butler just to have them do something trivial?
how do i write action in a screenplay?
What is a good fighting movie like Never Back Down?
metal song in the movie 2 guns?
What if I sell sweded movies in a video store?
What movie scene is this ?
I want to make a movie?
What is another epic franchise?
Please suggest a VERY funny movie which would make me go LMAO?
Horror movies that are more creepy than scary without all the jumpscares and stuff.?
Can you help me name this animated movie??
Any Good Gangster Movies?
Step Up Revolution Dress?
need help with s movie title?
How scary is the movie V/H/S?
Who can tell me what this movie is?
Free online movies, yes or no?
help me name this movie?
Does anyone knows this childhood film?
Name of an old 1940's to 1960's movie?
What happens to wolverine's claws?
What are some of the strangest/weirdest movies you've seen?
any one know a movie named GAME , and Coma?
What romance movie is this?
Can people survive after losing all their senses?
title of clown horror movie on neflix?
Is The Notebook any good?
what are some good movies to watch? NOTHING SCARY !?
I cry more for human deaths than animals deaths in a movie?
What movie is this from? Or, who are the actors? (it's a gif)?
Can't Remember a movie name?
Giant mountian size people chasing a car thorough the mountians...What movie is it from?
Film Director/Production Self Study Guide?
What are Your Top Ten 80s' Films?
what horror movie is this from?
What movie is this scene from?
im looking for a movie about a hostage that was shown in 3 parts because every part was 1 1/2 hour long?
Movie about a deaf woman?
Is it just me, or are a lot of kids/family films better than most films made for adults?
Can you help me identify this alien movie?
If there was a Grand Theft Auto film, who do you think should direct it?
What is the movie Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon about?
Can a 15 Year old and 16 Year old Watch a Rated R Movie?
Good movie to watch please?
anyone sick of bays constant mutilation of g1 characters?
Does anyone know the name of this movie?
Which Disney movie had a Frozen easter egg?
what is the name of the song that plays at the end of the film face off?
a good film to watch?
When does season 9 of bones come out on Netflix?
Any movies with \change\?
Name of a film about this cartoon pie who can change its flavour?!???!?
Could you list your fav Iranian Movies?
Question about \Kung Fu Panda 2\?
Need help with a movie name PLEASE!?
A few film suggestions?
how long will it take for a movie to be in iTunes?
Do you think Leonardo DiCaprio will win his first Oscar next month?
Is anyone from the wizard of oz still living?
has anyone seen the new movie robocop? i have a question...?
The Creeper(Jeepers Creeper) vs The T-1000?
Why are there random animals in old movies?
Any high school romance movies that are good?
What 80's/90's movie features a robotic teenager who can read a book just by flipping through the pages?
Was that James Brolin playing the part of Josh Brolin at the end of the movied when he is released from prison?
Marvel movies vs DC movies?
Does anybody know the name of this movie?
I have a question about the film 'Leon'?
what was the alternate ending to best man holiday?
Any good teen movies?
What would you rate these movies out of 10?
What is the most terrifying modern movie you've ever seen?
How can I get this movie out of my head so I can sleep?
Gonna watch Star Wars for the first time?
What's this movie called?
Dont you hate when you show a movie you love to someone?
What seems to be the opinion the producers of the movie Casablanca have towards WW2?
World War Z, safe zone?
Whats the terror movie about a thief trying to steal a trapped house?
The Hunger Games 2, holes in the story - Why would the wire spool stop?
movie about losing ur virgnity :)?
what movies where filmed in nc?
Some examples of Kohlberg's Stage 3 and/or 4 in movies?
Anyone know these movies?
Any really good horror movies?
I cant remember the name of this Sci-fi movie, but I remember a scene from it.?
What is the name of this American movie, the man with magical glasses?
Do you know what this movie is called?
Looking for movie about juvie kids sent to clean up old building, who then start getting killed (Horror).?
How do you become a super reviewer on rotten tomatoes?
Will there be a second renaissance of Disney animation films?
Does Netflix have The Walking Dead?
What is a movie which will scare me?
Harry Potter: Who is your favorite character?
What comedy movie is this? (2012 or 2013)?
when will the man from uncle movie preimere?
Do you think the Amazing Spiderman 2 is going to be good?
Will there ever be a VAn Wilder 4?
Do you think parents watch videos of there kids that become adult film stars?
Some really funny movie scenes I can watch on Youtube?
I'm looking for a movie where there's a man that has had the same daily routine for 12 years. Anyone?
Film 'Lost Boys' - are Corey Haim & his brother the Lost Boys ?
What is the name of the movie where this guy goes to jail in the 1900s and released in the 1950s?
Is \Fight Club\ a satirical allegory of the sport of boxing?
The Warriors GAME (based off movie) question?
What movie should I watch tonight?
What do you feel the British film industry is lacking?
hillarious mobies for my freind?
What do you think of the movie \Awaydays\?
How come they can't make a C-3P0 that can walk and act by itself?
Are you ready for the Zombie Apocalypse?
in the movie \Lethal Weapon 3\ Renee Russo Says \Close is a lingerie shop without a front window.\?
Any good, modern spy films?
Movies about rapes and sexual abuses in Psychiatric hospitals and mental institution (like blood night 2009)?
What's this sci-fi movie?
There was this movie and I can't remember what it is called?
do you know this movie?
What are the movies that you must see before you die?
Have you seen the movie 'the Maritime Silk Road'?
Do you know the title of this documentary?
Does kal ho na ho has a sad ending?
Does anyone in their 20s like the 70s music and some shows besides me?
what are the best movies of 2013 to 2014?
i forgot the name of this horror movie!?
what is the science fiction movie?
watching actresses and thinking about them in bad way, how control it?
Name of an English film?
Can you love a fictional character from Harry potter?
Do Odeon Cinemas generally ask for ID for 18-rated films?
I once heard the only interesting movie the industry ever made was Harvey Keitel in Bad Lietenant?
Why is it some movies take FOREVER to either come out or be made? I know some examples that took a decade or?
Will there be a Jurassic park 4?
would you pls help me to find some gpod movies about cars and street racing?
Romantic parts/couples in movies?
What is the name of this documentary about lions(very long summary)?
Poll: Which Disney movie has your favorite soundtrack?
Did Hitchcock get ideas for his films from watching his wife through blinds?
really scary/creepy movies?
What's your favorite Superhero movie of all time?
online movies are choppy?
what's this disney channel movie?
What are some recent romantic movies?
What are some good Camelot movies?
Blue tint to the first Twilight?
Will Elsa become the 13th Disney Princess?
What are some recent romantic movies?
What's The Name Of This Movie?
Tell me a movie that i won't regret watching?
is it possible to know what each film producer exactly did in a film production ?
Name of a movie with a group of kids, 90's-2000 one discovers she's a 'princess' because of ear mark?
girl scalped a guy in a car+horror movie. its an old horror movie?
Why do movie stars get paid so much?
Ever After: A Cinderella Story?
Is Lego the movie suitable for all ages or just for small kids?
Best...worst...tearjerker movies?
What is the name of this film?
Anybody notice this in the movie Old School?
Is this a good idea for short film?
Any girls/women here who love 2001: A Space Odyssey?
Ideas for a short film?
Anyone would want to recommend me a movie to watch?
Anyone would want to recommend me a movie to watch?
how old do you have to be to watch the purge anarchy in theathers?
What about killing Pumpkinhead directly by blowing/chopping it/him into pieces & even burn the pieces/remains?
which is your best hollywood movie?
Tips for a movie marathon?
Which movie to watch?
I can't remember the name of this movie!!?
What are some good recent thriller movies?
In the movie crocodile Dundee there's a song that goes \I'm a wild one \\ what's the name of the song?
No it's not 7 pounds, the song can get the man back to the car to try to save her ! at the end he lost hearing?
What is the name of this 80's or 90's children's movie?
In movie yeh jawani hai deewani?
What popular movies did you...?
i'm going to the cinema , WHAT TO WATCH THAT AWKWARD MOMENT OR ENDLESS LOVE OR AMERICAN HUSTLE ?
Could anyone please suggest movies where the characters have strong Queens accents?
What is the name of an old movie where a boy flies an aircraft that looks like a glass sphere?
WHAT IS THIS MOVIE CALLED:?
are there any movies about journey of Columbes ?
Rodan in Godzilla (2014)?
Movies like pacific rim?
In the movie \the worlds end\ what is each of the guys job?
Am I the only one would want to see a Batman vs. Predator movie?
hunger games which team are you on????
How to file a case on a movie named \ HOSTEL\???
Question about the movie \Million Dollar Baby\?
What Are Some Good movies about Teen Pregnancy?
Will/should Suzanne Collins write a prequel to the Hunger Games?
i need to know this movies name?
How is the picture Gunday. Has anybody seen it?
top 3 Romantic comedy English Movie 2013?
Is the new RoboCop movie going to make a big profit?
Something bout Daniel Radcliffe...?
How often does your favorite movie change?
Is The Place Beyond the pines a good movie?
-poll- Do you consider \ My Big Fat Greek Wedding \ to be a chick flik?
Why do iPhones have the same lock screen picture in movies?!?
I wanted to ask about a movie; can someone help me out?
Does anyone know the name if this movie? Please help!?
What happens at the end of the Wall-E movie? I missed about the last half hour?
I doubt anyone here will know this movie, but it's worth a try?
How does The Mummy series of movies tie in with The Scorpion King series?
Foriegn horror movie about hell?
what is the name of this movie?
What should I wear to an interview at a local movie theater...?
Is Suspiria (1977) a good horror movie?
What's the movie called where all crime is legal for 24 hours?
what is this movie called?
What is the best Romantic Comedy?
What should I watch on netflix?
movie about a teenager and a father (who had that kid in his teens)?
Romantic movies to make me cry on valentines day?
What did you think when Tena pulled Freddy Kreugers face off then he laughed?
Why won't my movie transfer?
Why won't my movie transfer?
Why won't my movie transfer?
Is there an online video of Schindler's List?
I need some awesome movies. Any suggestions?
Where is this gif/picture from?
I can't remember the name of a movie that i watched about a desert huntdown.?
What backpack does jonah hill wear in 21 jump street?
What are good broken hearted movies to watch on netflix ?
Hunter/gatherer movies?
I need list of movies with genre of most thriller and suspense....can anyone post?
Recommended shows to watch on netflix?
Can somebody help me to find this movie?
what is the name of this movie from the 90s?
Psychological summary of the movie the life of david gale?
Movies like the secret world of Ariety?
what is the name of this movie from the 90s?
the noble collection website?
Netflix or Hulu Plus?
Was the fourth kind based on true events?
Some good scary movies?
Am I the only person who thinks horror movies are all becoming the same?
Looking for a movie??HELP!!?
i need more movies to watch.?
What would be a good title for this script?
Mockingjay Part 1 and 2 movie?
Which movie is this? Heeelp?
Is there an the Iron Giant non animated movie?
netflix show recommendations for a teen girl?? thanks much?
What's the name of the song in Triplets of Belleville when the Grandma is making the kid's bed?
Vampire academy?!?!?!?!?!?
Movie trailer on the newe?
Is The Streets Of Fire (1984) a good movie?
What´s the name of a movie where some girls from a fratarnity make an underwear party and kill a guy?
What is the maximum amount of movies an accomplished actor can release in a year?
How long are the credits for the Lego movie?
What are some good movies with great singers?
Anybody know this movie!?
Was the girl in \The Messenger: The Story of Joan of Arc\ being lead by Satan the whole time?
what is the scariest movie and funniest you have viewed?
Which Texas Chainsaw Massacre movie do you like better?
Help, I watched human centipede?
What are your favorite Disney Animation Studios movies?
what jacket is Batista wearing in \House of the Rising Sun\?
What was the original ending?
What are your top ten favorite movies?
What is the movie called with a castle and brother and sister from 90's a horror movie?
What are your favorite movies directed by Sam Raimi?
Where is this scene from?
What is the name of thiis movie?
question about harry potter movies?
Good movies to watch on Valentine's day alone?
Does anyone know what these kinds of videos are called?
What version of Cinderella is this?
What would you do in a zombie takeover?
song name from Bruce Lee movie?
What are some of the best Romance movies made?
What Australian History represented in the movie Red Dog?
What is the difference between YIFY's 1080p and 720p Movies?
Movies with misanthropistic villains?
Which Martial Art Does Jason Statham Did in film Homefront?
Emphasizing on Windows Movie Maker?
Do you think the new Star Wars movies will be any good?
Is Saw 8 a rumour, or is it confirmed?
why has netflix gone from my tablet when iam up to date with payments .When I click onto a film I get an error?
any chance of a justice league movie?
How do i stop the download of the HD version of a movie on i tunes?
How do i stop the download of the HD version of a movie on i tunes?
What are some good horror movies on Netflix?
The A-Team Movie - Murdock?
Movies with extroverted main characters?
can you guys give me a list of popular girly movies?
why does Netflix suck so much?
Name of movie about nursery rhymes?
What's the name of this film?
If the movie The Purge were real, what would happen to the Sandin family?
Movies about traveling?
Cant remember the movie -_-?
Frozen: In the scene where wolves are chasing them (location)?
Have you seen Lady Terminator awesome movie?
Could this be the moral of the film ?
How much would you rate these actors out of 100?
Was it just me or was the movie The Canyons terrible?
What is your favorite Cheesey Movie?
What are your thoughts on the movie Trick R Treat?
Good movies on Netflix?
Evil Toons or Demonic Toys which film is better?
Do you think I can watch Black Swan?
If you like Russ Meyers have you seen The Immortal Mr Teas?
Name of this movie? Help?
Have you seen the movie Blitzkrieg?
Your opinions on the film making group Astron-6?
Can anyone help me with the title of this movie?
What are your two favorite movies of all time?
Did anyone else here like the Troma movie Terror Firmer?
Movie title help???!?!?!?
V/H/S or V/H/S 2 which one did you like better?
Has anyone seen Angeleyes with Ponch from CHIPS?
Is it wrong of me to have enjoyed the short film Aftermath?
What is this movie called about aliens?
What movie am I thinking of?
Good idea for a film?
Am I the only person who didn't like Toy Story?
What are some good (recent!!) scary movies?
What is the name of this English language movie about a girl who has heart surgery and later kills her father?
original halloween film fans?
Why was Katniss mad at Finnick in the end of Catching fire?
Al Pacino vs Robert De Niro , who potrays a better gangster in ur opinion?
hi, I need some help with a movie.?
What film is this?!?!?!?!?
hello, I neeed some help with a movie .?
Any sad movie? please?
which harry potter movie is the best?
What's that movie with the jerk vegetarian who brings his own Tupperwared meals to his mom's dinner?
How to quit being scared of a movie?
is there room for piracy loophole?
any movies like this? HELP!?
Are people really turning in to people like the movie idiocracy?
Any good movie suggestions?
Should a person with hypocondria watch the movie Dallas Buyer's Club?
Top ten sexiest movies?
Please tell me the name of the film?
Why did Cobra Commander leave Destro in that prison?
WHAT SOUNDTRACK IN WOLF OF WALLSTREET !!!?
what are some good movies like perks of being a wallflower?
What is your favorite romance movie?
When will Need For Speed movie come to UK cinemas?
any super horror movies?
thoughts on \The Purge: Anarchy?
When is Season 9 of how I met your mother comes out on netflix?
What movie should I watch?!?
what is this movie title?
What are your top 20 movies of all time?
Good apocalyptic movies/tv shows??
Who is the Character in office space who stutters, got fired but still works, loses his stapler, and...?
What's the name of this movie?
Name a movie that everyone should have seen?
What are some good movies rated pg or pg 13?
What happens when you buy movie tickets and then the theatre closes?
The Maze Runner Movie?
Tell some inspirational movies which can boost confidence to work hard?
Is it totally true that actors can't act in movies?
about a song in the new movie 'endless love'?
want to download english audio track of \forrest gump\ help!?
What year was the motion picture Creep Show released?
Is Saw 8 a rumour, or is it confirmed?
Films like taken, unknown ?
Which was your favorite part of \G.I.Joe : Retaliation\?
Name of a movie help?
Interstellar question?
American Horror Story 2?
Terrence Bartlett made a film called Facelift. How can I get a copy ?
Where can I download movies on my blackberry?
Movies simmlar to fire with fire (1986)?
what is the story of twins Arnold film?
Suggest me some amazingly comedy films?
Hollywoodism at its peak?
What is this animated movie called ?
What is this animated movie called ?
How do I ask permission from J.K Rowling to use some element of Harry Potter for my own story?
In the movie 2012(2009), how many days did the various disasters last? Did it happen in a week?
Where can I download Scott Pilgrim vs. the World (film)?
What's good to watch on Netflix?
Do you think Leo will be granted for the Wolf film in Academy Awards finally?
I don't understand the ending of prison break?
Whats that movie please click and help!?
what is that movie called with a african american man who predicts a bridge collasping into a river also their?
No chance for Lone Ranger Sequel?
Is there any such era in bollywood?
For those who have seen both: the original Robocop and the new one, what did you think of the new one?
Help me find this movie?
Did Snape make the Unbreakable Vow before or after Dumbledore asked him to kill him?
I need brilliant, mind-blowing movies. Any suggestions?
what is the name of this horror movie?
Is anyone been angered by the crusible?
Movie on Netflix Thriller/Mental Hospital?
What would have become of Jason Voorhees if he was never pushed into the lake?
I need help figuring out which movie this is?
Horror movie name help?
What movie is the best????????????????????
I don't kno wt to name my movie?!?
in dirty dancing is johnny with baby or penny?
Kick-Ass movie character question?
B&W Horror Movie about a man with two heads around 1950s?
What are some recently released movies?
what movie is this???
How to find a movie name. i know only some part of its story?
what movie is this from?
What movie is this? Irish old guy avenges death of daughter?
what theaters will tinkerbell the pirate fairy play in?
Is Malcolm McDowell the most disaapointing actor ever?
What kind of projection system is used in movie theaters today - film stock, disc, or digital?
What's your favorite \National Lampoon\ movie?
running out of movies to watch?
A harry enfield movie I belevie?
What are your Top 5 favorite Comedy movies?
Who is this girl? What is her name?
Any good classic movies?
What good movie or documentary do you recommend me?
Why Samantha leaves Theodore in \her\ movie?
Anime romance movies not connecting to shows?
Whats this lifetime movie?
Suppose i was using someone wifi, qatching movie,downloading through ipohn does they history wat i m watchin.?
What Movie Is This....?
Why is joaquin phoenix so good?
Which High School Musical films are on Netflix?
What movie is this? Nuclear bomb, Tom cruise??
Will they ever make a Spider-Man movie featuring carnage?
Any movies like Princess Mononoke?
PLEASE!!! WHAT IS THIS MOVIE CALLED?!?!?!?!?
The Lego Movie vs. RoboCop? Which will Win?
Movies like motorcrossed and shes the man ?
What movies have kept you from getting to sleep that night?
What is this movie? (10 points!)?
looking for a old black and white Dracula movie...?
What was Fear Island rated?
Can you please help me??!!?
500 Days of Summer help?
What is this movie about a dog that dies at the end?
What movie is this? Anyone know what it is?
Any movies like WHAT LIES BENEATH?
What is the name of the movie about a woman with a dragonfly tattoo?
Film Music Suggestions?
Who was the last movie star you saw in a movie?
What are some historical liberties in the movie The Patriot?
What do I do at this point?
What are some really good sad movies to watch?
What Is Your Opinion On The Fault In Our Stars, and the Movie Trailer?
Why can't i watch a movie in widescreen (16:9 aspect ratio) with subtitles ?
What is the best parody/spoof movie made?
Old movies to watch like The Princess Bride?
Ideas for script (read info)?
Do you like the movie despicable me?
What is Divergent rated?
Examples of period drama/romance?
Which movie is better?
Which movie is better?
When was the movie \Scottrade Options First Contact\ released? Yahoo has the movie details but not the release?
What is your favorite old black and white film?
Can I Use Netflix in Other Countries?
would you be interested in a Chip 'n' Dale movie in the style of Alvin and the Chipmunks?
Trap for Cindarella movie 2013?
What would Aragorn and Legolas be like as parents?
Looking for a western movie?
Looking for any movies similar to the following that I have already watched.?
Who is the best director ever in your opinion?
John Candy`s best movie?
What is your favorite movie?
A movie of a guy who lost his wife in car accident while they're listening to a song,the song gets him bk?
What bank robbery movie did I watch?
what man is the most sexy in the new star wars movies such as the phantom menace?
When I watch Netflix on my laptop, it's all blurry and fuzzy?
What are the chances of family movies becoming dominant in Hollywood?
What are some Big Budget Movies that flopped?
Blu-ray disc movie freeware?
What would you like to see in a zombie movie?
Any suggestions for cool heist movies?
what did the actor charles bronson die from?
Breaking Bad: Why did Walt choose the name Heisenberg?
Is Redbox Instant similar to Netflix? Which is better?
What are some of the more obscure b-movies?
Whats a good realistic racing movie?
Oldboy 2013 ending please explain?
Why would a Doctor be on the run from the cops?
Anyone know this film? I think the name of it is just a single word. It's set in America.?
I need help creating a story synopsis about Pearl Harbor movie?
ideas for informative essay on a public figure?
Did you feel ''Lincoln'' was a Smart Movie?
I hate this world, it's boring and no MAGIC like in movies, games. who agree?
When will the new Robocop, be in the movie theatres?
good movies for a pre teen to watch?
who's your favorite gang member in the movie, the warriors?
Where is this movie quote from?
who were good and bad movie star role modles of the 80s and 90s?
what is the best historically correct mafia movie?
What are the dominant companies/corporations in the film industry.?
Who are new line cinemas top 3 competitors?
can't remember the name of a movie, please help!!?
looking for alien film titel?
Dont know the name of these titles?
Dont know the name of these titles?
What movie is this? i have a link on youtube of scenes from it in the desc?
is B Howard related to Michael Jackson?
is season 4 of the walking dead on netflix? if not will it be?
Which one of these Disney/Pixar movies do you prefer watching?
In your opinion, what's the last decent horror movie made? Even if that means as long ago as say, the exorcist?
How do I subscribe for the American version of Netflix?
what movie is the man with the dynamite in this meme from?
The Exorcist scariest movie of all time?
how many languages can Indiana Jones speak?
should there be a new Supergirl movie?
avengers movies vs dark knight trilogy?
Is there any new horror movie that is worth watching?
What's the title of the Classical Music played on the First Class Lounge scene from the movie \Titanic\?
whats the movie coming out tomorrow?
I didn't like raging bull?
What's the saddest movie you have seen so far?
Harry Potter readers please explain?
Can you name this movie (football movie, racial segregation)?
i need the name of a movie?
What is the name of this monster movie?
Pirates of the Caribbean questions?
What's it like to watch a 3d movie (SBS)?
Psychological war movie recommendation?
did they get out of the desert in scenic route?
Which movie/video/series is it?
What movie is \I noticed your gangster I'm pretty gangster myself'\ from??
WHERE CAN I WATCH FREE ONLINE MOVIES ON MY IPAD?
Is there any way I could give my movie Ideas and get paid?
What are the chances of Christian and family movies becoming dominant in Hollywood?
Japanese actor and an American or European actor in one series or movie?
tumblr gif of girl crying?
movie about a girl who gets kidnapped and is being hunted by the kidnapper?
What does \bolly\ (as in Bollywood) mean?
I've been trying to figure out what this movie is:?
What order do the Avenger films events actually happen?
what's the name of the french film....?
\Ender's Game\ Why did they recruit children to fight the Formics?
Do you collect autographs of your favorite Movie stars?
Looking for 1980's or early 90's movie?
The funniest movie ever!!?!?
Did you hear on Letterman that Kevin Costner is the biggest movie star in the world?
Titanic fans: do you like the character ...?
please tell me asite where i can download full cencored movies?
Whats the song playing on the radio in the car in the beginning of the movie Urban Legend, the 1998 film?
Can I get arrested for sneaking into a movie?
Is there any way I can watch movies online with out using any mbs?
What is that movie called?
anyone know from which movie this is?
Movie where they meet Scooby Doo gang?
Movie where man is a con artist. Had a tan colored suit.?
Can someone give my their opinion about this strange event at my local movie theatre?
Can a parent take their child to see an R18+ film in Australia?
is there anywhere that i can watch frozen... backwards?
what are some cute love story movies you know of????
What are some movies that transform 'ugly' people into pretty ones?
why were The Hobbit movies only filmed in New Zealand?
In The Other Boleyn Girl, why did they darken the room when Mary was \lying in\ with her pregnancy?
Frontier Movies (Similar to, but not Wild Westerns)?
When I sing a song why doesn't an orchestra start playing like in the movies?
Which would u like to see in a movie?
Help me find Indian movie?
What's the name of this movie?
what happened to the fim industry of the world?
some good movies to watch?
Have you felt personally victimized by Regina George?
Is my short film any good!!?
What horror movie is this? (Asian girl who died in an apartment? waiting for a guy who came back as a ghost)?
What exactly makes a sarcastic comedy movie?
How to Convince a place to let you film?
What is this movie??????
you are my sunshine in movie?
When should season 9 of how I met your mother come out on netflix?
Help !! What is name of this movie ?
What's the name of this movie?
DVD with red/cyan glasses?
Need help finding the name of a Cartoon Network movie?
anyone got any info on the new star wars movie?
what are some movies about teens traveling like LOL and what a girl wants?
In Transformers: Dark of the Moon, how does Sentinel Prime know English?
What?! Jimeoin. Where did all the footage go?
Does anyone know the name of a certain song from the movie, \Perks of Being A Wallflower\?
Good chickflicks? :)?
What are some really good movies with nothing bad in them?
Anyone know this movie?
How Old Should A Kid Be To Watch THG and Twilight?
What's this movie Released in 2013?
Film-noir villains question part 2?
How could Bluto be a senator with a 0.0 GPA?
Sandler`s best films........?
need a new tv show to watch?
How to film in first person perspective?
What is the act of love in the movie Frozen?
Typical Government Car in 50s?
The Outsider's Movie?
Old black and whitish movies?
whats the name of this movie?
How to get into film making?
everything is everything by Lauryn Hill was a soundtrack to which movie?
Which would you choose?
i cant remember this zombie movie ugh!!!?
I need a really emotional movie?
Have they every done a film where Jesus was black?
Teen comedy movies? Help!?
Good cyberstalking films or stalking films?
what nazi movie might this be?
Creepy SciFi or horror movie?
Will the Veronica Mars movie eventually air in every theater?
What disney movie should I watch?
I want to know the name of a sci fi movie about a giant rock or crystal formation.?
How scary is The Ring?
help me identify a movie?
In the movie \Peter Pan\ is Never land heaven?
Does anybody know which Hercules film is this?
Who would win in a Star Wars fight?
What's this movie called (90's)???
Does anyone know what this movie is? It's similar to fear?
Can't remember cast of Die Hard 2?
looking for the name of a film with Eli Wallach in it .I remember him at the end of the film up in the clouds?
for the ps3 if you have netflixs, could you delete movies that you have watch....?
movies about rich guy/girl falling in love with poor guy/girl?
What is the name of this movie?
What's a good, interesting movie with Leonardo DiCaprio?
Best paid movie website?
What is the name of this movie?
What is your favorite movie from 60's 70's and 80's?
What is this English Movie?
What is this quote from?
Super Hero teen movie? (Boy can make red rings from body)?
Is the fault in our stars movie being released in Canada? Release Date?
hope someone saw this movie?
Tell me some Very good thriller movies to watch?
Will all movies ever be completely digital?
whats this movie name?
Need help with a scary film!?
What film can you see winning best picture at the 86th academy awards?
Suugest me some movies please?
In the titanic movie what did it mean when the crewmen said \Keep the breakers in?\?
Can you name a movie that begins with a narrator explaining the protagonist's life?
Breaking Bad? Please help!?
Does anyone could help me to find a movie's title?
When having two characters confronting each other in a film, where should they look?
vintage \Eyes Wide Shut' alike movies?
Didn't Bond girl names have old world charm compared to Austin Powers' girls?
Looking for a film.. ????? Forgive me if my description is kinda long. Any ideas?
what is your favorite 80's movie?
Teen movies big list?!?
is they other songs about wolves?
When does Vampire Academy the movie come out in Ireland?
What is your favourite romantic movie that is taken from fiction or is made up and put on screen from nowhere?
Do you think its wrong to make a horror movie about Tasmanian Devils?
Why does music from certain TV movies and recordings sound a semitone higher?
Star Trek vs. Star Wars?
Film with satan needing a child? Carries a demonic cane that changes shape for the children.?
where can i buy the doberman gang on dvd?
What is name of the comedy movie,maybe on a sub) had screen door and dutchboy painting. and holodeck.1990s?
What is one movie you can't watch because it makes you cry?
moonmoon sen acted in blue film?
what as the name of that horror film..?
Have you ever seen a spectrum of colors produced by a soap bubble or by the oily film on a water pond in a par?
Does anyone know the title of a movie where a asian man fights to save a girl from slavery?
Do I have to watch X Men (2000) so I can understand X Men (2014) ?
Does anyone know what this movie is called its similar to fear?
who's your favourite sixteen candles character?
What documentry is this?
Movie that plays Vegas Girl by Conor Maynard?
What is the name of the old movie where a guy carries a girl into the sunset at the end?
What is the title of this unusual ghost movie?
Why has the director used flash black of Steven Biko even after his death?
Film-noir villains question?
Should I watch \127 Hours\ or Slacker?
What movie would my 92 year old mother like?
Will Hollywood make a movie like Traitor, where the suicide bomb trainer kills 21 pupils while teaching them?
Films like Brokeback Mountain or Beautiful Thing?
what is the song playing in the movie pineapple express when dale denton is crying on the phone with his girl?
when is human centipide 3 coming put?
Name of the war movie...?
I need help finding a Chinese Martial Arts Movie?
When does transformers 4 come out?
There's a movie where there's people on a planet and they can't go out side because there's no sun.?
what movie is this from?
whats the name of this gory horror movie?
What are the top film companies in the world?
What is the name of this comedie movie ?
Do you want to build a snowman?
I need help finding a couple of sad teen movies, I can only watch them on youtube aswell.?
Is the spinning bird pendant in \Street Fighter: Legend of Chun-Li\ real, where do they sell them?
few years back i saw a movie now it's 2 years that i'm searching for this movie but no luck plz help?
Need help for a movie name?
what is the name of this movie ?
World War II Short Film?
how come i can't find any of the Woman in the box movies on DVD?
Do you think the movie Cyber Bully could have been better if it was a sad ending?
Why did Lucio Fulci release Zombie and Zombi 2?
So, I watched a weed movie a long time ago but I can't remember the name.?
In Ghost in the Shell, what does the laughing man do? Why does he kill the people?
Is my short film any good!!?
Are movies in todays society just based off remakes and books?
Where is this .Gif from?
Male characters losing a shoe when climbing a fence?
How would u survive in a zombie apocalypse?
Do you think a vampire in a Japanese movie would be botrayed better?
10 points to the best answer! Suggestions for movies that will have me sobbing..?
Which mob movie was it?
faking scenes in movies?
Does Anyone Out There Think That There's Even a Slight Chance That The Rest of The Narnia Books Will be Movies?
What movie am I thinking of?
What disney movie is this from?
In the movie Saving Private Ryan?
What is Eustace in Narnia?
Which movie is better, Speed or Terminator 2?
Good valentines day movies?
whats the movie called with an x in it?
Do any dbz dvd sets have the faulconer opening theme?
Need the name of an old B&W WW2 movie?
Do you think National Treasure would have been better as a TV show?
Good Movies To watch ?
I'm looking for a special Pole Dance in a movie?
Good Movies for a teen girl?
What is the name of salman khans first movie?
Whats the name of this movies ?
Is there going to be a movie about Tinker Bell meeting Peter Pan?
What is the scariest newer movie on netflix?
Any movies that deals with suicide and Depression or Self harm?
what is the name of that movie?
To become a filmmaker, do I really need to go to film school?
What is the name of this movie?
Netflix says \Too many people are using your account right now\?
Which movies better, Chevy Chase Christmas Vacation or Vegas Vacation?
What is the name of this movie?
What horror movie is this?
will whenthe movie be over?
How do I forget a movie or a sad event?
What film are you most anticipating for the rest of 2014?
Quentin Tarantino vs. James Cameron?
What do you think about - 12 Years a Slave ?
What do you think about \The Wolf of Wall Street\?
Is it compulsory to watch Valentine Day Movies ?
What movie scares you the most ?
What year does the film Dredd take place?
Does DVD still get all the new releases or Blu Ray only?
any new movie( 1990s and later) that similar to Napoleon Dynamite or Bruce Almighty?
what movie is this from?
What was Rose's last name in Titanic at the end of the movie?
have you seen the movie \TOAD ROAD\...?
Where was cell in movie 8?
Can anyone help me with name of movie I forgot?
Who sung the background music for spirit the horse movie?
movies not making sense?
I am looking for a name of a movie… B/W movie- comedy/mystery type, a detective involved?
What's the song that plays in the pool scene of \So Undercover\?
Romantic drama where lonely pop star sleeps with a waiter?
How can you tell when a movie is filmed in chroma key?
What is the worst parody/spoof movie of all time?
What are your memories of Shirley Temple? What was your favorite film of hers?
Does anyone know good movie series?
A film where a boy becomes an assassin to get revenge?
what are some movies with skeletons in it can you give me a list of movies with skeletons in it?
Do The Final Destination have a moral code or message?
Does this guy strike some resemblance to Japanese actor Hiroshi abe?
I am looking for a movie but I forgot the name!?
What is this movie plz help thanks :)?
so since Hoffman died, what will happen to the Mockingjay movies?
How can i mark or save movies in Netflix?
In the movie American Hustle, what is the title of the clubby song?
Looking for a good film that fits this criteria?
teen party movie ideas?
Which Star Wars movie is Princess Leia's holographic message?
How will you remember Shirley Temple?
What is the name of the movie please help?
Foreign vigilante doctor film?
In the movie \Now is Good\ does Tessa (Dakota Fanning) die? Or do they allow her to live at the end?
what can i watch on Netflix in my country (uk)?
where is the house / neighborhood from the movie \the watch\?
Guys! Help! 2014 top 10 Movie!!!!!!?
Help, I can't remember name of Canadian 2009 movie ?
What is the name of the song from Teen Wolf S03E18-Riddled when Stiles's dad finds out that he's son is sick?
What horror movie is this?
Is it true that, no more than 50 years ago, \Gone With the Wind\ was considered one of the greatest movies?
are there any other great woman prison films?
What is a good movie for Valentines day?
Help remembering this film?
What are the last few British films you have seen and where/how did you watch them?
Movies with awesome Special Effects ?
Any of you have thoughts on the passing of Shirley Temple?
Any lifechanging movies?
In the movies, what victim outsmarts the killer/bad guy really nicely?
Any lifechanging movies?
What fantasy movie is this?
Are they making a Heavy Rain movie?
were there any other good classic actresses that did film noir,s are that played femme fatale,s?
What is the name of this movie??
Hearing that sad news about Shirley Temple?
A Name For My Short Film?
Where is the Thor: The Dark World on Digital HD?
What's the name for the short Pixar film in Toy Story?
An entertaining film to watch?
I need help with a movie name?
Does anyone know the name of this movie?
Is Bad Grandpa just a bunch of clips put together?
I'm looking for this one certain movie I'v seen a preview, it's about 4 or 5 men that wake up in a room?
Movies Based on Korean Education System.?
WHat do you think about the film Pursuit of Happiness?
Movies to watch at a girl's 14th birthday party?
whose the complete cast of 2015 avengers movie?
What are your favorite vampire movies?
What are your favorite werewolf movies?
Is there going to be a 3rd Star Trek reboot movie?
What are your favorite remakes?
Trying to figure out how best and easiest to play movies?
What's the name of this film? helppp?
Really scary movie scene for science project? 10pts?
What is the title of this movie?
for people who acted in movies and plays?
What movie am I thinking about?
What movie is this image from?
What is the name of this movie?
game or film about humans being controlled by aliens?
film about a robotic monkey suit?
What are your favorite memories of Shirley Temple?
How big is the (average) crew for a feature Hollywood film?
I can not remember a time loop movie and need help.?
Stuck on a movie trivia question?
what program or film is this from?
Vampire Academy Movie?
walking dead 5 on Netflix?
80's-90's movie where a rich guy gets a prostitute for his sons birthday, but then he gets angry when his son?
is it illegal to use labels in movies and games unless a deal was made to?
copy movie videos to blue ray and dvd format?
does anyone know when is the divergent movie is going to release in egypt? please tell me as soon as possible?
PLEASE, SOMEONE, TELL ME THE NAME OF THIS MOVIE!!!!?
Where can I buy Napoleon Dynamite sweater/jumper?
Anyone know movies like The mortal instruments or twilight?
What movies that is like so undercover, monte carlo,starstruck or princess protection program?
How to make a movie trailer?
Which website is best for movie download?
Is Pulp Fiction the best movie ever?
What movie is this screenshot from?
What makes you want to watch a movie?
Film Trailers Copyright?
Can you suggest me Japanese movies/dramas, Taiwanese movies/dramas or Korean movies/dramas to watch?
What was the movie where the man gets shot next to a tree?
what were the turntable and amplifier featured in the film the mechanic?
what do you see in this woman face..?
is this a strange thing to do?
any one know what movie clip is this?
How would you rate these performances?
Need movies that have the \lost footages\ type please.?
Star Trek: Who is Spock Prime?
How can i stop thinking so much?
How can i stop thinking so much?
What movies influenced your view on Britain?
List of movies reffering to old times and contains magic?
What are some good horror movies?
please recommend a good movie that portrays a very convincing episode of REM Dream?
10 points to the best answer! Suggestions for movies that will have me sobbing..?
three letter horror movie?
I can't remember what this movie is, help please?
What is the name of that movie where aliens had everyone in a hologram of the real world?
Netflix free trial whats the catch?
Is their any Shows/Movies similar to Shameless on showtime? (10 points)?
How did Audrey Hepburn feel about homosexuality?
What movie am I thinking of?
Horror fans: Have you heard of The Babadook (trailer included)?
Best 3 Horror movies?
Should I watch Traffic or Trainspotting?
What is the song that is played at the very end of the movie \Crimes of Fashion\?
Does anyone know the name of the celebrity in this picture?
What is the movie...?
What's that movie called about the forcefield dimension!?! Very bothersome and can't figure it out?
Name this old Movie (title please)?
science fiction movies?
mind droping action movies like the a team?
What's the title of this movie?
Is there any indian film which is remade outside india?
Movie about mother and daughter around 2010s?
Workout movie motivation?
Is this short film any good!?
What is the music title of this harry potter trailer?
how do i file a complaint to disney?
Am I the only one who thinks the movie Cyberbully is un realistic?
in the movie electric dreams.what is the music playing in the background when miles first talks to edgar.?
Need suicidal movie suggestions?
What is the song played in the movie \House of Wax\?
good, new-ish movies for teen girls?
Favorite animated movie of all time?
Im looking for the name of a movie with Michael Myers?
What makes Harry Potter's cloak of invisibility significant?
Has the movie Palo Alto come out yet?
Why is gravity such a popular movie?
Is Jason Takes Manhattan the best Friday the 13th in the series?
Do you think that there should be a Hollywood version of Kuch Kuch Hota Hai?
what is the name of a movie that has vinwyard that is going to freeze they light fires and wear fans to move t?
Male characters losing a shoe when climbing a fence?
Is my short film any good!!?
Storm trooper armor!!?
How did 1983's Star wars episode 6 have 2005's Episode 3 Anakin Skywalker?
Is Wolverine Full Tang?
Why is Silver Linings Playbook rated R?
what year does the movie enders game take place?
Essay Help!! The Beauty of Movies?
Can anybody recommend some movies about natural disasters?
Is there a theatrical version of Donnie Darko available on DVD?
Help me find the name of this movie!?
Do I need to watch Thor The Dark World before Captain America The Winter Soldier?
Will the walking dead the series end?
Need a dispute settled. Rank these movies:?
Is Reddick a alien or human?
Movie Marathon ideas!?
any good crime films from the 1990's?
Male characters who have one shoe on?
Is Spring Breakers on Neflix?
What is the film called about a women going to see her unborn baby's fathers family?
Hey could anyone be a director, producer, writer, and actor of there own film or tv show.?
are you Tired of watcing bad movies?
Anyone know any movies similar to the Lord of the Rings and Narnia?
Why hasn't Doctor Who: Enemy of the World been released on DVD in US?
I want help to find a movie?
Steps to becoming a successful screenwriter?
why was the human centipede banned in the uk?
Any good crime, gangster, mob films?
Remember what movie this was?
spiderman 2099 movie?
Need help finding a movie?
Harry Potter Fan Film Copywrite?
Which Movie? 'Drive' or 'Looper'?
What do you consider to preachy in films and/or anime?
Help me find this movie?
What is the name of this movie? Something about Paris?
Do you like to dance in and out of puddles like Gene Kelly in\Singing in the Rain\ movie>?
What movie is this????
What is Peter Jackson doing to the Hobbit?
Where can I watch the short animated film \The Fall of the House of Usher\ by Raul Garcia?
Old animated film, goblin with a cement boot?
Old animated film, goblin with a cement boot?
Old animated film, goblin with a cement boot?
Watching ATM the movie scared to death now are there any panic features to an ATM?
I want a good love story.?
If a film running time is 100mins at the cinema (Lego Movie) does this include the pre-adverts? x?
what beer is this ? in this movie?
what are some good romance teen-ish movies on netflix?
What is a good movie if you liked Like Crazy?
If my film starts at 4:15, and is on for 100 mins, what time will it finish?
What are some gothic romance movies?
Godzilla movie? When is it coming out?
can you suggest me good recent western movies?
Can anyone tell me the name of this girl?
could Harry Potter have defeated Voldemort if he wasn't the true master of the elder wand?
what is the name of this movie?
im searching for a good movie?
Question for James Bond fans: do you think Mr. White will show up in new bond film?
Will you boycott Lego movie?
Will you boycott Lego movie?
Is this a god justice league fan film idea?
are there any lesser known actresses from the 1940s and 1950s?
Old romantic films!!!?
Does anyone know the exact date of release for The Usual Suspects in US/?
good films for teenage girls?
In the film Anna Karenina (2012) what is the box her husband alexi takes out at night and she says no alexi?
In the Book theif 2013 what are some of the songs Hans plays on his accordion ?
In the Book theif 2013 what are some of the songs Hans plays on his accordion ?
what are some good comedy and action/shooter movies to watch on Redbox Instant?
For those who have seen the movie Junebug.?
what is the best horror movie of all time? with crazy story.?
What are some romantic movies on youtube?
Where can i buy a BBC Sounds of the Sixties DVD?
whats the name of the alcatraz movie?
whats the name of the alcatraz movie?
What is the name of this movie?
Awesome movie suggestions?
shall I watch underworld(Movie) ?
Name of movie with a chef hired to cook a woman?
What is this film called?
what is your favorite part of the movie 13 going on 30?
Please help, should I throw this short film script I'm working on away and start from scratch?
what is that movie called where that rasict guy shoots himself in the head?
name of riddocks alien k9 in his recent movie?
WHAT WAS THE NAME OF MOVIE THAT TYREESE AND HUGH LAURIE PLAYED IN?
Do you have any idea about the dark side of Hollywood?
Rocky 1 vs Raging Bull?
Movie about a cop/detective with an unknown teenage daughter in japan?
what is the meenings of the name mehrin?
what is the meenings of the name mehrin?
I get this weird feeling after watching certain movies. What is it?
What stores sell old movies and tv series?
where was Brendan Fraser living in the movie journey to the center of the earth?
80s Horror Movie - Please HELP find name of movie.?
any movies with airplane hangars or empty hangars?
Good Movies about West Coast gangs?
whats your favorite movies?!?
Looking to guest blog on a movie review site.?
Is there a chance that Thranduil might die in the hobbit 3?
What's a scary horror movie scene i can use stand-alone for a science experiment? 10pts best answer?
Where can I sell my collection adult DVDs?
Why does nobody make a movie about the Africans colonizing south of Europe?
The most horror films in the history?
What musics/songs Hans plays with his accordion on the movie The Book Thief?
What is the name of this movie?
Is 'The Amazing Spider-Man' Movie Set in the Ultimate Universe?
what is this movie called?
Will there be a Geek Charming 2?
song from movie \nothing to lose\! help!?
What are the funniest movies from the 70's ?
What is this movie called?
I want to know any movies in which Peoples are lost in Jungle and Wolf /beast eats them one by one.?
I watched this movie 3 1/2 years ago i cant remember the name of it!! Help please?
hot movies names like on the road, or similar?
What is the weirdest movie you have seen?
What movie is this.................????????
Did anyone using Netflix Canada get an \important reminder\?
Which evil dead is better ? the original or the remake ??
Movie with floor falling in and the kid or kids are on stairs?
What is the name of this childhood animated movie?
Frozen fans: debate/discussion of Elsa's parents and powers?
what would happen if you keep watching f*ed up movies?
Does anyone know the name of this movie…?
Gravity was terrible?
I found out \The Swan Princess\ was based of \The Black Swan\?
Why can't I watch Netflix movies on the plane even with wifi?
Similar movies to Lotter Ticket ?
I didn't fully understand Metallica Through The Never?
what is the name of the song in the first 30 seconds of this movie?
Can soebody give me the names of movies especially made on rainy or cloudy weather?
Name of a movie help!!?
Where can i get the cat poster thats in the lego movie?
is \The Crazies\ a good film (2010)?
what happened to the prince of persia movie?
What older movie is this?
why is frozen SO overrated?
How do indie filmmakers cast celebrities in their movies?
What is a good sad movie that will make you cry?
Any quirky movie suggestions? Like Penelope?
batman: the dark knight robbery?
When does the movie the fault in our stars come out?
Someone please tell me which movie this is!! Points to best answer!?
How exactly do directors and producers choose cast members for a movie?
valentines day the movie any good?
Does anyone know the title of this movie?
Is the Sword Art Online movie worth watching?
Are they going to finally stop making emo-monster movies now?
what movie is this? can anybody help me?
Am I crazy for thinking the Imperial March from Star Wars sounds nearly identical to Ride of the Valkryies?
Movie about a teenage boy on antidepressants?
Name of movie where scacrecrow kills kids and puts them in garbage bags ?
Is it possible to have elsa's powers from the movie frozen?
Would you take the red or blue pill?
How can you describe Emma Stone's face?
The Raid: Redemption?
What was the movie it was kinda cheesy but a soda machine shot cans of soda killing ppl?
What are all of the Lord of The Rings movies in order?
need help with a movie?
The ButterFly Effect?
Help to find this movie?
If you saw the movie dark skies?
I am trying to remember the name of a horror movie i saw a while ago, set in a hospital or asylum?
What is the name of the song in Kick add 2 when mindy promises marcus to stop being hit girl?
Can anybody name of this film?
Is Alice in Wonderland Basically a Drugland? I Will Explain Why, Mind You?
What's the name of this movie, please?
Movies similar to \Martian Child\? 10 points easy and 5 star ratings on the rest.?
Help me with the title of this movie please!!?
in the film public enemy what film is johnny depp watching in the cinema ?
Dark movies to watch?
Need help finding an Anime movie?
Who do I get aholed of if I want to have eminems \sing for the moment\ in my movie?
what is the name of this movie?
Cant remeber older movie with Steve Buscemi?
can you name me some movies similar to?
Any movies like Click and Bruce Almighty?
young johnny depp movies?
May I please have some feedback/opinions on this short film script that I'm writing?
What's this odd movie?
How to become a screenwriter under a production studio/company?
What is the Name of This Movie?
help me to find a movie?
are you Aussies enjoying the INXS movie so fat?
What movie is this gif fron?
is there a first halo movie?
What are some good Australian romance dramas? Preferably ones for a teen?
Movie about ghosts committing incest?!?
If i buy movies off amazon will they work with region 4 and how do i change the region on a dvd player??
what are some good funny movies?
is this a good zombie series idea?
Who is going to see Transformers Age Of Extinction when it comes out in cinema?
Can you give me the names of some good scary movies you've watched?
Does Anyone Know the Name of This Movie?
The movie Daybreakers? Or vampire books?
if a movie starts at 5:35 pm and it is 1hour and 39 minutes long what time will it end?
What is this movie called?!?
What was your favorite Philip Seymour Hoffman performance?
Is it normal for a Blu Ray movie to have black bars on the top and bottom of screen?
What is the name of the foreign film in which a young woman kidnaps a child?
Is it true that Toy Story 3 was Pixar's way of saying goodbye to all the kids who grew up with Andy?
How many Dragonball movies can you buy with 25 dollars?
trying to remember a black and white movie?
Can you list a number of Thai teenager Romance movies like the ones below? Plzz?
whats the worst movie you ever seen?
Whats the movie where a husband goes missing for some reason and the wife remarries but then he returns.?
Disney movie opinions?
What was the name of this horror movie??
Looking for a sad romance movie?
What are some good movies that are either romantic or dramatic?!?
Help with a scene from the beauty and the beast!!?
Help with a scene from the beauty and the beast!!?
why did the evil dead crew lose rights to all its footage?
Horror Movies!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!?
how long does it take to make a movie?
How long did it took them to make \The Lego Movie\?
What is this Michael York movie?
In oblivion (2013 movie), how does jack breathe while on Earth, as there are no trees?
why is it people think peoples lives are like some movie where no one really get hurt?
Disney movie opinions?
What are your top 3 favorite movies?
What are some good vampire or bad boy movies?
what would u rate FROZEN (the Disney movie) ??
I'm looking for the title of a movie?
Good love movie suggestions?? :(?
movie lovers. how many dvds do you own ?
Never Seen Star Trek, Where Do I Start?
Does anyone know any free websites?
why is it okay for women to be naked?
What are some movies like The Dukes of hazzard.?
Need help remembering movie title about a pale man who is found memorizing his entire library?
Was the Disney movie cool runnings always rated pg?
can someone help with this film mario brothers?
please help me with this film?
Why do people in movies like pompeii have english accents?
What are your favourite chick flicks?
remake idea. american to Asian instead of reverse.?
What was glowing in the briefcase in the movie PULP FICTION?
How long did the master take to film?
i am looking for a film?
Is peters dad really dead on the amazing spiderman?
3D and glasses at the cinema?
Which movie genres are your favorite?
Lord of the Rings or Star Wars?
How many seasons of the walking dead are on Netflix? Also what happened in last couple episodes on netflix?
What is the title of this movie?
A movie starting a group of kids or young adult in post apocalypse?
Why is it that sometimes sequels do better than orignals?
What's The Name Of This Movie?
What's a good title for a Fast and the Furious inspired GTA V machinima?
Good ideas for a visual representation for The Chronicles of Narnia?
Question about the movie bling ring?
Name a film by James Cameron.. 10 points quickly?
What is one movie you cant bring yourself to watch?
80s movie!! help!!!!?
a movie ww2 england black soldier fall in love with white British housewife and comes home from war finds o?
Bad boy good girl films?
I am searching for a scene from the Movie Quigley Down Under to use as an illustration in a University Rhetori?
Can You Help me find A movie?
Please name some psychological thriller films?
First knight film questions?
Divine Intervention with Batman?
why does it say \in memory of john bolz 1970-2010\ in season 2 2009 of white collar on Netflix?
Name this movie... detective goes to a small town to investigate murder?
what is a good ghost/spirit movie on Netflix that's scary?
what are some stupid/bad movies on netflix?
Change IMDb movie Japan title English Japanese?
What type of profession would edit movies?
Need help finding what the name of this movie is.?
good gay romance movie for teens?
Movies about adoption?
Would it be cool if there were a \Hangover Part 4: Woman's Gone Wild?\ movie?
What are some other movies like '500 days of summer'?
I need a SERIOUSLY terrifying movie?
How much does it cost to rent a panavision camera?
Movie Maker Corrupt Files?
What movie is this, helpp?
I remember about a series movie but I dont remember the name?
How does someone become a movie critic?
What kinds of movies to you like to go see at the theater?
FILMS Starring Jackie Chan and Sammo Hung together .?
Which is the best movie you've ever seen?
Good films/books/shows?
Hi, i am searching for a porn movie.?
How many people are embarrassed to say they like a movie just because it was made before they were born?
Can I watch fast and furious 6 without having seen the previous movies of the franchise?
How does Tim Burton films differ from the \typical: Hollywood film?
Do the people in porn movies use a script?
I remember seeing a movie a long time ago involvining two american fighter pilots and two russian pilots train?
What is the title of this black and white movie?
Cannot find this movie's name.?
American Hustle Movie question ?
If a zombie apocalypse ever occurs?
What movie is this? Please help!?
In Iron Man 2, what does Ivan Vanko mean when he says \My father is the reason you're alive\?
Can you recommend me a horror movie with a good ghost story?
Which Marvel Movie this year will be best?
Why did the man in \The Call\ want girls hair?
How much would this film strip from The Dark Knight film be worth?
Can anyone tell me where this quote comes from?
Are there really people who do jobs like George Clooney's in the film 'Up in the Air'?
What was this Christmas movie?
PITCH PERFECT \whoomp there it is!?
Film title ?????????????????????????????????
Which movie is the Best adaptation of mary shelley frankenstein?
in the hunger games movie, how many of those teenagers died virgins?
Have you watched any great movies lately?
Does anyone remember this movie?
If Phillip Seymore Hoffman was still alive, how many of you think he could had played a great JJ Dillon?
Why does everyone say that the 1946 Jean Cocteau \Beauty and the Beast\ is a masterpiece?
Which one of these movies should I watch?
I love the old movie smokey and the bandit, is there any similar movies as good as it ?
What do you think that they should make a another reboot of Laurel and Hardy?
What movie is this from?
is the sixth finnal destination on the way?
What is the name of the song from the movie Gomorra 3:40 minutes? (The beginning of the film).?
What film was this? really need help?
Netflix help ? New movies ?
What's the name of this movie?
help remembering this film?
Can you make a movie with 1 million pounds?
What is the name of the movie in which a man tries to get an old starlett to meet his dying mother?
Do You Think that Hunger Games 3 or Hunger Games 4 can gross $ 1 billion?
Why isn't the fat black guy in Transformers 2? Mahalik?
If gargoyle's are stone, how do the demon claws pierce them? I, Frankenstein.?
What movies are these?
What movie had a nerdy redheaded girl and her blode best friend and they go to some beach place and the blode?
A good Romance anime??
Are they really making a Regular Show movie or is it just a fake?
Should I watch The Monuments Men?
Where can I learn all about the expanded universe of Starwars on the internet?
Does anyone from bling ring have social network account?
Is the remake of Footloose worth it?
Did Rick and the Governor know each other before the zombie apocalypse?
What Is The Name of This Movie I'm Describing?
Looking for an Anime Movie?
Do you rememer that old Stephen King short \Cat's Eye\?
what are your favorite classic movies all year?
Are they a way I could pitch an idea for a certain film?
anybody know what movie im describing?
Movie with monkeys? I can't remember what it was called, 90s movie?
Name this movie please!?
what's the movie called where Todd Giebenhain was in ?
One day on tv i saw a harry potter movie that was playing with deleated scenes?
if Songs has a Lyrics then in Movie is what?
Big Trouble in Little China: Is Jack Burton Dead?
lifetime movie around the late 90's?
What is the Name of the documentary that was on tv for the movie underworld ?
question about dragonballz and return of cooler movie?
Bought a movie on iTunes but it says it's a rental?
What movie is this from netflix?
What is the movie \the darkroom\ about?
What are the chances of.....?
Why do some Disney Male characters have nipples and some don't?
is it illegal for a movie theatre to show a penis?
help finding a psychedelic movie with blue animated people that was from the 60s-70s?
What is the song called when girl leaves the zombie kid in warm bodies?
Is the movie 300 on netflix ?
Is Transformers worth seeing?
Why won't Netflix accept my Visa Debit card?
Some Sad/Tragic Romance movies?
Hey, what movie is this?
Whats the movie called with a man going into a bookstore and making another man eat a book and it kills him.?
Which movie am I watching?
how many movies can you download?
theres a movie i cannot think of, its an older movie and the only thing i remember is the wall was oozing gew?
help guess the movie question?
Really good movies for teens?
When the the movie \Animal\ going to be released?
What movie genre is Holy Mountain?
How much Percy Jackson movies will there be?
Any movies like she's the man?
Is the Book Thief a good movie?
What are some good \messing with wrong guy\ movies?
What are the most the most powerful movies you've ever seen?
Is the movie Carrie scary ?
I have a problem...but i dont understand it?
Why does everyone think Scarface is so violent?
someone please help me figure out this movie?
what is the name of this movie i watched??
Good chick flicks set in high school movies?
What horror movie is this?
Screwed Up Wedding Movie Recommendations?
Movies like White Chicks and Jump Street 21?
WHat is the black cat's name in the movie 'Bolt'?
What movie is this??
Whats the title of this movie?
Opinion on action/comedy Webseries idea?
Does anyone know if the movie 'Philomena' is streaming anywhere?
What is the WORST ancient Rome/Greece/Persia/Egypt/whatever movie to come out recently?
Which movie should I see with my dad?
what movie is this?!?!?
what movie is this?!?!?
What is the most 90s movie?
What movie is the top picture off of the one were he's balancing on the bottle?
creepy ghost or haunted house movies?
What do you think about going to the cinema alone?
In what movie does an asian woman smoke through her V?
movies good to watch?
How long will it take to make a 4 minute stop motion film?
what is the movie with the blonde guy who drives a hummuer off a cliff?
Looking for a creepy short film of a girl jumping on a pogo stick repeating a number.?
Looking for the title of this movie?
whats a good website to check dvd releases/dates?
Dredd: Why did Mama live Anderson live?
why are there only naked woman in movies?
What is \hopscotch\ as mensioned in the end of the movie Jack Ryan: Shadow Recruit?
How could i make a movie?
Is this movie based on a book?
What is your favorite movies?
Which movie is better: Bridesmaids or The Wedding Singer?
Looking for the title of this movie?
whats the movie called?
Bad Ass Gangster nickname for my character?
windows live movie maker help?
Which Christopher Nolan film do you prefer?
Need help figuring out who this movie star/celeb is on a 4 picture game app (10 points)?
Any good fighting films like Never Back Down?
Is it me, or are SyFy's original movies the worst movies ever?
The Lego Movie Good or Bad?
British film about world war two homefront...not mrs. minever, but a middle aged couple in London whose sonRAF?
What order do the avengers movies go in?
Teen \High School\ movies?
Horror movies make me mad. is that normal?
what movie was just on the cw?
What was Joel Cairo's card scented with?
how long did it take to produce the average film in the 1930s?
Can anyone recommend me a good comedy movie?
Anyone watch the movie Labor Day?
Am I the only one who thinks that the trailer of Vampire Academy movie is purely pathetic?
What is a \chick flick\?
What's this movie about a married couple on an island?
If you have Netflix please answer?
good books + films for teen girls?
Help me find dinosaur documentary?
is it true that they're gonna make Charmed : The Movie?
Does anyone know what movie this is?
Do you think film festivals are pretentious?
the movie 'Ben X' is great but is there any fanfiction about it?
can i watch movies online on a pc without paying much pls help?
What is this movie called? Syfy?
Pan 2015 Movie Casting Calls?
What did you think of \Attack the Block\?
i need to describe a movie in 150 words help!?
Name of this movie/tv show?
Is slumdog millionaire any good?
Whats that movie called?
Use music legally in student film?
What is a MasterBuilder in the Lego Movie?
In titanic was kate winslet completely naked, as in her private bit being shown to leo dicaprio ?
What are some movies you hate that everyone else seems to love?
What is this movie called help?
Which spiderman movie is more true to the comics: Spider Man (2002) or The Amazing Spider Man (2012)?
What are some movies you like that everyone else seems to hate?
Perks of being a wallflower question?
What is the title of this movie ?
In Harry Potter 3, why does Hermione get mad when she was told she didn't have the grim?
What is the title for this movie?
What is the title for this movie?
Netflix Prepaid Card?
how did people react to the tuohy's adopting michael oher in the movie the blind side?
Any good chick flick movies for teens and adults?
What is one of your favorite \Older\ movies?
I need to find a movie!!!!?
The Wolf of Wall Street?
More movies like Rubber?
What is this film called ?
Do you think I am to old to see the lego movie?
What's this movie? Please help?
I am start make one Hindi movie but I need cheap paid actor but I have no list can you give me?
A list of bike/motorcycle movies please?
Every feel like you're caught in a movie?
Sherlock Holmes: A Game Of Thrones confused?
What film is this picture from?
Films on teenage pregnancy, depression, selfharm and suicidal thoughts.?
Teenage/Highschool movies..?
Please what is the name of the movie?
Name of the ww2 movie i watched when i was a kid?
do you remember an early 80s film called 'time bandits'?
Good Pregnancy Movies on Netflix?
Can someone please tell me what movie this is?!?
what is the name of this movie?
Benedict Cumberbatch movie singing?
Man bust in movie \My Girl\ used in Psychology?
any good movie to watch?
Twilight is over, now what?
Film: group of people entering beautiful hause, dress on sunglasses and see all monsters and blood. Name?
What's your favorite Richard Pryor and Adam Sandler film?
penalties for downloading, uploading copy right article, movies mp3s?
Would this be a good monologue?
What are the movies you're looking forward this year?
ANSWER PLSSSSSSS WHAT THE NAME OF THE MOVIE, HELP!!!?
What would be a good resolution from the movie called \The Mask\ from 1994?
What would be a good Rising Action from the movie called \The Mask\ from 1994?
What is your favorite Jet Li movie?
Culture in England about watching movies?
What is the title of the Irish music played on the chase scene from the movie \Titanic\?
Life Time/ABC Family movie?
Can you help me to identify this movie?
When will the Steve Jobs movie come out in England?
Songs in \Yellow Submarine\?
Are you excited for the Tfios movie?
All the seas in \Yellow Submarine\?
What is the movie called where a woman almost drowns in a bathtub but her young son saves her?
Spider-Man Movies or X-Men Movies First.?
what would paulie from the rocky movies have done if he,...?
question about rocky 5 and paulie losing rocky's money,...?
whats the movie called?
i have a question about the movie <Mean GIrls>.?
I am looking for a movie that's similar to Herbie where a car has a mind of its own?
What's that film called?
Which films..........?
Can you think of movies that have a scene where a flame is being fanned and it shouldn't be?
What are the sex scenes like in Rush?
in wich movie is about a girl who gets stuck with her legs between 2 cars?
What year was Willy Wonka chocolate bars made, and what year was the old willy Wonka movie made ?
What is the best movie ever?
how to play two or more characters in a movie?
What's the name of these movies?
Which movie actors do you think would be the perfect fit for my character?
know any good movies that arent well known?
I watched transformers (2007). Can Anyone tell where I can watch it again on my iPhone? Pls?
What's the title? Probably German film about a guy called Teo or Theo and his niece?
Say Sandra B & George C are on the same pay grade,would SB gets paid more in Gravity cuz she appears more?
is neve from catfish Mica from Paranormal Activity?
Guys can you give me a movie with good physics concept in it? Thanks :)?
Movies anime with leather trench coats ?
Something made me snicker. A reporter called...?
Movies like seeking a friend for the end of the world(not any old films though)?
How many parts of the movie 'Lord of the Rings' have been released by now, i.e. Feb 2014?
Can anyone help me in finding list of Fan Films. I need the Name About the flim Website View URL Director nam?
from where to download fast and furious?
What is this film?? Please help?
How can you not like Ridley Scott's Robin Hood?
what is the name of horror movie. the story is about five men riding a train .a divination women show their?
I need soundtrack list of songs to the movie \Don't pass me by\?
This old Indian movie about a young thief?
Looking for this funny old movie?
In Carnival of Souls, how did others talk to the woman of she is dead?
Looking for a horror movie about a road trip?
Who thinks sean astin was hot?
movie wuth a teen boy with anger issues who saves his family from misfortune?
In Ruby Sparks, the girl at the end of the movie is Ruby or someone else?
Can I get more info about Carolyn Chelby.....she was in the film, Halfaouine: Boy of the terraces\?
Should I get the Gamera trilogy on Blu-ray?
movie where boy has tracking device in nose?
I am looking for a movie about this intelligent bird?
Can anyone name this movie?
Frozen <3 !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!?
Who Are The Worst Actors/Actresses Around?
Is this a real movie or not?
Which actor or actress will make you watch a movie just because they are in it?
Where will the move 'The Wind Rises' be airing?
Does the movie the book thief have the hanging scene like the book?
What are the first two Indiana Jones movies rated in Australia?
What's the name of this movie?
What do you think about \The Wolf of Wall Street\?
Funniest movie you've ever watched?
can anyone tell me the name of this movie?
Do you like the movie \life of pi\.Dont you think its boring????
Is it weird that I still like Mary Poppins as an adult?
What is the movie Visioneers about?
What are some good psychological thrillers?
Do you know any highschool movies like this?
WHAT'S YOUR FAVORITE SCARY MOVIE?
Can't find this movie?
Can't find this movie?
I NEED HELP REMEMBERING A MOVIE!?
How old is Maverick from Top Gun?
Did howls hair look better blonde or black?
What is the name of the movie where there was a plane crash and they got stranded in the snow and they ate..?
Which horror movie should i prefer?
Vampire Academy movie any good!?!?
In the star wars universe?
What does Elsa the snow queen eat?
In the Movie Elf, What is Buddy's dad's job called?
Can someone help me find the name of a movie?
I cannot for the life remember this movie?
In the Legally Blonde movie, who designed Elle's dress when she went on the breakup dinner with Warner?
A movie about someone who becomes so fast that time seems to almost stop for them?
in \escape plan\ why was arnold's character even in the prison?
Is Rosemary's Baby a good horror movie?
How does sheriff woody no know who he is?
How can people say Trainspotting is a terrific movie if it shows a baby dying of neglect?
What is a good horror movie to watch?
How can i download Kannada movie songs. give me Website name?
why is the money shot when guys climax?
I'm looking for the name of a movie from the 50's....?
is it ok if i think jj abrams will make a great star wars?
What's this movie??? (asian film)?
Where could I watch the film \ALL YOU'VE GOT\?
Where can I buy German DVDs?
Any Good Zombie Movies Out There?
What are some must see POWERFUL movies?
Is there a blockbuster movie about time machines?
Question about Hulu/Netflix free trial?
Name of some movie i forgot?
Help with characters for short film!?
In oblivion did jack 52 switch with 49 and blow himself up at the end?
is there true events of a real person known michael myers?
is there true events of a real person known michael myers?
What's a good skateboarding movie to watch?
What song does Antonio Banderas play at the beginning of Once Upon A Time in Mexico?
What to do after seeing a disapointing movie you were excited for?
Can't remember the name to this movie?
Need help from the ultimate movie buff.?
What Woody Allen movies should I watch?
Teen Lifetime Movies?
What is this movie with [I think] Leonardo Dicaprio??!?!?
Should I see the vampire academy or the lego movie?
Is season 3 of switched at birth coming on netflix?
What's your favorite Frank Capra movie?
What movie has three sisters?
how many people can an 18 year old get into a rated R movie?
CALLING ALL MOVIE BUFFS!! (FAVE PSYCHO THRILLERS?)?
Favourite song/artist and film?
Can anybody name this movie? It's about people eat at a restaurant and the food turns them into zombies.?
Valentine's Day Movie Suggestions?
can you find me movies? PLEASE QUICKLY?
Looking for an old movie maybe in the 80's of some orphan kids.?
Is it strange that I like depressing Music and Movies?
Despicable Me 2 summary?
what the hell was going on in the movie jack the reaper?
house of something I don't know the name of the movie?
Searching for a movie from 1960s or earlier.?
Does anyone know this movie aired on W Network?
Who would i send a movie script to?
I need A Harry Potter Fan To Help Me With A Question?
Child's Play (1988) vs Child's Play 2 (1990)?
Can someone recommend movies that have amazing stories and will make you wanna watch it again /?
Do you know any movies about a serial killer with a mental disorder?
How do you rate movies?
Your thoughts on the movie Horno?
does anyone know what movie or show this kid is from?
Is there really a movie called Die you Zombie B*a*s*t*a*r*d*s?
Anyone here see Troma's Lust in Vegas?
Would you recommend the movie Night of the Pumpkin?
Would you advise seeing the movie Indie Director?
Did anyone here like the Illsa Series of movies?
how much money does vampire academy need to make for there to be a second movie?
What is the movie where the African american man is wrongfully accused of raping a 16 year old?
Did you like the movie Chained Heat?
Actor in The counselor?
What are thoughts on the Film We Are What We Are?
WHAT MOVIE IS THIS?!?!?
From what movie http://24.media.tumblr.com/5d786e523331f7d606af6c0ba1d5672a/tumblr_mplkoiK0Jh1rdsbb4o1_500.gif?
good high school drama movie?
What are the most distinctive features of Quentin Tarantino as a writer?
The lords of salem soundtrack?
is the edited version of Flatliners?
Stuck in Jurassic Park?
What are your feelings of Woody Allen?
5 best movies from the 70's?
Will there be a Mean Girls 3?
Who owns the copyright for the 1946 movie \Gilda\ starring Glen Ford and Rita Hayworth?
What is this movie called?
Can america finally pull off a successful godzilla movie?
What are some good movies to watch on netflix?
is Kevin Hart over rated?
Which of the films up for best picture at the Oscars 2014 have you seen?
What movie or song is this (bollywood)?
hunger games movie???
how to do unnecessary censorship?
What are some good movies like \Awakenings\ and \Lorenzo's Oil\?
Hi! Would you use this song for a movie/game OST?
How to do a dvd selection thing? [Read description]?
What is the song in the movie Big where the guys are dancing on the piano?
What is this movie?!?!?!?
clues of some resistance in the capitol of the hugar games? ten points best answer!!!!?
did ava gardner do some other great films because i,m a fan of her?
Does Tony Stark have any friends?
Legend of the golden gun?
I'm looking for a movie about a rebel person or something, any suggestions?
are there any other actresses from the pre code era?
Triying to find a movie from the 70s about tennis players who were hustlers. One of them was really fat?
Is Sherwood Pictures making a new movie?
Amazing Spiderman 2? Do u think this film will be better than the previous 4 films?
Doctor Who! What is your favorite Steven Moffat Doctor Who episode?
Rainy, snowy, cozy mountain movies?
What year does the movie Avatar take place?
i wanna do voice overs like seth green or hank azaria but?
Naming a movie after a business?
what is the film called, where it comes blood out the elevator?
Where can I get the original theatrical version of the Star Wars trillogy 1977-83? No CGI, just the first cuts?
An everyday object as a 'murder' weapon?
What is the name of a movie about a miracle/angel sighting?
what are good movies on netflix that involve magic such as wizards?
trying to remember this old cartoon movie?
Need this movie name?
Title of movie where kids eat chille dogs for breakfast?
Films similar to \I Am Legend\?
Twilight: Can someone please explain for me what this video mean?
Whats this movie? Need answers ASAP?
What's the best way to rent DVD movies and pay by the movie?
What software(s) do they use to create the Frozen animation movie?
who has watched movie 43 and liked or hated it?
What was that movie with the basketball player from Rutgers that gets picked first in the draft?
What is the significance/importance of the movie title \a beautiful mind\?
Movies that I can watch?
What kind of Indian Toy was used in the movie indian in the cubboard?
In the movie ATL what's that one song playing in cascade when NewNew star And Veda are skating together ?
Are there any SCARY films out there nowadays?
Movies- Tune to pal bhar me chori kiya re jiya more pia ;)?
What is the purpose of songs and dances in between bollywood movies?
I am looking a movie's name?
Movies with interesting production histories?
what's the title of that movie?
When does season 4 of pretty little liars come out on dvd?
does anyone remember the movie small soldiers?
What western movie is this ?
whats the name of this movie and book?
Which one of these movies should I watch?
In the movie 'Babette's Feast' (1987) what was the operatic music being sung?
Name Top Ten Superhero Movies?
Can I get into R rated movie with boyfriend?
how many parts are there in the film james bond?? please name them also..?
Troy the movie ?????
how to get away from that?
How many movies are on Netflix in 2014?
What movie is this? :/?
What war movie was this?
Movies with a strong history/background?
what is the language of this movie-????? ? ??????????
Please help me find this movie or title?
There has been a movie adverised on the marquee?
Who are characters from movies with the most charming, smooth personalities?
What was that movie about Seal Team 6 taking down Osama Bin Laden?
Does Bruce Willis retain his personality/character through different movies?
What's your favorite film trilogy?
Insidious 2: What happened to his dad whose body got invaded by the old woman?
What great M names for a teenage girl?
any amazing teen girly movies?
Who was the movie director back in the 80's that got stuck in Dallas after filming because of agoraphobia?
I need help finding the name of a movie?
What's the film about a German guy and his niece?
Is really life on Wall Street as presented in the movie The Wolf of Wall Street ?
Can you help me find this movie?
which movie has a crippled man or somewhat a beggar who kills people silently in a subway station?
Do You Agree With My Theory That How Batman Escaped the Nuclear Explosion In The Dark Knight Rises?
how can i get fully movie of prison break ,i only have 12 to 21 parts?
your favorite romantic comedy or teen movies?
Is Dawn of the Dead a comedy?
What are some really good scary movies?
What horror movie from the 80s had giant pill bug like creatuers that lived underground?
How would you interpret the hidden meaning of 'Upstream Color' by Shane Carruth?
the matrix???????????
What do you think of the movie Citizen Kane?
Can someone help me identify a B grade horror film from the early or mid '90s?
Emraan Hashmi's movie?
where can i download latest telugu movies?
What's that movie (90's?) where an assassin has to protect and becomes attached to a little girl?
Is it true that Eminem wrote all of the freestyles that were in the movie 8 Mile himself?
Songs of Rock band that was in movies?
Can someone please help me name this late 80's movie?
What is this romantic comedy's name?
from what movie/series are those screen shots of Andrew Scott?
What is this romantic comedy's name?
Should tv channels really shut down major shows during Olympics? I feel thats a mistake. Not everyone is going?
Can you Help me Find the name of this movie ! It's driving me crazy lol?
Is the movie \The Impossible\ sad?
What's the name of this movie about the Amerindian culture?
What's your favorite or least favorite movie genres?
can anyone tell this actress name ?
What is upcoming movie of vampire academy?
I don't know What Film to watch?
are there any Korean or Japanese movies with two high school kids falling in love?
I don't understand the meaning of the ending scene in 'the Wolf of Wall Street'?
question about the movie crazy little thing called love Thailand movie?
Should i use real names or character names in movie reviews?
What are some movies with tonnes of nudity?
What movie would you most like to see a remake of?
When does the seventh Glik Glik Glow movie come out?
The Lego Movie who's going to see it?
Vampire Academy movie?
Any really sad teen romance movies?
What is the name of the song that is playing when chuco is dancing with his mom and she gets shot in the movie?
when will it come out?
need good sci-fi movies similar to.....?
Help me think of a movie involving a funny Cornfield Alien Scene?
What would've happened if Saruman won the Battle of Isengard?
is it illegall to keep movies?
What did the part of the mother dying mean in the movie signs?
What did the part of the mother dying mean in the movie signs?
Hi. I'm looking for an opening song of Dil Se Diya Vachan 2010. Can you name it? Thank You !!!?
SIMILAR MOVIES TO........ On netflix?
whats the point of the movie slumdog millionare?
whats that movie where two girls are laying on the grass high off shrooms.?
James Dean and how he became such a great actor?
I'm looking for that one movie you might of seen?
Good chick flick movies?
Who is jake sully and why did he take his post on pandora?
Are movies for any age, I'm a movie freak.?
Horror movie in hospital?
How was Frozen originally supposed to have ended?
Need some help finding a movie for a report?
What in your opinion was the biggest plot twist in movie history?
can my 8 year old daughter watch a PG-15 movie?
need some help finding a movie for a report?
What is the name of this movie?
Can you remember a movie from 1980s or 1990s where a sleeping woman's bare butt gets an injection?
What are some good shows on netflix?
I had a few questions about the film prisoners (2013) was hoping someone could shed some light!!!?
What is the name of this Movie?
what is this movie called?
Trying to recall an Asian Vampire movie?
What is, in your opinion, the high point in the film, 'Philadelphia\ with Tom Hanks?
what is the salary of Evangeline Lilly per movie?
Why are there so many songs in disney movies?
The Scarecrow got a brain, Tin Man got a heart, Lion got courage, Dorothy got home, what did Toto get?
How scary is the movie The Purge?
What is your all time favourite horror movie?
Old movie fans, who is better?
What is the theme for the film taxi driver 1976?
What movie is this scene from?
what's something good to watch on netflix?
Ridiculousness 4 on DVD ?
funny movies to watch when high??
good action/scifi films on netflix?
What is Age of Ultron?
Best shows on Netflix?
Does anyone know what this movie could be?
Where does the movie \Belly\ get its name from?
River Phoenix vs Corey Haim?
How do I remove Film Fanatic?
Where did Pirates of the Carribean take place?
Where is this quote from?
How come there hasn't been a movie made about founding of Google?
what action/ punch up related movie should I get for my dad? He like sons of anarchy and Aliens?
Erotic film about stepbrother and stepsister who inherit a modelling agency?
whats your favorite american pie movie?
There was a movie in 90s about somebody who had a map burned to their body?
Is the movie Labor Day worth watching?
Best football movies?
name this movie plz??????????????????????????????????
Harry Potter and Ginny?
whos the killer in the movie 7 below?
whos the killer in the movie 7 below?
why does mr.turner in the movie (disturbia) kill all those people?
How do movie theaters get the reels of film delivered to the theater?
movies about girl student liking guy teacher?
Why was horror such a hit in the 90s?
what old movie is this? (90s early 2000)?
why is warrior (2011) such a beautiful film??
did they make a movie of the selection by Kiera Cass?
Am I allowed to watch a movie rated 15 at the cinema if I'm 14 and accompanied by a adult?
movie or tv show girl has a doll which makes people sick?
Silver Streak (1976) or Stir Crazy (1980)?
Shows on netflix about babies?
!!I cant remember the name of this film?
Do you like the film \Dog Day Afternoon\ with Al Pacino?
I cant remember the name of this film?
Stereotypes in Bridesmaids, women representation in the film?
I cant remember the name of this film?
Top 10 movies you don't really like, but most people loves?
Best Movie in Theaters?
The LEGO Movie - More Similar Videos?
Can't remember name of Japanese Movie!!!?
What movie has the best original sound[track] ever?
what are some really good horror movies?
How Many Times Has This Guy Died?
What are your thoughts on the upcoming super hero films?
any really good movies?
Please help! My movie maker wont play ANY sound!?
What is the name of the movie ?
The movie OutBreak from 1995?
Trying to remember a movie about a family moving into a weird neighborhood?
Looking for a really old and suspenful film?
We're watching a disturbing movie in class?!?
Wiil my nephew enjoy seenig a movie at the drive-in?
Where i can Get Latest Erotic Movie names and information ?
SAG Actors/Actresses In UK?
Could anyone recap the story of Lone Survivor?
is it illgeal to do this?
What's your favorite Jennifer Aniston movie?
Is there a Back To The Future parts 1, 2 & 3 put together as one film?
What is the name of this movie?
I want movies where it contain neck snapping?
whats the name of that movie?
Names for male zombie?
Is Dragonfly like Message in a Bottle?
movies about partying in Hollywood?
What is the scariest movie you have ever seen?
Need help with a movie!?
i'm looking for a film?
What movie has a character named Etienne?
Recommended movies about Yokai(or Yao Guai)?
does anyone know of any bug crushing or head crushing movie scenes by a man wearing dress shoes?
Is it illegal for a film character to insult about a real branch or a person?
I want movies where it contain neck snapping?
What movie rips off \The Usaul Suspects\?
which music played in \Fast Five\ towards the beginning when Mia and Brian are breaking out dom?
what is the name of this arti?
Ben dover did you answer what make the sparks fly?
Do you think Philip Seymor Hoffman was a good actor ?
what song is at the credits of the 3 stooges movie?
Cant identify aong from star wars 3?
what are some diffrences and same things that really happened compared to the movie munich?
Does anyone know this (teen) movie?
Need help finding an old movie that was on Cartoon Network!!!!?
Why does steven spielberg allow himself toake sh!tty movies now?
What is the best science fiction movie you have seen so far?
Why do people making love to Keira Knightley onscreen always have pained expressions?
Boy resurrecting toys movie name?
strang japanese movie with 3 parts?
Should I write a screenplay about North Korea or the Russian Revolution?
What's the name of this movie?
whats the name of this movie?
which movie is it can anyone please tell me?
Classic Comedy fans: do your kids like old comedies (30's & 40's)?
WHAT MOVIE IS THIS?!?
A question for those who have watched the movie Frozen?
Korean song name in the movie a dirty carnival?
What does it mean when IMDB doesnt have a movie that clearly exists?!!?
Why did Katniss freak out at the end of Catching Fire?
Can you Name This Movie?
I`m Looking For A Movie Title, Please Help Me?
Its an old western movie (cowboy), 1960-1970 , a blonde girl kills a man by tying a shotgun to a door knob?
Is Muzzle flash in Movies too much exaggerated?
Any movies has \a guy carries a girl in his arms\ scene?
Is going to the cinema better or is staying at home and watch movies better?
Orange is the new black question?
Has this film already been released and what is the song about?
cant figure out the name of an older movie?
Whats a better movie?
Do you think black and white should make a comeback in cinematography?
need help findimg the name to a foreign film about a group of young boys in juvie?
What movie is this?????
Samurai/Ninja movie not too old?
Movie about nazis and killing hitler?
What is the Computer Graphics Software used most often in action movies?
romantic movies anyone???!?
Can the transformers survive without the Allspark?
Do you see Zac Efron naked in 'That Awkward Moment?'?
what 90s movie has a guy standing shirtless in rain with arms up in air?
is it true of the barney rumor that the actor of barney came to work with a gun and shot the staff and actors?
what are the best torcher movies?
What are some Asian Movies as Good as \Flu\?
The phantom of the opera movie 2004 or 2011?
What is it about the ROcky movie romantic scenes that make me smile more than any other movies?
WHAT MOVIE AM I THINKING OF????
Does anyone think Scary Movie 6 will ever be made?
What does charlies father mean when he says \20 dollars what do you need 10 dollars for?\?
Movie about a college football star join the choir to impress a girl?
Anyone know good chick flicks?
Why does the emporer and vader openly plot to turn luke?
There is this one movie...?
Does anyone else think Anna from Frozen is annoying?
Which Disney movie has the best music?
why are actors, Hollywood types typically considered liberals?
I'm looking for a boy named John Connor?
When does the Maximum ride movie come out?
Does anybody remember this movie?
Movie Survey: Which movie is better, 28 Days Later or 28 Weeks Later?
Just finished the godfather trilogy?
Can Somone Explain the 2001 Space Odyessy?
What do they call it when they drive cars in movies, and the terrain passes by outside the window?
Disney Theme Team name ideas?
Do you think optimus prime will die in the new movie coming out in june?
what is the name of the show with the lady who found out that the blind man on a bus trapped in the snow that?
Whats harry potter and the order of the Phoenix About?
top of rocket popped off?
What's the name of this movie?
In the movie 12 years a slave when the protagonist was being lynched who was the man that stopped it?
The great debater quote help?
I'm looking for a movie like Moulin Rouge!?
What's this scary movie I'm thinking of?
What is the biggest movie coming out this year?
Name Of This Movie As Described?
Saw a trailer for a sci-fi movie 2yrs ago with a tentacle attached to a guys neck. Wats the movie. PLZ HELP!!!?
Bollywood disgusts me. Why do Indians love Bollywood movies?
Limitless...anyone know of any movies similiar to Limitless?
Is there a movie with an exclamation mark in the title that is NOT a farce?
What are some good movies to watch on Netflix I'm 17?
People who had watched silent hill!?
What movie is this quote from?
Does anyone know what movie this is from?
Whats this movie? Horror?
Is Texas Chainsaw Masacre A Good Children's Film?
Unknown movie?????????
The Texaa Chainsaw Massacre (1974) VS The Texas Chainsaw Massacre (2003)?
The Texaa Chainsaw Massacre (1974) VS The Texas Chainsaw Massacre (2003)?
A good web-site to find independent movies?
What are your opinion on these actors and how would you rate their acting skill?
Anyone have some links to alternative documentaries?
Do you think sci-fi films today lack new ideas?
Whats the title of this movie?
Do you think Jessica Alba will ever win an Oscar?
Brand New's song \Jesus Christ\ uncredited in movie \Into The Wild\?
What's the motorbike shown at the end of the film 'Hot Rod'?
What's the name of this movie (might be a lifetime movie)?
What is the name of this foreign movie?
Movie like last house on the left?
Are they any movies worst then the following?
what cartoon character is this?? help!?
Before Russell Crowe was casted as Javert in Les Miserables do you think they bothered to check if he can sing?
Last Disney Movie you watched?
Why are their so many less original ideas for movies?
What movie will you never forget ?
Is Marion Ravenwood from Indiana Jones and the Raiders of the Lost Ark of Spanish decent?
films like Rocky, never back down, undisputed, real steel.?
Does the movie \her\ have a facebook fanpage?
My humble earthly people, I have a question i am looking for a movie?
What is the name of this song?
What different jobs are there for someone starting out in the movie/film industry?
Why is spanking no longer common on TV and in movies anymore?
Why do they keep changing actors in each of the \Atlas Shrugged\ movies?
i want to watch movies where do i find them without my card security number and other information?
Why can't i find glee on netflix?
Can I use movie trailers in my videos if i am analyzing it?
Does anyone know when \Atlas Shrugged, Part III\ is supposed to come to theaters?
How to clear Netflix 'Recently Watched' list?
can somebody tell me the name of this movie?
Movies with people suffering from PTSD?
Favourite slasher movie?
Where can I watch 'A Streetcar Named Desire 1995\?
What's your 5 favourite films?
about film study. what is the difference between Linear and Frame? I mean these are movie's structure.?
the great gatsby movie 2013?
When the Movie \Mockingjay Part 1\ coming out in theaters?
What is a good title for a short film?
Question about Netflix shows?
5 best movies you've ever seen?
Which character from Star Wars would you be?
Is it true they will be a Harry Potter 8 or 9 movie? The story of Ron and Hermione?
Which character from the X-Men would you be?
Is this a great idea?
who is artemisia in the new 300 movie?
Does anyone know what movie this is?
What's your Top 5 favorite movies of all-time?
Please Suggest Me A Best Site For Online Hollywood Movies In Hindi?
Does Anyone Know Any French Films Like These Ones?
A REAL Justin Bieber movie?
Classic Doctor Who? What Classic dr Who episodes should i definitely watch?
Whats the horror movie that ......?
Movies on demand? February 2014?
I'm looking for a certain quote on magic. Can anyone help me find it?
Why did pirates in captain phillips not notice this?
What is the name of the 90's movie where the kid's dad is an NFL kicker?
what list of movies made you cry?
what should my movie be called?
this is about movie \the prestige\?
What is the best Disney films to watch?
Film narration????????
I cannot find this movie help me please?
What are the villain's goals in Buffy the Vampire Slayer?
who does know this actor?
In the film \We're the Millars\, when the family is in the car garage and Rose is doing a?
Do You Get Paid If Someone Buys Your Script And Makes It Into A Movie?
How do i become a film director/writer/cinematographer in Hollywood ?
Do you know what movie is this?
is there anyway to get information about a movie from just a small piece of it?
Would you consider 90's movies overall bad?
What is your favorite Bette Davis film?
Films which show repeated romantic persistence from either a male or female?
What anime should I watch?
HOW TO PITCH ZELDA MOVIE SCRIPT?
NEED HELP, WHO IS RIGHT???
Please list some movie's Like Wrong Turn , The Ruins & etc with same plot?
What is Herman Boone's Character?
if a movie is nominated for 6 or more Oscars, is that movie really good and worth watching?
Does anyone know good movies for a kid to teach them respect?
What did Hancock do for sex when his memory was gone? He was drunk and violent?
Weird horro movie I saw a preview for?
What is the name of this movie?
what movie is this scene from?
Is it normal for a 17 yr old to still be watching Disney movies and still love them?
Anybody know the name of this movie?
I can't seem to remember the title of that movie?
Where can I download Cybill seasons with subtitles?
What's the name of the song that's playing in the hockey scene in 'she's out of my league'?
Will darth maul return?
i want to know this film?
Are they making a sequel to The Shawshank Redemption?
Anyone knows where this is from?
Anyone knows where this is from?
Shawshank vs Pulp Fiction vs Dark Knight?
I need the name of this film: a film that follows the life of a boy (more details are provided)?
Is there such thing as a whole movie on CD?
What's your Top 3 Favorite James Bond films?
Can you tell me the themes and film style of Jafar Panahi?
What makes Jackie Chan well received by the audience?
What movie is this in the description?
Will you cry if Lupita Jones doesn't get an Oscar?
How it's connected the last xmen with the easter egg at the end of last wolverine movie?
are Robert Shaye and Lyn Shaye related ?
What movie is this screenshot from?
On Star Trek Into Darkness the year is 2257.55. My question is what month and day would that make it?
Is The Script's Hall of Fame off a movie and if so what movie?
Problem with Lex Luther in Man of Steel Sequel!!!?
Do I sound like Snow White?
Can you name this movie?
What's this movie called?
What's the song from this video?
if there is, things that you do not like about the movie the avengers?
Do you ever root for the villains?
Need another comedy movie to watch?
Who is this? and what movie?
Would this fit well in a movie??!!!?
In which movies has Jennifer Tilly looked the most seductive, hot & sexy ?
So did the captain have a baby everytime he came on shore leave, in The Sound of Music?
what are some good movies to watch?
Please help me with a movie title that i dont know!?
What are good movies to watch on netflix?
ragini mms 2 trailer is out in which adult sites??
What are. good scary movies and action movies to watch on netflix?
The main idea in Donnie Darko?
How scary is the movie the orphan?
Why Netflix Don't Have Porn Movies For Streaming Onlines, or DVDS?
Chinatown vs L.A. Confidential?
90's mail ordered movies for kids?
What movie does this sound like?
Do you know what the French song was called in the film 'A Single Man'?
What is your favorite movie directed by Tim Burton?
If people can't be hypnotized against their will, then why does television and film depict that?
Is it legal to download this movie?
Do any of you have a movie that you really like to watch and consider it your guilty pleasure?
whats that one quote from that one movie?
What movie is this? Maybe hellraiser?
What movie is this? Asylum Patients Ghosts READ?
Why is Anna not put in the disney princess category?
What are some good movies?
what does a film producer do?
Trying to figure out a movie title. Help!?
What is the name of this movie?
Need opinions on Netflix compared to Amazon Prime. Please?
What is Martin Scorseses best movie and why?
Where can I watch famous Bollywood movies at?
Good relationship movie with a mean girlfriend?
Does anyone remember this movie?
what is this egyptian movie called?
Help writing an interesting paragraph about the movie Casablanca for my English class?
Who is more racist, Jamie Foxx or Kevin Hart?
Does anyone know any good teen girl movies???
What movie depicts a fake moon/mars landing?
I NEED TO KNOW WHAT MOVIE THIS IS?
What's this movie called?
Can anyone tell me the name of this movie?
What are some Romantic Drama movies?
If I cancel and restart my netflix account, will I be charged?
What movies is this? Horror?
Whats the name of this movie about a guy who's cheating on 3 girls and they team up against him?
Is the movie godzilla 2014 a reboot or sequel to a different movie.?
Where was cell in bojack unbound?
A horror movie of a possessed man having an interrogation with a girl ?
Are the Harry Potter movies good?
Would you rather see a Hawkeye movie or a Black Widow movie?
Good movie to watch....?
Terrifying movies that will actually frighten me?
What movie is this gif from tumblr from?
what is the name of that comedy movie about?
the hunger games mocking jay part 1 trailer coming out?
Should horror films that depict torture bé banned?
which tom & jerry movie do they talk?
Is Shawshank Redemption a cult film?
Can someone PLEASE help me find the name of this movie? I'm desperate?
Good scary movies on Netflix?
what movie called from the past?
what is your favorite romantic movie?
What was your favorite Terminator movie(Updated)?
Pioneer/Wagon Trail Movie Title?
Which Movie? 'Drive' or 'The Perks Of Being A Wallflower'?
what are some good movies like these?
Goodfellas vs The Godfather? I'm confused?
what movie is better - Lion King or Aladdin?
Movies on instant netflix?
Psycho Killer movies like American Psycho?
What's the name of this movie?
Disney beauty and the beast?
What Movie is This From?
What is the name of the newly released movie about orphans?
i cant remember this movie.please help me!!?
What is the name of the tactic?
What is the scarist movies of 2013-14?
Movie scene where people collect someone's memories/photos?
What is the name of this movie?
How to get your car in a movie?
Netflix and Sadako 3D help!?
Is Justin Bieber really playing Robin?
Question on drive film Ryan gosling replica watch?
How would you request permission to film in a bank?
Any idea when American Pie 5 is out?
How to become a film writer/director?
Need help with short film idea.?
Don't understand the move \The Words\?
what is a site like netflix that works in italy?
Good horror movies that are similar to insidious?
I need name of the movie?
I need name of the movie?
Help me name this horror movie from late '80s/early '90s?
I am looking for a movie but I don't remember its name?
Scarface question that needs an answer?
Help me find this movie?
Where is Matt Damon in The Good Mother (1988)?
What movie do i watch?
What movie do i watch?
Why do people put sexual acts in ALL moves and tv shows?
Can you recommend some good films - disney cartoons or similar? THANKS!?
Is devils due movie any good ?
help with this movie?
Do you need an actors permission to use clips from a movie?
Can you help me remembering the name of this movie?
Are cartoons able to get away with the 180° camera rule more often than film?
screenplay writing format?
Why do people dislike I, Frankenstein? Because there was no blood or gore in it?
Whats your favorite stephen kings movie?
Should The Hunger Games keep Philip Seymour Hoffman in the movies?
What is the name of the movie where a navy seal comes home after being captured by North Korea?
How does M.Night Shylamalan portray childhood imagination and nightmares in his films?
Is there a movie made out of Icefire by Chris D'Lacey?
how is Lincoln represented in the 2012 Steven Spielberg film?
What was the first mermaid film?
Romance movies set in early 20th century?
What's the movie about a younger girl who likes an older guy but he doesnt like her?
Any simmilar movies! ? :/ .Cant find any?
the breakfast club- \it's the shits, huh?\?
What's a good movie review title for MST3K?
Name the last movie you watched?
Do u feel like action hero after watching action films?
What Star Trek character would you be?
trying to understand the movie prisoners?
What is the name of this film?
Are the Twilight movies scary and thrilling ?
Do you think George Clooney is as good as an actor as Robert De Niro and Al Pacino?
Movies Similar To Jay And Silent Bob And Clerks?
can you give me short films on youtube?
which movie is the saddest movie to watch?
Anyone know what film this might be?
Trying to remember a movie about a black guy getting framed for shooting jfk.?
What are other film titles like this one ?
South Indian Movie Title?
For those of you who've seen the film Gravity?
Is the American Film Industry Finished?
Need help with song from the movie American Hustle. It's the song before the bradley cooper dance scene.?
What is the name of this old kid movie??!!?
Is Kill Bill a movie I can watch with my girlfriend?
whats wrong with using an already told, good story in remake movies?
Trying to remember but having the devil's own task recalling it, what movie is this?
Trying to Find a Movie ! Asian Foreign?
i want background music of film HUNGAMA?
what are the 2 new christian movies out this year?
What is the movie name? (Adult only)?
Do you cry at emotional scenes while watching a movie?
comedy movie about two friends who learn they can make things disappear forever?
What is this French movie called?
What is the sad song in surfs up the movie?
Writers: Do bad movies scare you?
hi can someone help plz i have few movies in avi format but wont seem to play with any player i have?
Whats the name of this movie?
Whose the imprisoned Predator in the move Predator 2010?
Ending to the movie Would You Rather Question?
What is the format of a good proposal?
help me find the name of these movies!?
Does any one know the name of this movie?
Metal smoking pipe that bends/pivots?
I have an idea to pitch to Netflix about an original program. Who should I contact?
why does Bruce Wayne give his coat to the homeless man in batman begins?
what are some of the most boring movies in the last 2 yrs?
Who's this actress in the photo?
Have any of you ever seen a movie that you like but everyone else seems to hate?and if so what is it and why?
The name of the movie of Leonardo Dicaprio acting mentally-ill?
A list of best Bank Robbery Movies?
Older Movie About Girl with a Strong Imagination?
Did Stephen King play in the movie Carrie?
Movies like Secret of Kells and A Cat in Paris?
Does anybody know of an alien movie like this?
Is Escape From Tomorrow on dvd?
What Phillip Seymour Hoffman movie is this?
Movie about a man with healing powers? 10 points.?
Netflix, Breaking Bad.....?
When I watch a Marathon for Star Wars, Which order should I watch it in?
Who is the green transformer on the new preview?
Why do some naive people think netflix will replace movie discs?
whats the name of the movie where a new guy comes to a town and builds a church and in the end he is a saint?
Title for this mini movie? 5 STARS AND 10 POINTS TO BEST ANSWER!!?
Who is this actress in The Other Woman movie?
Which movie is that ?
Are the UFC DVDs region-free?
Who will read my screenplay!?
Tony jaa vs Iko Uwais?
In your opinion, what is the top 10 greatest acting performance in film history?
Was Marlon Brando a bad actor?
What is the name of this foreign (Spanish) film?
what are some other good amateur hood movies like 12 O'Clock Boys?
Movies like the Notebook?
How do I get prepared for Captain America: The Winter Soldier?
What are your feelings towards the recently announced Michael Bay TMNT film?
what is the name of this movie?
looking for the name of this movie!?
Movie help please!! Need titles.?
What's your favorite vampire movie?
Help recommending a decent guy flick?
What was the movie where the Japanese submariner washes up on shore and is taken care of by locals?
Have any of you ever seen a movie that you hate but everyone else seems to like?and if so what is it and why?
What is the theme or underlying message of Goodfellas?
Todorov's theory applies to Star Wars?
What is your 5 favorite movies ?
(Thor) how did an Asian emigrate to Asgard?
Is Lone Survivor a good movie?
is it true that harry potter is based on a true story?
cant think of this film?
After watching the film \kick ass 2\ does anyone get the urge to kick ass in real life?
What The Name Of The Movie When A Guy Keep Money In His Sock?
Why did Dan have to sleep in the laundry room in \Dan in Real Life\?
What of the movie about a young girl who is on a journey for something and comes across round tin man?
Movie with scene where with a school play about vietnam?
Looking for a Romance/Drama anime?
In what movie does a male role mispronounced Penelope?
Where can i buy \The Power Inside\ the short film by Intel and Toshiba?
I dont remember an animated movie title?
Good shows to watch on netflix for teenage girls?
Do you know this movie?
is this a good senior quote?
Chick Flicks Like She's The Man, John Tucker Must Die, Mean Girls?
what is this animated movie?
What's the name of this horror film?
in which film this dialogue \ your are always in my heart' used?
what movie/program/game/trailer is this soundtrack from? 10 points!?
I need help witn a Movie title.?
Why does Captain America keep getting new costumes in the films?
Which movie do you think is better?
What are some good recent war movies?
songs from best laid plans movie with stephen graham in it?
Where can I watch the documentary sole survivor?
The Godfather vs the Justin Bieber movie?
What happened at the end of, A Happy Event, movie?
Mini movie ideas? 10 POINTS AND 5 STARS TO BEST ANSWER!!!!?
Does anyone know what movie this is? (description below)?
I looking for a movie from the 70s or 80s.?
Why Beowulf is not in Transformers 4?
Can't figure out what horror movie this teaser trailer was for, please help!?
movie scenes to match these problems?
What movies from the 1960's have a strong positive female role?
Scariest slasher/horror films you know?
What movie is this? j?
Can I delete a movie from Itunes without losing it from Cloud?
whats the name of the movie where its the end of the world and a few people run into a small room and they get?
what movie is this????
is there any american revolutionary war movies on netflix besides april morning?
What is a good name for a horror film, about a virus demon (for a GCSE media project)? please?
How to be a full-time film producer?
Who or what eat his hat?
Are there any institutions that teach wandless magic in the Harry Potter universe?
Need the name of this Movie?
questions about the movie dark touch?
Whats the name of this movie?
Name a good medieval film ?
A movie about a little boy who gets kidnapped in his 7th birthday party?
When does the fault in our stars come out in England?
im trying to find good movies on netflix... any suggestions?
In game of Thrones which one is most suitable to sit on Iron throne?
Amazing films like Castaway, The Blind Side, Minority Report, Shaw shank, Cocktail, Green Mile and so on?
When will the 3rd Madoka Magica movie be on DVD?
\In Theaters\ app on new MyYahoo no longer has showtimes?
Pursuit of Happyness?
Top 10 best and worst characters from Harry Potter?
Which actors can't you stand?
Can someone give me a brief rundown of the first 2-3 episodes of the Thorn Birds?
any movies related to this?!?
What the name of this movie?
Is The Angel's Melancholy worse than A Serbian Film?
Hello everyone i got question about some movie?
Why is it that the Golden Globes awarded Anne Hathaway last year and snubbed Lupita Nyongo this year?
whats your opinion i=on the 1979 movie the warriors?
Whats the ship name of river and the doctor?
What's the name of this comedy dog movie?
I want to know about people lifestyle towards action films?
Why does The Joker wear face paint?
Can anyone tell me what film this image is from? http://postimg.org/image/ybqlcuru5/?
I am looking for a movie where people can use a watch to stop time?
a character having white face with algae on it and dressed with black and white strips on his clothes?
American Reunion Senior Wishlist?
What's this movie called?
Do you know a good movie? Thanks.?
Keeping up with the kardashians for sale in us?
Keeping up with the kardashians for sale in us?
I can't remember the name of this horror movie?
who can tell me the name of this movie?
is leonardo di caprio the finest actor of his generation?
Carrie: Who would you date - Tommy or Billy? 10 points?
Robocop movie in 2012/13?
Is there a movie where Evil wins over Good ? Is there a movie where a villain wins at the end ?
Is this movie ever actually going to happen?
is stiens gate worth watching ?
Good adventure movies?
In Rise of the Silver Surfer, how does he get knccked off his board?
I do i did movie soundtrack?
Suggest movies of this kind?
Good fantasy/witch movies as good as Harry Potter?
Why do you not like Ginny and Harry Potter being together?
Trying to find a movie but can't remember title?
im lookind for a film soundtrack cd called avanti by Carlo Rustichelli. can anyone help please?
Story Behind Paranormal Activity 1-The Marked Ones?
I need the name of the movie with a ballet dancer and a painter.?
the ending of the hunger games catching fire?
Isn't Goodfellas better than The Godfather?
Who is this girl and what movie is this? http://s14.motherlessmedia.com/dev240/0/541/597/0541597011.gif?
Do you the name of an old American movie with children and a cougar//mountain lion/puma?
Is it worth buying the 2006 special editions of Star Wars that include the said theatrical releases?
A question about the movie The Sitter?
I would like to know the soundtrack of Oscar fever advertisement on star movies. Please help me out guys...?
Where can I watch Crawlspace?
What would win? The Black Pearl or the Flying Dutchman?
Was there a PC game for the old Disney Movie An American Tail?
Who does jane foster go on a date with at the beginning of thor dark world?
why is arrogance a main trait in horror films?
Great movies on netflix about drugs, sex, ect.?
A horror movie where the actors die in real life after filming it?
What are these guys doing in this movie?
Should there be a sequel for Frozen?
which house was used in film mere yaar ki shaadi hai?
What is the message of the 2013 film 47 Ronin?
What movie is this?!?
Oscars 2014 predictions!!!?
What's the one movie where people watch other people with collar bombs?
What the hell movie is this!?!? D;?
Pulp fiction??????? ??????????
movies/tv shows similar to these?
What actors/actresses should star in a remake of \The Big Chill\?
do you like to watch 3D movies with 3D glasses?
What is that Horror Movie that starts with a cult of nude women summoning a demon/ghost?
How to I convince my gramma (guardian) to let me start an acting career?
what horror movie is leslie venon from not the documetery but the real movie?
Which movie service lets you download and watch offline?
what does it mean when someone sees their switzerland?
I'm searching for a movie from that late 80's and early 90's. Please help!?
Is Wampa coolest star wars character?
What does this mean on the boy in the striped pajamas?
does anyone know the name of the movie where the mom tries to kill herself and her son in the garage?
How long will the frozen sing along going to be in theaters and will it be released on DVD?
what is the movie about the girl named jennifer who gets killed an is face down in a shallow creek with an tre?
Godzilla's motives in 1954?
What is the movie that is similar to Freaky Friday?
Is Regular Show and/or Adventure time on amazon prime?
Is there a good movie adaptation of Jane Austen's Persuasion?
What's some movies about single fathers taking care of kids?
what is the kids movie frozen about?
Can't remember a movie title?
Does the movie Clueless accurately represent the 1990's?
Help! What movie is this?
Which movies were shown during Super Bowl XLVIII?
Does an independent film get a distributor before or after it's made?
where can i get english subtitles for the movie Uyyala Jampala(telugu)?
\Save the Cat\ like structure for a 22 minuteTV show?
What's this movies name?
Movie where criminals are sent to island?
Movie where criminals are sent to island?
Movie where criminals are sent to island?
What is the name of this football movie?
Vampire film from 80s?
Does anyone know what movie this is?
What movie is this based on my description?
What Movie is This? Please Help!?
What 80s movie is this?
Watching the movie After Earth?
What movie is this scene from? Or what movie in general?
Someone knows a movie title?
Someone Knows Movie Title?
What is the name of this movie? M___ Pond or M___Creek? Mob related? HELP!?
MOVIE/ TV SHOW? Anyone know what I'm thinking of?
Movies like Frozen, Brave, Tangled, Wreck-It-Ralph, Hotel Transylvania, Monsters Univ. Rise of the Guardians?
Anyone out there have Netflix?
I am so confused about this article, Hermione /did/ end up with Ron...?
When a movie character is killed off in a movie how come they don't kill the actor/actress in reality?
Does anyone know what movie this is?
Does anyone know this movie..?
is the titanic thing fake?
what is the name of a war movie?
what was that autopsy movie on Netflix called?
Name of movie (there's a wedding involved)?
Looking for a horror movie?
Some rated r movies?
Should I watch A Serbian Film?
Watching Oz: The Great And Powerful?
What kids animated movie is this?
Prisoners ending, rescued?
What was the name of this weird movie?
Do you know this English movie?
Anybody else feel like Shrek should have ended with Shrek 2?
what are some good Korean/ Japanese/ Taiwanese/ Chinese dramas or movies?
Name of Philip Seymour Hoffman film?
What's the real message of the Bill Murray film, \Groundhog Day\?
Horror movie title from the Zombie's POV?
What are good shows to watch on netflix?
Korean Romantic Comedy films suggestions?
In the film \Hunger Games\ why does Peeta Mellark help the other kids catch Katniss?
Name of this movie please?
Have two actors ever fallen in love on set?
What movie is this........?
What movie is this?......?
Help me find this movie?
Looking for a horror movie where the main character turns into a spider?
what are some good shows on netflix?
What movie is this? ........?
Does anyone know the name of this tumblr boy?
Favourite Philip Seymour Hoffman performance?
What film is this? (japanese live action)?
What are tv shows on netflix that involves with superpowers or abilities?
Any movies like Wolf Children, The Girl Who Leapt Through Time or Summer Wars?
What is the name of a high school film where a brunette science geek who became beautiful?
Does the character Hugh Jackson play in the Prisoners die at the end in the cave or do you imagine he is rescr?
ted movie question the crazyguy?
Okay , so how much does Netflix cost a month and how many movies can you watch does that increase the cost?
What are the uniforms used in ENDER'S GAME and CATCHING FIRE called?
Will the Oscars pull a \Heath Ledger\ now, and give Phillip Seymour Hoffman an Oscar?
i need name of movie?
Do you think these movies will make you cry?
What happened in the end of the movie \Labor Day?\?
which film was this from?
how does the first iron man end?
Whats the name of the movie where a man is tied up and a woman has sex with him against his will?
Movie about a deaf boy or something?
Why do people in here always complain about sex, and cussing in movies? Seriously, how old are yaul?
Good anime to begin with?
Is Drag Me To Hell supposed to be so shit?
Question about the Vampire Diaries?
Do you consider Tyler Durden as a hero or a villain?
is the movie Titanic 2 jack is back real?
What are good shows to watch on Netflix/Hulu?
is there any one besides me that thinks jeremy irons would make a good mr freeze in a batman movie?
When will season 5 of the vampire diaries be on netflix?
Frozen or Catching fire?
what is the name of this old ghost movie?
What film should i watch? Please answer?
Can someone explain the ending of Halloween 2 remake for me?
What sexual content is in \That Awkward Moment\?
what is this movie called?
With Philip Seymour Hoffman dead, what's going to happen to the rest of The Hunger Games movies?
Where can I find this movie? (Crazy for love) http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0328121/?ref_=nm_flmg_prd_6?
Should i take my 5-years-old sister to see the movie \Frozen\?
What is your favorite Philip Seymour Hoffman movie?
What is going to happen?
Where can I buy Harry Potter Bloopers, behind the scenes, etc dvds from?
I can't find this movie I saw on animax! Future, A second earth..?
What's this movie called?
What will happen to Plutarch in hunger games?
when i was a kid i saw a movie that looks the same as rollerblade ,only driving skateboard instead skates?
Does Anyone know the real name of mallu movie actress maria?
does the movie Killing season have any nude scenes?
What are your thoughts on the phillip seymour hoffman's death?
best morgan freeman movie?
Why do some film buffs think creating CGI effects is easy?
What can i do to get you to submit movie reviews on my website?
What is your favorite Philip Seymour Hoffman film?
what is the film term for night vision?
In prometheus why did the aliens want to destroy mankind and where were the other aliens?
What are some movies that are alike the perks of being a wallflower and movies like its kind of a funny story?
a song in Spider man 2 movie?
good movies to watch with friends?
when will lana del rey tickets go on sale?
In LOTR Return Of The King couldn't they have thrown the ring into the lava from the eruption?
What is the song at the end of the movie Catching Fire?
which computer system were used in late 1930-1970's Movies for film-editing ?
which Softwares were used in late 1930-1970's Movies For Writing Cast and Crew names and Movie Title ?
which Softwares were used in late 1930-1970's Movies For VFX, Movie Editing (Erasing the Rope ) ?
I cant remember the movie!?
What date does divergent come out in theaters?
movie with girl and boy who stranded on a island after a boatparty?
Error 2104 Netflix :(?
Which movie franchise(s) have you seen all the films in?
A movie where the robbers said that it is for charity then later says now its a fucking robbery?
who accepts used vhs and new vhs movies?
Her or August osage county?
What if Hermione Granger was African American?
In a film script who works on it. Is it only the screenwriters, or is it also the film producers and director?
I can't find this movie?
I have two questions,both movies.?
Lost my movie to watch list need suggestions?
I'm looking for the title to a movie?
what japanese movies and dramas should i watch?
Why didn't Jodie Foster want to be in Hannibal?
In the end of the movie \Boogie Nights\, is that Mark Wahlberg's real penis?
Where can I find this movie:The Occupy Wall Street Collaborative Film, to buy or download?
What other funny comedy movies are there?
i like films such as harold and kumar and superbad are there any other films like this i cant find any good 1s?
Good movies to watch?
Where was Silhouettes by of Monsters and Men used in Catching Fire?
Hello, I have made a short film for a school project and I really need a name.?
Any new disaster movies coming out anytime soon?
If wolverin's cell regeneration is so great why does his hair not grow isnanely?
What are your favorite movies?
I need an idea for a short film?
The movie \Getaway\ ending?
Which is the best hollywood movie channel with all aspects?
Whats this movie with \window\ in the title? And it's not \secret window\?
Titles for a thriller movie?
There Was A Movie With A Lot Of Teens Standing On Hills?
I'm looking for a movie!!!!!!!!!!!?
Need Movie Suggestions Please?
Did David Sachet as Poirot ever film The Mysterious Affair at Styles ?
Movie: 12 Years A Slave - What Is Your Opinion On The Film?
I'm looking for a movie which I once saw when I was really young, Do you know the name?
is there gonna be real steel 2?
xmen questions:Darwin, racism?, & cyclops. For Fans of the comics, not just the movie?
What is the name of the movie? Additional Details?
Do you know any movie with \Teens thats paying for their parent sins\ Theme?
Name of a movie??????
Trying to rmemeber a movie I watched a long time ago.?
Best horror films, really scary?
What is this film?! British black comedy?
Will there be terminator 5?
I really need to know the title of one movie?
What ghost/horror movie is this?
What is the best serial/movie about vampires?
I just want to know the name of the Movie?
What is the first song that plays in the movie epic?
What type of movie has people kissing and having sex?
Good teen romance movies like \The Spectacular Now\?
What Is The X-men movies in chronological order? Very Confused. . .?
What is the name of this movie?
Can Someone Please Help With Name Of This Movie?
Who Can I see Hasee Toh Phasee Movie ?
Am I the only person who found 12 Years A Slave a cliche?
Alice in Wonderland quote?
I watched a movie and forgot the name?
What's your favourite song from a Disney film?
Fight ChoreographyTechniques?
I need help remembering movies?
A Harry Potter (Snape) question ... Whoelse could be Snape other than Alan Rickman?
Korean militiary movies and fantasy movies?
Cant remember the name of some surfing movie?
What was so funny about the movie quote \ I'll have what she is having?\?
What Romantic movies to watch?
I wanna find a certain adult (porno) movie but i don't know the name, please help!!?
Korean Movies similiar to heaven's soldiers?
Does anyone know the name of the second song on the end credits of the film Upside Down?
What is it called when the ending of a movie is shown at the beginning?
Good short movie ideas?
Figuring out a movie (very vague description from memory)?
Power movie player{s60v3}symbian redgister key.?
What kind of freaking password do I need for VUDU?
What is your best movie ever?
Questions about frozen?
Suggestions on Anime?
Marvel is oversaturating itself?
what is the name of that film with the kids/teenagers and they want to be superheroes?
Where can I watch naruto shippuden ova?
In the book, Diary of a wimpy kid: HARD LUCK, did Rowley and Greg end up being friends again?
what the name of this movie ?!?
What are some movies similar to Hunger Games?
How many more James Bond movies will Daniel Craig be in?
What's the best movie ending you ever seen?
how many Fast and Furious movies are there?
What comedy type is Borat, Bruno, ali g show and bad grandpa?
what are some good underrated fantasy movies from the 80's?
Honest opinion on a movie Idea?
Have you ever dealt with netflix online chat representatives?
Had a question for Harry Potter fans?
Why aren't there any movies about Disney princes?
13 year old watching r rated movies?
Is this a good move Idea ?
Why don't Mary Poppins and Mrs Banks speak to each other in the movie?
What's your zombie apocalypse plan??
What do you think of Woody Allen and his pedofile ways?
Name of movie?? Creepy kids? blonde hair? all born at the same time?
I saw this movie in which a woman meets her boyfriends family while they are playing a card game -bs who knows?
List of food from the Groundhog Day movie with Bill Murray?
What movie is this with known male actor?
Who dairector first movie dairect with kokna sen sharma?
in the movie \rescue dawn\ are there any bad scene because i'm going to watch it with my family?
How would I get a movie idea published?
Is the movie The Purge good?
Help with the name of a movie?
Who else loves film scores? Top 10 favorite composers?
What movie should I watch RIGHT NOW?
are there any romance movies where the main guy is a billionair who falls in love with just a normal girl?
What's this children movie where a father is abducted and taken to some magical place and the kids go ...?
Recommend me some good zombie/alien or Post-apocalyptic movies?
What are your favorite movies out of these genres:horror,action,comedy,and romance?
I need a movie that will really scare me?
movie about a little girl with tourette syndrome?
movie about a little girl with tourette syndrome?
is it just me or kodi smit mcphee is actually one of the worse child actors?
Do you know any funny movies???
NEED HELP FINDING A MOVIE?
Can I make a legal movie download websites?
Horror movie V/H/S vs V/H/S/2?
What is that one movie that has an alarm or something that goes \uh-oh, uh-oh, uh-oh...etc\?
Would there be live action remakes of Codename: Kids Next Door and The Grim Adventures of Billy and Mandy?
What is this Disney Channel movie?
What is this Disney movie called?
Help with a movie title please?
movie in the 90s a man in front of a chalkboard?
Why is there kids with a snake in twilight?
What is this movie called?
Movies like Shoot to Kill, The Contract and The Edge?
What movie do they watch in \The art of getting by\?
Possible Wicked movie cast?
Anyone know the name of this video?
What should I watch on Netflix tonight??
know any great movies from these genres?
how did the L shapescratch get on Elizabeths table?
Can you help me figure out what this movie is called?
Does anyone know the name of this movie??
What's this computer-animated movie called?
What are some good movies to watch?
Is there a certain movie that you can watch over and over again without ever getting tired of it?
Why is the movie \Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?\ called that?
Whats this movie called?
Once I sign up for the free month on Netflix, can I delete my account after the free month?
what are some good movies on netflix ?
Who will die in the Avengers Age of Ultron?
PLEASE identify this movie! 5 points?
movies abt bringing the dead back to life?
What's better Hulu or Netflix?
Okay sooo..I jusr watched Inception, yes I'm late I know..but the ending is confusing?
What book would you like to see made into a movie?
How would Disney movies be if they were realistic?
what kind of movies are related to the mortal instruments,percy jackson,i am number four, and house of anubis?
what kind of movies are related to the mortal instruments,percy jackson,i am number four, and house of anubis?
Searching For a Old Movie?
Does anyone know this scary movie?
Name of a movie about a guy and his girlfriend's kid?
What is the name of this Asian horror movie?
what are some all time classic movies?
Where can I find a way to watch any movie on-line (even if I have to pay for it)?
My girlfriend loves scary movies but I hate gore, and I love SciFi. I need movie recommendations based on that?
If Disney movies where realistic?
PLEASE identify this movie! 5 points?
Is Netflix Worth Cancelling Sky+ For?
When will the Hunger Games Catching fire realease on google play?
Name a movie from any era you'd love to see on the big screen?
movie with three people sitting around drinking?
War films like restrepo and lone survivor?
What degree do I need to become a film director?
Trying to figure out a movie's title?
How much are movie tickets in your area?
Help remembering name of movie?
Stacy Keach voiced old Sammy in A Turtles Tale right?
When did the Yule Ball happen in Harry Potter?
Does exist a movie about Collyer brothers?
Can anyone name me some similar films?
What do Turkish people think of the movie, \Midnight Express\?
Where can I watch star wars online for free?
Movie Trivia Question?
Where can I purchase movies online and download?
Help me name this movie?
huge help on this one, In the film langoliers what did the ground fall when american pride took off?
What's the worst movie you've ever watched?
What Are some Film Characters that were good, but then turned bad or evil?
Can you give me some similar movies?
Is there a sequel Not a prequel to Hannibal?
Can not remember the name of this movie!?
Are there going to be any more Harry Potter movies?
movie that i dont know its name?
Help remembering a movie title?
Does anyone know the name of this movie? NETFLIX?
when is the inbetweeners film 2 coming out?
Good scary movies on Netflix?
Anyone knows the name of the movie?
In Lone Survivor, why didn't they take the goat herders with them?
What clothes were featured in the 2 Guns movie?
In What Ways Did Salieri Attempt To Undermine Mozart In The Movie Amadeus?
Can you tell me which movie this is?
harry potter fans, I need your help!?
Need explanation to one scene in Insidious Chapter 2?
Looking for a movie and can't remember the title?
Who's a better director: Alfred Hitchcock or Tyler Perry?
What are some movies similar to these that I might like?
What are some great teen and young adult shows to watch?
While playing in any of his movies, what instrument did Arnold Schwarzenegger NOT use to kill an enemy?
What are some good movies on Netflix like Safe Haven?
Name of Alien movie!!!!?
Cheerleading film? Someone help?
Any thoughts on Slenderman?
Whats your favourite movie quote that concerns about the public and not just about a movie character?
A question about a song in the movie Reality Bites?
i need help finding a specific horror movie?
Lone Survivor couple film?
I am looking for a movie where a girl escapes from her ex-friend to a widowed single father. Title?
Am i the only one who thinks that jurassic park part 1 had better cg effects than part 3?
Movies like Keith, For the love of a Child? Any psychological or about abuse?
is the movie the frozen good?
is the movie the frozen good?
What The Name Of The Movie When A College Guy Is Runing From The CIA?
Need Help Figuring out what movie I am looking for!?
Give Me One Film To Watch?
what was the movie called with two red haired twins and it was about them switching at a camp?
why an earth are they making a batman vs superman movie APART FROM money of course?
the movie when he find out he had a brother when he kidnapped him?
Who acted as mammootty mother in the film Maniyara ?
Should there be a nostalgia movie about the 90s?
how can i make a 1920's silent movie?
What type of hat is Natty wearing in the Journey of Natty Gann?
any good uk gang films new ones?
Is Gravity really that bad?
Jesse Eisenberg will play Lex Luthor in Batman vs Superman??
where is that beach located, at the climax in \Fast Five\ movie?
Movies about teenagers and high school?
What's the name of the music video where a woman's walking down a while hall and the wall grabs her?
Movies of the Second World War?
Movies : True Romance ...is it true what Christopher Walken says about Italians have black ancestors ?
Lord Of The Rings? Sauron?
Who to contact with a movie idea.?
what are some good cult classic films?
Why does nobody remember Teachers Pet: The Movie?
What is the difference between Frozen Sing-a-long and Frozen?
Braveheart inaccuracy?
Film ideas a film about shoes?
what is a powerful topic for a short movie?
Does someone know this movie title? 10pts? QUICK PLEASE.?
What is your favorite genre of film?
What is the name of this film? 10 points!?
I don't think the movie Frozen is that great to obsess over?
On the movie \Her\. It's that the relationship Tony Stark could have with a Jarvis woman?
Poll. what are five movies you really really like?
Which movies are your guilty pleasure?
Is a day spent watching movies when you could’ve been working a day wasted or well spent?
which of the godfather movies is your favourite one and why?
Movie about 48 hrs without police?
Of all the movies you own (on dvd, blu ray, digital, etc) which is your absolute favorite?
Is attack on titan worth watching ?
I forgot the name of my favorite childhood movie!?
where can i watch Lolita 1997 online?
Jack Ryan or Lone Survivor?
movies like syndey white and so under cover?
What is your favorite prison movie?
1990's a book or movie about the life and trials of a teenage girl w/ Muslim father and Christian mother?
12 Years a Slave (2013) I have A few questions about this film ?
Does anyone know about a VHS/DVD cover with a girl in a bikini and glasses with the American flag?
What happened to Victor's parents in Corpse Bride?
What movie is this from?
The Inn of the sixth happiness?
what are the movies which exposed actors genitals?
Do you have any classic romantic film suggestions?
A question about a song in the movie Reality Bites?
What is film culture?
Disney's Frozen 2 story idea ?
Do you agree that some movies shouldn't have new parts?
(SPOILERS) Can some explain the ending of the movie \her\ by Spike Jonze?
Meaning of the Movie 'No Country For Old Men'?
*SPOILERS* Can somebody explain the movie \her\ to me?
list of big breast sexy witches movies?
Is there a reason why actors have to be bulked up or ripped in so many movies?
What is this movie/tv show?
Your favorite bollywood movie?
Movie release I suspect to be mid 90's - early 2k?
How do I credit participants in a documentary?
Must see chick flicks?
Good horror movies for beginners?
Any Recommended Movies For 10yrs and Up?
what is the name of the movie wer a young girl solves d murder in the house........it a bit old film.....?
help if you know the movie title?
where can I watch teenage Adult Movie \14 and under\?
academy movie or cinema?
Movie \Flight\ 2012 - crash landing?
What is this movie's name?
What order to watch the remake dawn of the dead films in.?
Comedy Teen Movies To Watch?
Top 5 movies of 2013/2014 ?
Hi in the movie Gladiator, why Maximus was order to be executed & even his family?
Obscure movie, anyone know the name?
What movie had an ending that you didn't like?
What does 'he's clueing for looks ' mean?
Looking for movie name.?
Why doesn't the witches magic wand work on Gretel in the new Hansel and Gretel Movie?
What movie should I watch?
Recommend any good political thrillers?
good movies with romace/drama/adventure?
What makes a movie so bad that it's good?
What movie or tv show did you discover on Netflix streaming?
What is your favorite horror film?
Help me remember this movie!!!?
What movie is this? I can't remember?
What did the plots of China Syndrome and The Fugitive have in common?
The best sad movies on netflix?
Question about Disney Cinderella?
Who will be the next box office surprise of 2014???
have you seen the movie \HER\?
Region codes on DVDs?
What is a free netflix acount?
what movie is it when the guy buys a haunted house and falls in love with a local girl?
Does anyone know the name of this documentary about a worldwide blackout?
What is this old popular movie?
Horror movie music help please?
Looking for a movie title?
How can my wife get into the adult film business?
hey guys who is the most coolest guy in the world?
When will superhero movies lose popularity?
Can anyone.say best horror and thriller movies from hollywood...?
I am looking for a movie made in either 90's or 2000's?
What did you think about the movie \Her\ ?
WHAT THE EVER LIVING HELL IS THIS MOVIE? FOREIGN HORROR FILM. PLEASE HELP.?
What's this movie? Please!?
What's a good old comedy?
Does anyone know what 90's movie these two characters starred in?
Disney Channel movie version?
How to be like Savannah from the movie Dear John?
how do i pitch a movie idea?
name the movie which is based on the power and might of Taliban?
Teen Chick Flick Movies Please?
Does anyone know what movie is this?
Reality sucks & boring, why can't we live in movies, games, anime, inside imagination / dreams?
Good Movies to Watch Stoned?
new batman vs superman movie..if not Ben Affleck who else would be the best actor to play BATMAN?
Do you think Natalie Portman could be in a figure skating movie?
Im looking for a fairy tale movie with puppets?
What are your favorite cop movies?
Know a movie where a fat girl gets bullied?
I need help finding this movie I watched?
Why We Have Movies Always Talk About Devils, Demons, and Entities?
I need help finding this movie I watched?
Which Disney/Etc.. movie should I watch?!(15)?
Looking for a movie that has to do with being stoned to death.?
Chinese epic movie I can't remember the name of?
Which cartoon movie is this from?
Movie about kids getting their parents divorced.?
Watched a movie years ago, It was either suspense or mystery.?
Please help me.. This is about Disney Frozen movie, How Anna Thaw..?
Which batman has poison ivy?
What are some great teen movies?
Are you excited for The LEGO Movie?
Movies w/ groups of people who either....? HELP?
Help with the name of an actor?
What did you think of the The World's End?
Movies with cars, racing, and swoony boys with problems?
Are there any girl buddy cop movies like \The Other Guys\?
How would someone go about attending a movie premiere? Like the official one with the actors there.?
Who agrees SLC punk is the most educational gnarly movie ever?
movie name plays a pornstar in movie?
In the Matrix movie, how long was the tunnel that Neo slid down?
i need to find the name of a horror that is about a family geting haunted by a demon?
Is 'Saving Mr Banks' true and why is it called that?
What movie is this? Spring Break Movie...?
Bruce Lee movies vs. Ip Man movies?
cowboy /western movies without romance?
Can someone help , movie name?
Is the halloween series done(destroyed)?
Are we going to get any slashers anytime soon?
Marlon Brando or Al Pacino?
Movies like UP or meatballs?
poll, would this make a good movie?
I need help figuring out the title of a movie.?
does anybody know what this picture is from?
Hilarious comedy films??? Human Centipede aftermath...?
What are some good movies to watch?
What martial arts movie is this?
Good Idea for a sad short silent film?
What are Some Extremely scary movies on Netflix?
Does anybody know what the old movie is that there are kids in the sewer singing, \Jesus loves me?\?
Is there a specific name for this type of scene?
when is the movie wake by lisa mcmann come out?
please help i'm looking for a horror movie thats from the late 1990's or early 2000's?
Lord of the rings question?
does anyone know where this is from?
Who performed the sound track for the TV movie \Lizzie Borden Took an Axe\?
can someone tell me some comedy/ action movies?
best 1980s detective thriller movies only, please?
whats a good war movie name? 10 points for best answer and i will answer every question you have!!?
Can someone tell me what is this film? as soon as possible !!!!!!?
Do you know this movie?
Is orange county film any good?
In which Time Loop movie does the day repeat itself in the morning and the hero tries to save the heroine?
HELPPP! Who is this Movie ?
What are the best movies with Martin Sheen?
What are the top movies about war?
could you please tell ?
Can someone explain the movie May(2002) to me as I didnt really understand the end scene with May and Amy?
which is selling more, movies on DVD or Blu-ray?
is the lone survivor very bloody?
Oscar Pool for the movie buffs?
Name thn movies in which detective is murderer itself?
can i use a pre-paid card with netflix?
Need help finding creepy music?
where can i watch pakistani movie waar?
Netflix 3d movies freezing?
what Hindi movie is this?
Are there any good movies that take place in New Orleans?
Can anyone tell me what movie this is?
How can I keep updated on independent films news?
what is the make & model of the blue car from \Baytown Outlaws\?
Can anyone remember the English movie of a little boy whos parents abused him, he grew up to be an author?
Can i use image of a movie poster in an article about the film?
no country for old men?
iconic classic black and white horror film characters?
what are some funny movies that are on amazon prime or netflix?
What is this film called? It's really bugging me!?
what are your favorite Michael Madsen movies, please?
Why has Disney's movie Aladdin never been broadcast on standard British television channels?
Homeless To Harvard movie...?
What are the Best Musical Movies ?
Have you watched I, Frankenstein (2014)? If you do, please clear my confusion.?
Which comic character(s) do you really want to see in a movie?
Are there any movies like Thor ?
Why are children under 11 not famous after a role in a movie?
will there be a The Mechanic 2 movie?
Silence Of The Lambs.. Transexuals!!!...?
where can I watch the movie scar 3D?
Is it true that Traci Lords videos are legal to view in some countries?
how can i get into a 15 movie?
In what movie does a character say \I want my own (holy) see\?
Would this be a good book, game or even- a movie?
I have a couple of questions concerning Netflix.?
season 5 sons of anarchy uk dvd release date?
I am looking for the name of a documentary about delinquent elephants that were killing rhinos?
lifetime movie where soccer player is found dead?
What happened in American Psycho? ?!?!?
Will there be a Pet Sematary 3?
What are some movies where friends turn to enemies?
What is this film I am thinking of?
Will it ever be easier to sell screenplays?
Cool Masks for Robbers?
Can the world comeback from a zombies apocalypse?
Did you watch movie Ransom 1996 with Gary Sinise?Emotions are overcoming me after this.And you?
in what movie does a character say this \are you insane he'll kill us both.\?
Who says this movie quote?
MOCKINJAY PART 1 MOVIE?
What is the name of the movie where the kid is left alone at home?
which eddie and the cruisers movie do you like most? part 1 or 2?
What are some really good K-Dramas?
Who is this Disney character?
what the name of the 90s movie with Jim bullooshi and some little girl?
Netflix vs. Amazon Prime Instant Video?
Question about movies that have voodoo dolls.?
What are your favorite recent movies?
What's the name of this girl I keep seeing on Tumblr?
Romantic comedy movie?
What's your favorite Denzel Washington and Will Smith movie?
What are top 10 movies you don't like, but most other people loves?
Can anyone help me find the name of a movie I watched a long time ago, but I only know what it is about?
Why can I no longer add movies to my instant queue on Netflix from my computer?
I saw La Strada, why do Italians wave as if milking a cow?
why does V wear black in v for vendetta?
What would happen if someone forced you to watch your least favorite movie 100 times?
Why was the chamber of secrets so important in the harry potter film?
What's your favorite War movie?
What is this Japanese MOVIE?
Name some Very Good movies to watch?
Chinese ghost movie title?
Is the movie 'Wishing Stairs' scary?
I can't remember a german movie title?
What's the difference between a theatrical version and extended version of a film?
In the movie \Shooter\, what happens in this scene?
what software do film composers use to write music ?
A movie series long time ago, all I can remember is the intro: a girl travelling with the train? Please?
Chinese woman police movie?
Can you help me out with this movie?
How tall do you think the characters in Disney's Frozen are?
who did the voice/movement of Christopher Johnson in District 9?
What is this movie fricken called?!?
Which movie is this scene from?
Please public does any know the name of this movie .10 POINTS?
Really scary J horror movies?
Name of the movie that has this scene: 2 black men walking along a city street, one of the black men..?
Saw a movie trailer but forgot the name of the movie?
How to switch off commentary on DVD movie?
Can you tell me the title of this movie?
can u help me out with the name of any frictional porn movie ?
The Charge of Rohan in the Lord of the Rings?
date of the Academy Awards?
Trying to find movie name?
i wanna make a short movie about a fantasy love story..but i'm blunt...any suggestions pls...?
Is there any possible next \Frozen\ movie?
Advise website to download bollywood movies?
Advise website to download bollywood movies?
what movie has this line \I love the smell of goose poop in the morning\?
how canbi send my film script to salman khan?
how to improve the standards of hindi bollywood movies ??
Is using the story line of a movie copyright infringing?
Are there any streaming websites for watching movies on iPhone 4?
When will THG: Catching Fire come out on DVD?
Battleship or Pacific Rim.?
If you could watch any two movies again for the first time, which would you choose?
What are your thoughts on the Star Wars Prequel Trilogy?
What movies have the most accurate portrayal of the greaser era?
In the movie Elizabeth, what happened to the lady in waiting that was having sex with Robert Dudley?
when will the movie releast of the Hobbit (Desolation of S) be sold ?
What is this movie called.?
Can you help me guess this movie?
Horror Movie Title Ideas?
Titanic gets continuous LIKES on Facebook?
What is the old movie where a man blows up buildings?
What is the old movie where a man blows up buildings?
what kind of dancer is jennifer lawrence in silver linings playbook?
What's this movie?
Whats your take on the ending of American Psycho?
What is the name of a western movie where a woman moves to a town and opens a clothing store?
If I like to film, what should I record?
Information on the english death note movie coming out this year?
Please help me with the title of this movie. It's about a young maid who later became very rich.?
What job/research were Tarzan's parents doing in the jungle for in the disney snimated film-Tarzan?
what Hindi movie is this?
Trying to find this movie about a lion or a tiger?
How does the Harry Potter movies compare to the books?
What exactly does a movie producer does on a movie?
Batman begins whatever happens to the farmer bruce was supposed to kill?
Movies about primitive man?
How can i find out each Jedi and Sith powers and abilities?
AmAzing movie on netflix?
Can someone tell me what movie this is?
Can someone tell me what movie this is?
movies about death on netflix?
So about the New Robocop movie?
Should they have had Joker make a cameo or at least referenced him in The Dark Knight Rises?
list of really good movies on netflix?
What was the name of this movie?
is there anyway i can downaload a movie to my computer?
Does anyone know what movie this is?
good Holocaust movies?
What movie has these scenes in it?
Any Romance Movies from the Guy's Perspective?
im looking for the name of a movie. Its from the mid to early 80s.?
Does anyone know anyone movies about depression?
What is the name if this movie? Please help!?
What psychological thrillers do you recommend for me?
What is the name if this movie? Please help!?
which alice in wonderland movie had a jabberwocky in it besides the 2010 version??
What Sci Fi Comedy Is This?
Doesn't Denzel Washington have Twitter?
\One Flew Over the Cuckoos Nest\ question?
what film are these credits from ?
should i go see wolf of wall street or the new hobbit movie?
Why do people like One Flew Over the Cuckoo's nest so much?
What movie is this...?
what is the song played during the preview of the movie Endless Love?
Which movie is better: Superbad or 21 Jump St?
Scary movie on netflix!! Pg13 only?
Scary movie on netflix!! Pg13 only?
What is the name of the song in the basketball scene in \The Cable Guy\?
In the movie Christmas Vacation the turkey gets overcooked so it REALLY dry but why isn't black?
Name a good Horror movie on netflix?
Psychological Thrillers, good ones?
Where can i buy a 1949 film called A boy a girl and a bike on DVD?
What movie is this? about a deaf girl who is helped by a dj to hear sounds and dance?
Can you help me find this movie series which had a mid evil type theme and orgies?
What's the movie called about 2 woman falling inlove?
Whats that one movie called?
What were the words to the song in Big that Josh and Billy knew?
Help with movie similar to Titan AE?
Does anybody know for SURE what Godzilla will look like in the new 2014 film?
Star Trek movies and shows in production order?
what movie am i thinking of?
What was Benjamin's strengths and weaknesses in \We Bought A Zoo\?
What are your favorite movies after 1995?
Denzel Washington's facebook?
Does anyone have any idea about this movie?
Do you know this movie?
Short Film ideas please ?
What was the first movie to win a Golden Globe?
HELP find this movie?!!?
Questions about the movie GATTACA, 10 points, need this asap!?
What is the movie where a boy travels into the future only to find out his mom is dead?
Why does the guy on wolf of wall street get arrested?
Anyone else think the last scene of resevoir dogs is realy sad?
The shining question?
Please tell me the name of this horror?
Which Movie? 'Drive' or 'No Country For Old Men' or 'The Wrestler'?
Movies about liking someone who has a girlfriend?
Your top 5 actors who played batman?
Machete Kills Again: In Space?!!?
The Final Destination question?
I am trying to figure out the name of a movie?!?!?
What are some movies like Hard Candy?
but is 12 years a slave better than the matrix?
Looking for great movies!?
What movie is this...?
name this cartoon from years ago?
What movie is this?! HELP!!?
I Need A Good Movie To Watch?
Why do cinemasrun movies in the morning ?
Movies with a performance theme?
Which movie is better: Avatar or Star wars?
If you were to go on an expedition to Silent Hill, what would you take with you?
Film were a couple in Australia give a lift to a man who them murders the girls boyfriend?
What is this movie based in the 1800s?
Cant remember the name of this movie?
Cant remember the name of this movie?
Good suspense Movies to watch at15th Birthday?
Films involving mental illness?
Really good horror movies?
Please Help me find these Drarry fanfictions!?(to all Drarry FF obsessers.)?
Heart Attack Telugu Movie Review and Rating?
Does any movie capture what the Native American of the1800's and earlier times were like in any way at all?
will they make between shades of gray by ruta sepetys a movie?
What movie is this??????????????
What's the name of this film?
Could somebody explain me the point of V/H/S and V/H/S 2?
Should I get Netflix?
What action movie is this (2000's)?
In movies, what's the difference between a red herring and a macguffin?
what sort of challenges would an actor face when bringing a character like Temple Grandin to life?
Was the movie 'She's The Man' once a book?
Whats the name of the movie about a boy who falls in love with a girl and finds out she has cancer?
Which movie is this quote from? A Dream of a Burning Boy ... Father, Can't you see that i am burning?
Ending to the wolverine (wtf X-movies in general)?
I'm looking for a website to download any hollywood movie , please help?
pls tell me the name of this movie!!?
Which movies are good to watch with my Grandmother?
why do people say making shows ruined tv for them?
MOVIE REVIEW ROMEO AND JULIET?
In which Fantasy/Animated film is their a magic carpet ride?
when is city of ashes the movie coming out??????????
what movies (or shows) feature homicidal little girls?
When is city of ashes the novie come out i heard there working on it but when is it coming out?
what is the movie where the woman falls in love with a photographer?
help me find an old movie in ancient greek about a youth and his supernatural brothers that come to help him?
Movie and memory problems! Do you have them to?
Serious Question About Harry Potter ???
what happened to sun coast movie store?
Please tell me the name of this horror?
I am looking for a movie with a cloud,that i saw when i was a kid?
movie about twin brothers?
Does anyone know her name?
What do you hate when watching a movie in a theater?
Star Wars: Episode 3 Music?
What is the title of the Cynthia Rothrock movie where she get a cool prototype motorcycle?
What \Die Hard\ movies are on the american/english Netflix?
Which let it go version is better from the movie frozen?
Disney movies that came out since...?
What are your favorite and/or most inspiring movie quotes?
Why isnt \The Wolf Of Wall Street\ not nominated for Best Picture anymore ?
What is AutoTune, that green background in movies during the making of movie and how to EIDT your picture BEST?
Can you recommend me a good comedy movie?
Do you have any classic horror film suggestions?
movies with bunny starring?
Which was the last movie you watched and didn't like at all?
Any Movie Suggestion?
Filmmakers, what would you do?
So far which is the best movie by Steve McQueen (director)?
What movie has two guys that are screaming \We are dead, we are dead, we are sooo dead!!!\?
name suggestion for team?
Who likes Duck Dynasty ??? what do you think about new look on this movie? LOL?
Can someone tell me the name of this Italian movie?
What movie/TV show is this from?
Doctor Who? What's ur favorite regeneration scene from both new doctor who and classic doctor who?
why are people hating on the Godfather Part III?
Can you evaluate Riddick(2013) for me?
Whats that actors name?
Please suggest me some inspirational movies?
Placed in a university a girl with a boy sounding first name is placed in the boys dorm. Obviously she and the?
List of JAPANESE n KOREAN movie or drama about male lead suffer diseases/illnesses?
Pop quiz. 80 s movie. Placed in a university a girl with a boy sounding first name is placed in the boys dorm.?
Why do police cars always need to be wrecked in movies?
Whats this movie where a teen has an obsession with a author?
Whats this movie where a teen has an obsession with a author?
What are the funniest or most disturbing Harry Potter pairings?
Should go see the movie called \Ride Along\ at movie theater? Is the movie any good?
plz I need name of this movie?
Why can't DC just stick to making animated movies/series, tv shows?
What is the best drama movie you have seen so far?
I copied a new movie in .vob format( one in cds nd dvds) i hav a mx player too.it doesnt run:? any suggestions?
Why have I never seen a UK film or drama with a famine?
Whats the name of that movie?
If the Cloverfield monster is afraid of puddles of blood, world war weapons, battlefields?
Are these Arnold Schwarzeneggers 5 worst movies?
I'm looking for a movie in which a teacher with delinquent student who feel in love with opera?
Boy in striped pyjamas?
Are they still releasing items for the Harry Potter noble collection?
\Are you gonna go my way\ trying to figure out a movie....?
In american pie beta house, what is the name of that song and where can I download it ?
what site can i download movies to iphone4s?
any scary movies that you may know of?
Looking for title of movie set in Yellowstone?
Anyone know this film?
Am I the ONLY person who is getting so sick of the Tangled Vs Frozen debate?
Dear john's ending?
What is this show/movie?
Which movie can you watch and say the lines along with the actors?
What are some good British films or TV series?
The movie \ferris bueller's day off\ sent me into a crisis?
what is a good Italian last names that would fit a vampire who works for the mob?
what movie is this!!?
what movie is this!!?
Help me remember this lifetime movie?
I don't know what this movie is?
Does Hulu work the same as Netflix?
In the movie American History X, while Derek is imprisoned, why does the black gang want to go after him?
What Disney movie said this?
Hunger Games and Southpark; mockingjay whistle same as aliens sound on southpark?
name of this mafioso?
Good movies to compare George Orwells Animal Farm to?
Is the Ender's Game movie about the first Enders Games book or is it about multiple books?
kamalahasan raguvaran..co acting in tamil film?
What is this movie called?
What's a good movie to watch? BORED?
Need help remembering the name of an independant film. (Full Description)?
Game of Thrones question.?
What are Star Wars potf action figures worth? Or how much will they be worth in the future in 30 years maybe?
What is a good instagram name for a female? Something about being \BAD\ or a \BADDIE\ .?
Is \I spit on your grave\ an appropriate movie for a 16 year old?
Movies about an older man falling in love with a really young woman ?
what is the name of this movie?
Short games with good stories?
Would it be illegal to write a script for a story that takes place in Silent Hill (or is very much similar)?
Alien or haunted house movie?
Was Naomi pregnant twice in Wolf of Wall Street?
how should I start with a film interest?
Movies similar to Enter the Void?
What is the song at the beginning of lone survivor with the guitar?
Can someone name this movie?
Trying to find a movie title I saw this movie in 2013 not sure when it came out though I watched it on Netflix?
Why do Sci Fi movies always get low ratings?
anime that focuses on character development??
What is this movie that's more for an audience of children where a small alien enters a person's ear?
To the movie I'm trying to find its not mad max or a well known.?
what movie is this??
Tell me a site name to free watch erotic movie \The look of love 2013\?
I am trying to find a movie from the 90's I believe maybe 80's but guys were forced to fight in a cage?
Why do a lot of American movies open first in foreign countries?
Help me find this movie?
When will American dad season 8 be on Netflix?
How did Harry Potter see his loved ones in Deathly Hallows Part 2?
For home theatre projecter?
what is this movie name?
Japanese horror movies?
What are some good romance movies that will make you cry?
What movie is this, do you know?
POLL~Can You Name A Film Starring..............?
What are some really good horror movies?
If liam neeson died how is he still making movies?
Why doesn't Netflix have this movie sometimes?
what will happen in the third Hobbit movie?
Who is your favorite character Amy Adams played?
I need to know the name of film but don't know the name of it?
is it legal or safe to watch movies on putlocker?
Small Time Director: Movie Idea Help?
was roy rogers in the movie East side and down?
What's this movie called?
Have you seen a really good Horror movie?
I have a question about the movie The Lovely Bones?
why is pretty ugly people rated r?
looking for a horror movie from the 70's or 80's?
Which movie you like better Sinister or The Conjuring?
Which Movie!? 'Midnight in Paris' or '500 Days of Summer'?
Making Documentary Movie - people in the crew?
What's that movie????
Does anyone know this movie?? Help is apprectiated!?
Some really funny movies?
What movie is this..?
Could someone survive a reverse bear trap?
Sci-fi/dystopian/utopian movie?
What would this film technique be called?
What's a good movie to watch for your birthday?
Have you thought about being your own movie/music distributer?
What city did apollonia say she was from in the movie purple rain?
what are some REALLY scary movies on canadian netflix?
Cannot remember the name of a movie?
harry potter universe , 2 worlds?? confused?
Movies about popular and unpopular kids & the unpop. Kid gets the pop sweetheart?
is matt buckner refrenced in green street 2 or 3?
romantic movies about teens?
Movie suggestions? Don't know what to wacth tonight?
Hogwarts address(10 points)?
What is this movie that's more for an audience of children where a small alien enters a person's ear?
year lindsey off the movie is just an ugly prep like legit?
what is the movie im thinking of?
Anyone knows the title of the movie?
Oliver! Film review, please help?
Need movies to watch!?
What is the best comedy movie you have ever seen?
Did the Star Wars prequel try to be Star Trek?
What romantic movies are good?
Where does will smith live?
List of Horror Films?
what order do these star wars go in?
insidious 1 did josh go into further in beginning or ending?
What films have the name Daisy in the title of the movie or a character in the movie?
What is the name of the movie where the main plot was that a girl strikes a deal with her step mom to kill?
Any love story movie in which the hero dies at the end?
if it states that a film starts at 12:30 is that including adverts or do you need to add an extra 20 minutes.?
Can't remember name of romantic comedy set in italy?
What is the name of the Japanese remake of the original French movie \La Femme Nikita\?
some good movies please?
How does Thorin understand Smaug?
When is Carrie (2013) being released on DVD in the UK?
Does anyone know any documentaries that follow the life of a (previous / current) ruler / king of a country?
About Let Me In (2010)?
when is the hollywood movie 'the man who knew infinity' going to release?
What's this movie called?
Is James bond the longest running g movies series?
What is the scariest movies you ever watched?
Does anyone understand the plot twist at the end of \All The Boys Love Mandy Lane.\?
american hustle or 12 years a slave?
american hustle or 12 years a slave?
What's a good movie that involves/has kittens?
what is \etonogia\ that jack was talking about in supreme court?
Good Dystopian or Sci-Fi film suggestions?
Who knows the name of the movie i'm looking for?
Unused name for a zombie film?
Looking for a movie on prisoners of war?
Leatherface vs Hannibal Lecter?
What is this movie? two girls drink something and live forever?
Why isn't gamer as accepted as film buff or bookworm?
How to kiss a guy unexpectedly while watching a movie at the cinema?
How to kiss a guy unexpectedly while watching a movie at the cinema?
Link for websites to watch movies online?
where can I get to watch hindi dubbed version of movies like shawshank redemption, sea biscuit online?
Can people give me any dissertation ideas to write about film noir in any of its forms?
What Actually JOKER Wanted In The Dark Knight Movie?
Leatherface vs Hannibal Lecter?
Anyone knows the title of this movie?
What is a good action/comedy/etc. movie to watch on netflix while at the dentist?
Can you recommend any good movies?
Who was the Script Writer for The Avengers?
Hunger Game Questions?
What disney princess do I look like???
Why can't I watch Disney stuff on my netflix?
western movie name please?
The movie \Gone Baby Gone\...what's in those big dock-piles?
What is the name of this kung fu movie (i think) that had a villain fighting inside a boulder?
I am roadie-season7 & theater artist who willing to act in movies/documentry?
Any one know the name of that movie with the talking alarm clock? Kind of like a you got mail theme?
What was this Power Rangers show?
Need movie suggestions like these?
what are the best disney movies that are not anmation?
Good scary/horror films?
What is your best action movie in 2013?
Technical term for using one colour in a movie?
I am going to the movies?
What's a combination of He-Man, Flash Gordon, Indiana Jones and Harry Potter?
Is New York a Film Academy a good place to start a film career in screenwriting/directing?
how do you play the movie freddie vs jason?
Any movie suggestion?
what is the title of this movie?
can a digital copy of a film go onto an original PSP?
Lifetime movie????? Help?
Does anyone know the name of this movie?
Are there any people similar to crystal renay?
What movie/tv show has the song \Carry On My Wayward Son\ on it?
What movies can I watch similar to Girl Fight movie ,where they is a good story and also teenage girls go coll?
Which was worse? The Dark Knight Rises or Man of Steel?
What Title of a movie // kidnapping of girls scenario?
Which is the best place for film industry courses abroad or india?
TFIOS movie trailer??
what kind of jobs can you get if your doing film and tv?
why do people hate the movie the village?
what order do you watch the Starwars movies?
what order do you watch the Starwars movies?
Is The Godfather like Goodfellas at all?
What Title of a movie // kidnapping of girls scenario?
Porn movie title from the 90s?
My friend is paranoid help?
Does anyone know what this song is in the movie Dead Before Dawn?
What's this prison movie? It's a comedy?
Has a Horror movie ever given you sleepless nights?
What is the name of an animated movie from the '90s?
girl being dragged in snow horror movie..LSD trip movie?
Does Clint Eastwood, Kurt Russell or Mickey Rourke have the most badass voice?
In the Movie Don Jon at the beginning credits, who is the girl up on the beach at 00:58?
What was that one movie with a ghost bus and passengers?
Please help me with a movie name?
Hi i'm looking for an older lifetime movie, maybe from the early 2000's?
What is the name of the song in Syriana that FDR and Rockefeller are singing?
Age limit for rated R movies?
ANYBODY REMEMBER THIS MOVIE?!?
Who's Glinda the Good Witch suppose to be?
stupid question but i want to know?
Which movie has \Monster\ by The Automatic in its intro?
two versions of hunger games?
Movie help please !!!!!?
A good movie is a product of a good script, why?
Why does Samual L. Jackson always play a black man?
do you know of some excellent horrors?
Am I the only one who wants Roger Michell to make a movie about Barack Obama?
I really don't understand all the criticism of the Harry Potter films?
What is the name of the movie where brothers kidnap a woman & take her to another country & shes raped repeate?
Ehat is the name of the movie where brothers kidnap a woman & take her to another country & shes raped repeate?
Why doesn't Disney make more characters like Nani?
Can anyone recommend any good serial killer documentarys?
I've run out of THRILLER movies to watch?
Good scary movies without too much blood/gore?
what's this movie called?
Another Movie Like The Last Stand?
What is the movie i am thinking of?
Old movie from early 80's?
Movie about a boy who kidnaps two children?
When will supernatural season 9 on Netflix be on?
What is so scary about this GIF?
Netflix movies that will make me cry?
movie bout forbidden love on separate planets?
What late 60's/ early 70's movie is this?
girly girl thriller movies?
Who is your favorite actor and why?
Some actually good horror movies on netflix?
A movie where a boy falls in love with a girl with cancer?
What movie is this? I can't remember?
Could somebody explain to me what this fucking movie is about?
What movie is this, I can't remember?
What movie is this, I can't remember?
What movie is this, I can't remember?
What is the right way to say: Movies songs names or movies songs name?
what are some old but good disney movies?
Elsa, Anna, Rapunzel or Merida?
Poll: what's your favorite Disney movie?
What is the Best Movie that is Based on a True Story?
Whats the name of the movie where an older man admits to his family about his mentally didabled brother?
At the end of Pirates of the Caribbean 4, what happened to Philip?
Star wars: Luke and Leia before first trilogy!?
should I watch Pulp Fiction?
Help finding a kid's movie?
What's the difference between directing and producing?
When will Disney's \Frozen\ Be released to amazon Instant Video?
Why does everyone hate Tauriel so much?
Amityville horror movie?
Is there going to be an Xfiles 3?
I'm looking for a movie title?
can anybody tell me which movie is this?
what movie is this gif from?
In the 2013 Carrie, is there a lot of blood?
A serbian film vs Human centipede 2?
What movie is it!?!?!?
What movie is this? I watched it on VHS, can't remember title?
What movie is this!! Help?
Does anyone know if or when V/H/S 3 will be released?
A Walk To Remember question?
Why did John Carter take so long to make?
What was the most perfect casting in the Lord of the Rings Trilogy?
Could anyone give me links of striptease scenes from movies?
what is that movie in thinking of?
is 'gone with the wind' worth watching?
Whats the name of the street gang moovie ?
Can someone help me name this movie?
what do you think of me wanting to be a movie director or actress?
whats the name of the movie where a crazy blonde girl tightens a girl to a chair and throws her in to a pool.?
I cant get over the Titanic?
what are the 2 unions that have jurisdiction over professional actors in film and television?
Looking for an elusive porno?
Does anyone know the name of this movie?
So many unnessecary remakes have been made lately. Are there any that actually should be made?
what movie is it guys bla...bla...bla...?
What should a movie review tell the reader?
looking for some good and funny pg 13 movies?
Movie about forbidden love and forbidden worlds?
I forgot some movie name. Can u help me?
ive run out of movies to watch?
Who would be the best actors to play Nirvana?
Did any1 else hate the hunger gamea?
Does anyone know a movie that ends with a pregnant woman that apparently dies, and stays with ghost children?
What's the movie where there's a deaf girl or guy and they hear music through their hand on speakers?
Poll: What was best...?
Good Tarantino films ?
What are your predictions for the Oscar Award 2014?
in the movie Soylrnt Green, how much did strawberry jam cost?
Any good bullying films?
Best film you've ever watched ?
Scary movie title help?
Good High-School movies?
why in many films there is more than 1 producers?
What was that movie about the magical drug, that makes you concentrate on 100%?
Does anyone know which Xmen movie this is from?
Hi,someone knows the name of a 90s movie about a corrupt detective,that is also a womanizer?
What movie is this? I know it but just wanna see if u do.?
is there a way find out what movies r going to be on starz hbo showtime?
What are some good remakes of princess Disney movies?
Can't find the name of this movie?
Is Planet of the Apes the worst film since Jeff Fahey in The Lawnmower Man?
What do you think about McAvoy and Fassbender playing Professor X and Magneto?
what's the name of this movie?
Two actors together in two different movies?
are Peter Jacksons Middle Earth movies ( Lord of the Rings trilogy and The Hobbit) the best movies made?
Can someone name this scary movie? Or at least tell me who is in it if you remember?
What are your Top 10 favorite movies, that you watch again & again ?
Do actors/actresses really have sex in movie sex scenes?
Similar films to these pls?
What the Best Musical Movies ?
What are good movies on Netflix?
What is the name of the movie where its set in a country tye setting with this little girl that has a dog. Thi?
Where can i browse french movies?
Name of this movie??
Have you seen the show Shameless (US), please?
Classic films *please read*?
Does anyone know the name of the bollywood film watched in East is East?
Blast from the past movie. What's the whole point of moms diner?
are the side charterers on bad grandpa actors?
Do you wanna build a snowman?
is carrie the movie(2013) satanic?
movie where people shook heads and their face changed?
What is the title of the movie?
Films about rape victims/ living after the incident?
Anybody else feel the acting was, forced?
What will be the Box Office Predictions for Gunday movie releasing on 14th Feb 2014 ?
what are some good shows on netflix?
how did neo get his powers in the matrix?
How can I find someone to pair up with who wants to only write the script so I can....?
Films like Juno and others?
Help me find a scary movie from me childhood?
should I work with them or should I just walk out? Feeing really really bad and depressed.?
Do you know anything about Tara Lynne Barr, and what do you think of her?
Help naming an old sci-fi film?
what is the title of this movie?
Has anyone noticed same script except hope and Wyatt instead of Liam and stephie?
What's the name of this old porn movie????
In star trek into darkness why didnt they use khans crew member to resurrect kirk instead of using khan?
I'm having trouble looking for the title of this movie.?
Best dark, depressing movies with an unhappy/ambiguous end?
Actors for movie, help!!!!?
Is there a subtitled version of Les Miserables (2000) in French released?
The Great Beauty is a masterpiece?
Any GOOD movies about a boy getting bullied?
Is Jean-Luc Godard a genius?
Movie having amazing graphics and interesting things like hobbit and lord of the rings?
What's the major difference between a Federal prison and Max security prison?
Tim burton movies as of 2014?
Whats that Old Alien Impersonator Movie?
What famous actors played a gay ?
in the movie ground hog day what caused the days to repete?
When watching Avatar I was rooting for the white guys to win against the blue guys, is this odd?
what is the name of this movie?
I have to make a movie, the theme is \ME\. I don't know what to do! HELP!!?
What is the name of this short film?
Where I can find Vasili Tsybulka filmography?
i can't remember the name of a movie, i only know this scene:?
I have to make a movie, the theme is \ME\. I don't know what to do! HELP!!?
Who plays Steve Pemberton's wife in The League of Gentlemen's Apocalypse?
How good is this movie haven't watched it yet?
How good is this movie haven't watched it yet?
What movie is this picture from?
are the rebels in star wars really terrorists?
What Are Some Good Movies To Watch?
Help?? Forgotten the name of movie.?
I'm looking to see if anyone knows of recent movies that feature White male and Asian female in the movies?
I'm looking to see if anyone knows of recent movies that feature White male and Asian female in the movies?
A quote from the movie \Stuck in Love\?
Please suggest me some Movies about Insomnia?
What's the name of this movie please?
What is the name of this old movie?
Tangled is 3 years old today as it was released today?
Which movie did you like better Project X or Spring Breakers?
What is Spring Breakers rated?
Why Some People Complain I Watch Movies Too Much?
Is there anyway to check all redbox locations for a specific dvd?
What Corey Feldman movie is this?
can someone help me find this horror movie please!?
Based on this list of horror movies that I've seen, what are some you would recommend?
\easy\ movies for when you're sick?
Why did Gandalf say to Saruman \...And he does not share power\ when...?
Could someone give me a summary on star wars?
Can I lend my netflix account to my brother in Australia?
Girl with the dragon tattoo (2009) vs girl with the dragon tattoo (2011)?
What are some movie suggestions?
What movie is this photo from?
What character is hollywood's most tragic villain and why?
why is the movie The Big Chill called The Big Chill?
whats your top ten favorite horror movies?
Who is the strongest jedi?
What are some good and funny hidden camera movies?
Name of a mummy film from the 90's?
Lost Australian Movie?
Who would you have picked to play the new batman?
Music in recent Harry Potter Universal Studios commercial?
What's a cool movie name?
Favorite Disney Couple and Reason Why?
Do you think the second Avengers film will be better or worse than the first?
Movies about pregnancy thats a product of rape?
Remember this movie in which a fat girl seduced a blond train driver?
What was that lifetime movie last night?
Show / movie argument about peanut butter and jelly sandwiches?
Can you tell me the title of this 1950's movie?
Does anyone know the name of this movie?
Is it stupid to say that a fictional character and fictional movie can inspire people?
Whos better..arnold or sly? and why?
I am searching for a movie soundtrack for student Dance Competition with the title \Dream\?
What is this movie?!?
The Movie GRAVITY, on the Big Screen, and others straight to dvd?
What should the story line of my movie be?
Are there any movies like Shawshank Redemption?
Good shows like Lincoln Heights on netflix?
Good movies to watch.?
Is there any movie based on B.Ambedkar ?
Any films set in the south in the 50s?
Which Indian movie is this?
How can I rate a movie on Netflix without a DVD plan?
Does anyone remember this movie?
Old disney movie about android/robot?
What should I call my movie?
Are the tomb raider movies good?
lists of websites where i can download Battle Royale 2 movie pls.?
What's the name of the song played in the movie \The Family\?
What are some good animated movies that came out within the past say five years?
What was the last movie that stuck with you?
I'm looking for a movie whose trailer I saw a long time ago but I forgot the name.?
In charlie chaplans 1928 movie why is there a woman on a cell phone talking and laughing? is this proof of?
Fight club or the departed?
Teen love/heartbreak films?
Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 2 Film Score?
help me remember the title of this movie.!!?
Is there any movies that show the history of America?
What older movie am I thinking of? (During the Holocaust)?
How good and how scary is Devil's Due?
Worst movie to watch?
Can you please help and tell me some good movies?
Are they making a new ferris brewer movie?
Teen princess movies?
Looking for a 1970's or early 1980's movie about a prostitute serial killer.?
How many scenes does Thranduil have in the 2nd hobbit movie?
BATMAN VS SUPERMAN movie?
In the hunger games movie, why we're the career tributes focused on hunting down and killing katniss?
What type of action movies do 12 year old boys like.?
what to watch on Netflix?
anyone seen this movie trailer can't remember the name 2013-2014?
will there ever be any movies on jeff the killer or slenderman?
Is the Disney Movie Club worth it?
Movies about sibling duos (brother/sister)?
Good action movies to watch?
somebody can inform me, what is the name of this movie?
Best movie ending you've seen?
Brother Sister Romance?
Brother Sister Romance?
Need help with a name of a movie?
What is the name of this movie?
when does catching fire come out on redbox and netflix?
dorky male character in movies?
When a Movie Ends do you always Watch all of the movie Credits ?
What was the song called at the end of Hatchet 2(2010)?
When going to the Movies have you tried Sneaking in a Café Latte drink into the Movie?
cant remember the movie?
How can a P-51 Mustang and his pilot survive multiple 30mm rounds from a Me262? (In the movie Red Tails)?
When is avatar: legend of Korra book 2 DVD release date?
Films About Suicide/Depression?
HORROR MOVIE EXPERTS NAME THIS MOVIE 10 POINTS!!?
What kind of liqour would a Wookie drink?
What one movie do you think is the scariest?
What are some horror movies that you think are underrated?
I need help looking for a movie?
how are film credits given, for instance hjow is someone credited executive producers or associate producer?
What was the first movie to feature the destruction of New York?
Horror films I should watch?
What is that romantic movie about ice skating/hockey?
Looking for good movies about sororities?
Looking for a list of teen romantic comedy movies?
Did they use the same house in the Conjuring in Insidious?
Torturing Movies with circumcision?
Why is it that many renowned television actors, never really made it far in the MOVIE industry?
what is the movie with collin firth as a gay man?
What's this song from the movie \Cyberbully\?
does anyone remember the emperors new groove?
Will the 'Maleficent' movie be tied to a 'Kingdom Hearts' movie?
Is Mega Python vs Gatoriod based on a true story?
What's the movie called where a young boy wishes that he had money ,and he wake up with money?
Looking for the name of this movie!?
Any good movie suggestions?
How can I get into a movie without an agent or experience?
Writing a movie about arranged marriage please help?
What was the song called that Crispin Glover was dancing to in Friday The 13th Part 4: The Final Chapter(1984)?
What is the name of this movie?
Am i the only boy who loves frozen?
Titanic on DVD with only one disc? 10 points?
what do you think of american horror story ?
Do you consider Maleficent evil?
Does anyone know a website where i cam watch a movie or series online?
What is the name of the movie where some firefighters get trapped in a burning building?
What bill murray movie is this?
What love stories is channing tatum in.?
Looking for movies based off real life ?
Series about time traveling newer years?
What happens in Great Expectations the 2012 film?
What is the name of the comedy movie where people race with boxes or boxs ?
What brand of eye glasses was Benico del Toro wearing in the movie Savages?
looking for astronaut scene?
What does the name \Alal\ mean?
Do legitimate literary agents charge a fee to read the script you wrote to see if they will represent you?
who elts thinks they fucked up alpha and omega with the 2ed movie?
Help me find the movie title?
what is the movie talking about a war between cowboys and apache and comanche ? in the end of the movie the p?
Teenage Baseball Movies??
I cannot think of the name of this movie?
Are there any movies like Darker Than Black?
what was the name for comedy couple?
Could anyone recommend some amazing movies?
Why? In great detail is the prequils of both star wars trilogies?
In forest gump, what does lieutenant dan smoke?
Looking For The Name Of This Movie?
What is this movie called? *Horse animated Movie*?
what is movie name about boy commiting suicide because sister bullied him at school?
having a hard time figuring out this horror film's name?
How much longer will Frozen be in theaters?
Lemony Snicket's A Series of Unfortunate Events?
Why is the constant gardner called that ???
teenage baseball film with a gay kiss?
Question about Godfather (1972)?
Can anyone tell me the name of the movie?
Anyone have any idea where this quote is from?
I'm 13 and I need movies to watch???
Fred Astaire n Ginger Rogers movie? Which one?
What does this quote mean?
what \stupid movie/s\ makes you crack up the most?
Help needed with the film Murphy's Law staring Charles Bronson?
Why did Michael Corleone watch his brother Fredo get killed?
Going to watch star wars?
80's film with a character called Tank?
Can you explain one thing in a movie 'About time' ?
what are some romantic movies?
Best modern animated movies? (last 10 years)?
What's the name of this film?
What's the name of this film?
Thoughts on this short film?
What is this film? Can't find it anywhere! (10 points)?
What would you consider to be the greatest war movie of all time?
movies that has bullying in it?
Are Men in Black movies about loneliness?
i have final draft 7 do i have to upgrade to final draft 9.?
whhat sgould I wear on the Warner bros studio tour? help.?
What are some good scary movies to watch?!?
What are the top 10 most overrated films and the most underrated film in your opinion?
What movie is this from?
When will the Maximum ride movie come out?
i have a blog on movies with streaming links can this be illegal?
Are Jay And Silent Bob Homeless?
I need the name of this movie!?
Isn't ben affleck too old for the justice league movie franchise ?
Can you recommend some television shows and movies for me?
Maybe they could get Justin Bieber to play \Speed Racer\ ?
1980s Train Movie - Orphan Girls?
Is the new Robocop film good to watch ?
What happned at the end of Silent hill 1?
Any good biographies/documentaries?
Favourite scene in The Wolf of Wall Street?
Question about the movie \The exorcist\?
Any good Russian movies and TV series?
Snow/winter movies like The Day After Tomorrow?
What happened to the Red Skull's Army?
How did Tom Cruise climb that skyscraper in Mission Impossible 4?
im looking for this movie:?
Need help finding this movie/book?!?
Is it possible to be involved in filming/hollywood just as a hobby?
how are tamil movies after 2000 better than olden day tamil movies?
Is actor R Madhavan not doing movies anymore?
BEST BOLLYWOOD MOVIE OF 2013 AND BEST CARTOONS?
How to pose when making a photo for a movie casting?
a movie thats like that please?
What are funny teen movies?
Have you watched the movie Gravity?
List of funny movies that have a hospital scene?
Name of the movie with hospital scene similar to knocked up?
In The Lord of the Rings, who is 'Not Sauron'?
Whats the movie called where a boy moves to some old looking shack, meets a girl that turns out to be a ghost?
What movie is this screenshot from?
rise of the planet of the apes (2011) line?
cant mind the movie title?
Can anyone list some Supernatural/horror Genre Codes and Conventions?
What to name my production?
Survey: Who do you think should win the oscar for Best Actor this year?
I cried when Gandalf died?
What movie is this screenshot from?
What's this movie I'm thinking of?
Why does Quenya Elvish look different spelled in english than the than tengwar? (sorry, stupid question)?
were any men killed in the movie \psycho\?
Can a person be a super model and an A-List actor at the same time?
in the movie rounders?
Where can I watch the movie The Stag online?
Do you know any movies that can see beautiful traditional garment, architecture, painting.?
In the movie \ride along\ there's this one song all I know is that it keeps repeating saying?
What's your favorite movie trailer?
Trying to learn the Elvish language?
movies were boys are using knives as tools?
Looking for the title of this movie?
What are some good movies/shows on netflix instant ?
What is the Behind the Scenes Story of \Sector Seven\ from Transformers (2007)?
Am I the only one who thinks about this?
Does anybody else hate the Disney movie Pinocchio?
Is there a movie about when the slaves were freed?
Which are the bollywood movie songs which are shot at South India ?
How does the 1999 movie \Whiteboyz\ directed by Marc Levin end?
Which american pie movies are better?
Which is Sharukh's Best movie as a Negative Role and why ?
how about salman khan perfomance in jai ho movie?
Is A Clockwork Orange a left-wing novel/movie or right-wing?
good website for movies?
Movies like these ones...?
help naming this movie?
How much does movie cost in your neighborhood?
What type of glasses does Lewis Skolnick where in \revenge of the nerds\?
what was the ending of devils due about?
What is the message in All About Eve?
American Netflix on Canadian Netflix Account?
Help me think of this movie?
need name of science fiction / horror movie?
need name of science fiction / horror movie?
I have a Child's Play question?
what movie/ tv show is this (early 2000's)?
Do you know the title of this movie?
Why did everyone hate Red Dawn movie?
whats the name of this old childrens movie?
is there any way to stop buffering on your phone Wow watching Netflix?
Movie - I am trying to find the name of a movie I saw years ago.?
Are these good themes for are movie?
Nazi symbol in the movie NETWORK?
What is your all time favourite horror movie franchise?
Who is the person in the hospital who tells the story in the movie \Pawn\?
How can I become a big movie director ?
Who do you consider the villain or Iron Man 3? Kingsley or Killian?
Can anyone help me on my assignment on the film War Horse?
i want to find a movie but don't know the name?
Name of space/asteroid movie?
The Movie Flowers In The Attic?
In what order do you like the Lethal Weapon movies 1 through 4?
What movie is this........?
Does The Thorn Birds have a happy ending?
What REALLY happened to Sean in Minority Report? (Film, Tom Cruise)?
Slayer vs Rob Zombie?
movie of possesd convict the preagnats the investigator?
movie of possesd convict the preagnats the investigator?
Are there any good sites about the MOVIE Dazed and confused?
Is Cape Fear, starring Robert De Niro, a movie worth watching ?
Question about 1980's movie about a female angel?
Name of the nickelodeon (or disney) show/movie with the bands?
is xerxes in the film 300 the husband of Esther?
Disney... Can you relate?
what is the song that was playing during the scene kyle had sex on the movie roadtrip?
Windows Movie Maker project not opening?
help with a name of a movie?
Marvel Movies: In this the right order?
Can't remember name of movie. Older movie at least before 2005!?
What is the movie about Supreme Court Justice William O Douglas called?
How was Jurassic Park filmed?
Can you name the movie character who said this?: \ Scotty let me give you a little advice...?
Symbolism in \Big Fish\ the film?
Whats this movie called(ASAP)?
What are some movies that have been remade that never should have been?
What's the name of a Black and White Movie about Witches.?
What is some really good movies?
What do you think of my post in my film blog??
What's the movie where a couple robs a bank?
what movie is the john wayne quote \life is tough but it's tougher if you're stupid\ from?
What movie is this picture from?
What's the name of the movie?
Name this movie quote and finish it if you can: Oh you English are sooo superior aren't you!?
Does anyone have the TFIOS trailer?
Horror movie fans, what do you hate most?
What is the recent horror movie that makes reference to lizzie borden and the nursery rhyme?
What is the title of this adaptation of The Frog Prince?
What is the name of this cat horror movie?
What is the debate that happens in the movie The 12 Monkeys *spoiler*?
good trumpet solo pieces?
May I please have some feedback/opinions on this final draft of my script for my film class?
Woman at the end of Schindler's List picks something off the ground?
Why do my movie torrents always freeze while playing ?
what is a good romance movie?
I need help looking and finding a movie?
Movie about a female virgin in her twentys?
Is there another pirates of the Caribbean movie coming out?
is Sholay 3D going to release in the U.S?
Adult-oriented G rated films?
What are your Best Movies of 2013?
What do you call it when an actor acts as their self in a role?
What are some movies like Ever After and Snow White and the Huntsman?
Is Broadwalk Empire worth the watch?
What is scorceses' best film?
Movie which relates to Belonging?
What are some similar movies to codename jackal or jackal is coming?
What was the documentary about the Pearl Harbor attack where the ship where over 100 US soldiers were trapped?
what is the name of this movie?
Captain Phillips movie ending?
Did the mad hatter say this? Tim Burton's alice in wonderland?
Can you explain the end of Catching Fire the movie?
What happened in the movie \Spring Breakers\?
Where can I find screenplays of popular movies?
Will there be a school of rock sequel?
I'm looking for an old movie.?
Can the Samsung Tablet 3 \8\ play 1080p movies smoothly?
which is the best and worse thing about Movie sites?
Can I use a \Bad Motherfu*ker* pulp fiction wallet in public?
New Series / Movie of Dragon Ball Z?
Are films saturated with Benedict Cumberbatch too much lately?
What is the name of the song duriing closing credits of desperado movie?
why was the butler snubbed at the oscars?
movie fans, are these movies good?
Please I don't remeber the name of the movie!?
cant find the name of ahorror movie?
One thing I don't understand in Friday the 13th part VIII?
What song is it that was used in some movie?
Which movie is better: Frozen or Tangled?
What is the name of this movie?
What is this movie called?
How are Identical twins made for films?
Should I watch 'Mud' or 'No Country For Old Men'?
What are good teen movies about highschool that was made in 2012 or 2013?
WHAT MOVIE IS THIS? NEED HELP ASAP?
where can i watch spud 2?
Who plays Shandra in diary of a mad black woman ?
Do you know a movie like this?
\Dances With Wolves\ questions- please help?
Any website where I can rent brand new movies!?
What late 80s/early 90s movie had a bunch of HS kids form a movement that was later equated w/ the Nazis?
How did the 12 monkeys infection start?
Does anyone know her name??
Does everyone know her name??
Is the movie The Immortal Intruments any good?
does anybody know a movie like this?
why isn't teen wolf on netflix anymore?
Do they still have drive in movies in the USA?
I'm trying to think of a movie I saw about a mother who kills her kids..?
Alien movie on netflix?
HELP! CAN'T REMEMBER FILM NAME?!?
website that tells you of all the latest release horror and thriller movies?
I'm looking for some good horror movies to watch?
Whats one movie you hate?
Movie with a fake boyfriend/fiancé??
A movie about aliens who come at 3:10 or 3:20 to get women. Got one pregnant and after she miscarriaged?
Does anyone know a film or series like The Secret of Crickley Hall?
Could you please advice me on films like...?
Hello everone,i hope you will be glade to know that i am roadie from season7,national alpine skiing player and?
I want to know the movie name which I once saw earlier.?
Good Comedies To Watch?
Crime/Drama/Thriller movies about Serial/Psycho killers or murder cases?
What's the name of this movie?help please.?
Any good suggestions ?
what this movie's name ?
Verified account on IMDb?
looking for a newly released 'Gravity' (2013) trailer! help!?
Horror movie about 'death wishes'?
Gene Hackman,s scarf in the movie. Enemy of the state.?
Wardrobe Questions? Please. Charles Bronson,s green duty jacket in the 1980 film BORDERLINE. Brand name please?
how is the movie \the great gatsby related to the wall street crash?
Can you help me find the title of this movie?
name of a 80s p o r n movie?
when can I watch twilight streaming?
What is this older movie called?
Good movies?? to relieve my boredom?
how to burn movies and music?
how dod the movie \intolerance\ 1916 change hollywood?
Movies like the life of pi?
What Johnny Depp movie is this?
How are the Harry Potter Coins Made?
What's your favorite or least favorite movie genres?
what movie had a guy lose his flannel shirt in a fan of a car?
what are good movies for 13 year olds?
How do the characters fly in Harry Potter?
Does anyone know what movie this gif is from?
Buy \Kickin It\ DVD?
I'm wondering which one is the movie where mother raises 2 children on island after a crash or something?
What is that British movie where the villain carries a bird on his arm?
How exactly does Fredo betray Michael in the Godfather part 2?
Any movies similar to \the day after tomorrow\ and 2012?
Paul film review help ?
what are the best disney movies?
Will Rocket Raccoon actually be a Raccoon in the Guardians of the Galaxy?
(SPOILERS) Have you watched The Iron Giant, and what did you think of it?
Why doesn't Disney real ease their older cartoons?
Can you suggest me an action movie?
A movie titled \Harold\?
What movie movie deals with the rich having nothing?
How to burn a personal DVD to another DVD?
What are some similar movies?
Any recommend sad korean movies to watch?
Is Anyone Recording Naruto Blood Prison English dub neon alley tonight?
who is the antagonist in the frankenstein series ?
When a movie starring 'Giganta' will be on theaters?
Do you think Pierre Morel Has his own style when making films?
Is there any movie which demonstrates women education and Information Technology?
WHAT IS THIS MOVIE(please help i can't find this)?
when will the hunger cathing fire be on dvd?
I'm trying to find a movie and checked almost everywhere for it.?
How Is David Finchers work influenced by the Conventions of Film Noir?
how to download a movie ?
Is Mathew McCanaughey the illegitimate child of Cary Grant?
I can not remember the name of this movie?
Do you think Andy Dufrense in Shawshank killed his wife?
Is the U.S adaptions for The Girl Who Played with Fire & The Girl Who Kicked the Hornet's Nest canceled?
a cute funny movie about teenager girls or boys !?
Me and my boyfriend want to have sex in the movies but don't know how?
'This Is The End' movie actress/extra?
A book and film with similar theme?
Movie maker problems! PLEASE HELP?
Whats the name of this movie?
Is this the \\UNCUT\\ version of the human centipede 2?
Does anyone know this movie? It was on Fox Movies on the 24th around 7pm(german time!)?
what theaters will be showing the frozen sing along?
Any Horror Films????
Good movies for improving English?
What is it called the miniseries where many actors appeared as cameo or just in the role of himself?
Are all Disney animations still hand-drawn?
What movie is this called?
what are movies simikar to cyber bully?
Whats a good movie? please?
Anyone know what movie/tv show this is?
I need a media name for my short film?
I need a media name for my short film?
Please, help me to find a horror movie about the tiny monsters?
Please, help me to find a horror movie about the tiny monsters?
What is your Top 5 Action Movies from 2000 to till date?
Black and White film with colour city?
What food do they eat in the Wayne's World movies?
hello everyone i got question about some movie please help me?
The Wolf of Wall Street, Leo's best performance?
what is the name of the old hollywood movie where a jumping mummy turns OFF when a sticker is on forehead?
Any good movies on Netflix? There all so bad?
What movie is this gif from?
Name this horror movie?
In Godfather ll , who is Raco ? Why is he Mike's 2nd ?
When is saw 8 planned for release?
What film have you seen that is the closest to a nightmare?
controversial movies?
who has watched hey arnold and helgar pataki movie?
Are AMERICAN GIRLS exactly like they are depicted in movies?
Is Huttese in STAR WARS an actual language?
Is it true that if a movie didn't win any awards is a bad movie?
How do i get a movie onto iTunes?
Good witchcraft movies?
song name in the movie yeh jaawani yeh deewani?
Rotten Tomatoes or IMDb? and WHY?
Was Kubrick a mastermind?
Do you have to see the other Jack Ryan films to see Shadow Recruit?
Which film in the Shrek film franchise do you like the most?
How do I find a director/producer for my short film script?
in iron man 3, how did tony know that harley the 8 year old was being bullied at school?
Top 5 movies on Netflix UK?
What is your Top 5 Action Movies from 2000 to till date?
in the film 'The Impossible' what does Maria cough up when in the hospital?
if we watch movies in laptop close to our eyes in a fully dark room ......does dis effect my eyesight or not?
What Asian film was it?
What are some really scary movies?
movie poster about a man sitting on a chair with cables and a computer and something attached to his head?
Any good Tsunami movies?
song played in the backround in the Movi detroit rock city when the boys meet up again they beat each other up?
In the Flowers in the Attic movie why don't the 2 teens just break down the door and leave the attic?
A old movie that i can't find ;(?
Why doesn't Netflix allow potential customers see their streaming catalog before signing up?
Who is your favorite Disney/Pixar characters of all time?
What movie is this ?
in alien: ressurection, why did the two aliens kill the other one?
In which order should I watch the x-men movies That will make the most sense?
Looking for movie. Guy removes yellow ribbon from girl's neck and her head falls off.?
LOOKING FOR A MOVIE, HELP!!!?
Any movies with a benevolent demon or demonic-like creature?
Good Romantic Movies.?
What's the scariest movie you've seen so far?
Why is it that movies based on book series always seem to end in two parts?
What TV Show/Movie is this from?
Anyone have a Netflix account I can use? (Walking Dead)?
which is the most romantic movie to watch?
What is the end credits song for the movie I, Frankenstein?
what is the latest romantic movie to watch?
Movies like It's A Boy Girl Thing?
Need Some Great Minds For No-Budget Film-Making?
Which movie do you like better Halloween (1978) or The Shining (1980)?
Why is the movie a case for you Rated R?
What movie name is this?
What's the music as the movie Don Jon starts? ?
What is the name of this movie/show?
What song comes on in the movie Lone Survivor when the guy wakes up?
movie where a man uses bandages to keep his head from exploding?
In the Disney movie Frozen, why did Elsa's parents left and how did they die?
was edison the inventor of motion picture and first movie director?
Anyone know any good teen movies?
Weekend film classes in Los Angeles?
Good documentary to watch?
What did you think about the movie Minority Report?
With lots of classics rumored to have new sequels, what are some you look forward to or hope they dont.?
Just got Netflix and it says \It looks like you've already had a free trial.\?
The name of an old animated movie?
name of this movie i put a pic up its from the 90's?
What are your thoughts on the 1986 film, \Stand By Me\?
What do you think about the new Star Wars movies?
What are the best foreign movies?
HARRY POTTER: Did Ron's parents know he was horcrux hunting?
What will happen if i order girls gone wild movie from amazon?
I cannot remember the name of this horror movie! Involves a girl who gets hit by an RV, then chased.?
what christian movie has the three kids from our time, that goes back to the old testament time?? thank you?
Why do Cathy and Christopher end up hooking up?
Dramatic, Romantic, tragic Movies ?
is the movie \We bought a zoo\ going to have a part 2?
Do you guys know this anime movie?
Yuno Gasai vs Michael Myers?
When does Justin bieber believe movie come out on DVD?
I need suggestions on some good romantic movies?
Do you see the arm getting removed in the film 'Requiem for a Dream'?
1939 wizard of oz cast getting their own prequel?
what are some of the best movies ever made?
Where to find free japanese porn movie example sky angel?
Was the ending of Captain Phillips different than the real ending?
What comedy movie is this?
I'm trying to find this romance movie...?
Are movie stars really like they are in the movies?
Does everyone walk around texting on the Enterprise from Star Trek?
HEY EVERYONE COME CHECK THIS OUT!!! 10 POINTS FOR BEST ANSWER?
Please help name this 90's movie?
How much should I get for my Studio Ghibli DVDs?
Does anyone else think The Godfather sucks?
ice cube sunglasses in movie ride along?
George Romero movies suck?
In your mind, what was \The Shining\ really about?
Taxi Driver (1976) film's ending question..?
Favorite characters from Disney movies?
Cannot figure out the name of this movie?
Where can I buy Harry's jacket in the Deathly Hollows part 2?
Harry Potter Movie Help?
Hey what do you think of this Movie Poster i made! 10 points to best answer?
I can't remember the name of this movie?
When will Modern Family be on Netflix?
lookin for good movie?
Need to know this movie title!?
A good comedy movie to re-en act?
What role would the Joker have played the Dark Knight Rises?
What is the name of this movie?
does anyone know the filming locations for Terror in the Shadows 1995 lifetime movie?
Is everything in the wolf of wall street actually real or did they add in some fake stuff to make it funny suc?
Movie Theater help????
what is the name of the 90's movie that features drone like creatures in a run down apartment building?
Is everything in the wolf of wall street actually real or did they add in some fake stuff to make it funny suc?
Any Really fun movies like practical magic!!??
What is the new movie trailer that features Stay by Rihanna?
When will the rot & ruin movie be released??!?
Movies where the main character goes through a makeover, that i don't know about?
Are there any movies like Welcome to the Dollhouse?
What is this movie called?
What's the best horror film on Netflix?
Scary movies on Netflix?
what are some really good movies to watch?
Name the last song of the movie Shallow hall?
what is this movie? i cant remember it?
What movie should I watch?
why do actors use fake names in their movies???
Is it just me Or do you think that elsa overpowered Anna in 'Frozen'?
The Grammys on E! Sunday night!?
what is the greatest horror movie ever made?
Name of the this romantic tragedy film?
Why was the movie Unstoppable from Kirk Cameron only played one night?
can someone tell me what's the name of these two actresses from this gif?
How did Loki get back to Asgard in Thor 2?
Hunger games first movie?
How was 'The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 1' Poster made?
Is The Parallax View a good movie?
What is the \melancholy song\ in Her?
is primewire.ag legal?
Does anyone know what movie this scene is from?
Can someone please tell me some movies like 50/50 and The Bucket list?
What is the name of the movie on IFC?
will there be a purge 2 ?
Trying to find a movie?
Is there going to be a Deadpool movie?
Is there a way to get Oscars on DVD?
Help me find this movie title!?
Any Sci-Fi movie suggestions?
Best hollywood movies similar to Skyfall? 2000s+?
Over 30 yr.s ag Robbie Benson starred in a movie where he lived under the stairs or in the walls of the ho?
What horror movie involves a son in a bath wih blood running from he facuet and a guy on roof with a chainsaw?
Isaiah Bone vs Yuri Boyka who would win?
What is the name of this movie?
Help with movie idea? **Urgent**?
What foreign movie is this?
Movie about a teen/young adult being shot in the back of the head by police?
What is the name of the film made in the 80's (I think) where all the electrical appliances.....?
Has anyone watched the documentary \The Square\?
What's the name of the song in the Godfather II when Fredo gets killed?
What is the theme of the movie sinister?
does the movie \the Virginian\ starring Trave Adkins have alot of profanity/coarse language?
A MOVIE THAT IS TOO SCARY TO WATCH?
In Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 1, how does the Ministry track wizards, even if it's illegal?
Can someone give me comedy movie ideas?
11-12-13 movie help please?
gone with the wind? casablanca? its a wonderful life?
What is the title of this movie? Karate theme, made in the 80's, kid and his father bullied take revenge.?
What's the name of sound played in last scene of movie Rush (2013)?
What movie has the most F bombs?
Hunger games catching fire uk?
Best comedies since 2000?
Who is your favorite \Star Wars\ character and why?
I am looking for the name of a Golden Globe-winning American film actress?
Suggestions for movies?
When does Rick Genest (Zombie Boy) appear in 47 Ronin?
What are some good rated G movies that 4th and 5th grade students would enjoy?
What movie is this from?
I'm confused about The Lord of the rings?
Has the lightsaber ever been used in a non-Star Wars movie?
I cant remember the name of this movie its bout two brothers one is a trucker and he killed his parents?
I cant remember the name of this movie its bout two brothers one is a tducker and he killed his parents?
Lord Of The Rings VS The Godfather?
Can't remember this animated movie check details !?
How old is anna and elsa in frozen?
Have u seen the movie pain and gain dwayne jhonson(the rock ) was damm funny in it.?
Whats this movie called?
Help! I can't remember the name of a show!?
Who agrees the 80s was the best decade for movies ?
Movie holes question how did Zero?
Looking for a movie about a man who accepts a bet to try and survive for 24 hours and he gets $1 million forit?
good horror movies to watch?!?
whats the name of this movie?
Why is the majority of period drama cinema british?
Pitch Perfect - the movie - is there a point .....?
Lifetime movie!!! Please help?
In Dredd, why was Judge Chan 'not asking about the second one' so suspicious?
Was Jack meets the Spartans a inspiration for 300?
What is the name of this?
Why did the movie The Iron Giant come out in 1999?
What's the name of a animation film about birds?
Can someone explain the movie Prisoners plot?
What's this film? Aliens?
Help me find a movie! ^_^?
Movies that show women being slapped, hit, domestic abuse, etc?
What movie is this scene from?
Recommend all good movies that released 2013 that is worth watching?
How can i download movies and music now ?!?
Where do I start if I want to go into film directing..?
What are good movie to watch?
what is a movie about childhood love?
I want to find a movie but I can't remember what is it callled?
What movies should i watch?
*ANIME MOVIES*?find at least one good movie that I haven't watched. Can anyone help me?
What was that cable movie in the early 80s about a woman who was using astrology to find a lover?
Is their any similar movies to these?
Is the Green Goblin going to be in the next movie?
Are they going to make a World War Z 2?
Fatal Attraction question: Dan and Alex would have been horriable parents to their unborn child?
What U.S. President was Patrick Swayze in \Point Break\?
The Wolf on Wall Street: How good is it?
What's the name of the opening soundtrack in the movie \Don Jon\?
Recommendations of mindblowing thriller movies with crazy plots?
good film for teen girls?
Should I watch [REC] in Spanish or Dubbed English?
Windows Movie maker Problem?
honest realistic teen movies?
Movies like bridget jones?
Is STREAMING movies online illegal in the US?
Eeeehmmm...I'm writing a screenplay...?
Eeeehmmm...I'm writing a screenplay...?
Idiotic comedy titles?
What is the name of these two, old horror movies?
What is the name of these two, old horror movies?
iS there a movie that talks about US Congress?
Would you watch Napoleon Dynamite 2?
good teen romance movies?
Claymation movie with lots of shorts. Could someone tell me the title to it?
What are your favourite films/movies?
About The Avengers characters...?
Do you think monster's university deserves an Oscar nomination than Despicable me 2?
Wouldn't it be so cool and fun to live in the Smart House from the Disney movie \Smart House\?
What happend to the girl in the middle of the human centipede on the human centipede?
How do I start a film club?
I am looking for this kind of movie or show i sawn an long time ago?
What is 3rd Day,Sunday Collection of Jai Ho ?
What's This Movie's Name?
How approach someone to use their empty manor house as a location for my amateur film?
What Is Your Favorite Leonardo DiCaprio movie BESIDES TITANIC?
Which Superman film is your favorite, and why?
Lord of the rings plot hole.?
Would \The Muggle-Borns\ be a good fan following name for Hermione Granger?
Who is the lead actor in the 40's version of The Picture Of Dorian Gray?
Was the movie Anchorman based on a true story or all fiction?
Whats this movie called ?
What film is this? Please tell me!?
Legality of referencing pop culture in film?
What's that scary vacation movie called?
Movies about missing your ex boyfriend ?
Is there any good films with alot of sinking/flooding?
Which Carrie movie is better 1976 or 2013?
What are your top ten horror movies/scary movies?
1990's Made for T.V. Suspense/Thriller Movie - don't know the title, but want to see it again!?
how long is movie american hustle?
What are your top 5 thrillers movies?
Will this activity be standing out?
Were the movies Paper Moon, The Champ, and Yentl overrated?
What film to watch in a bad mood?
Good films like this is England?
Is season 1 thru 3 of criminal minds available on netflex dvds?
Making a Found Footage Horror Movie, Ideas?
Amazing romantic movies?
Will they ever make another one?
What are the reasons for joker smile in the movie batman dark knight?
TWILIGHT vs HARRY POTTER?
What movie is this??????
What is it like working at Regal Cinemas?
Winter apocalypse movies like The Day After Tomorrow?
What is the horror movie that is called \Where is...\ I do not know the second half of the title.?
Non-comic book fans: Do you know any of Superman's villains besides Lex Luthor and General Zod?
Tell me some extreme horror movies list names?
Which movie should I watch, a Pelvis Restly or The Fugative.?
Why doesn't Marlon Brando have an Italian accent in The Godfather?
Just watching Machete Kills here and it's probably the worst film ever. worse than Avatar maybe?
What's your favorite movie in the Nightmare On Elm Street series and why?
Why do people say all kids love the Star Wars prequels?
Sad romantic movie suggestions?
INSTRUMENTAL IN RUSH WHEN HUNT WINS THE CHAMPIONSHIP?
Chained 2012 movie what is happening at the end credits?
What is the name of this indian movie please ?
Great Movies That Will Surely Make Me Cry?
Help, what is the name of this movie????
Any good movie? I need help ASAP?
Question about Star wars in india ?
What outside character would you add to Harry Potter universe?
How do they make film intros?
Hollywood films about loans?
In the movie credits you see a lot of jobs, but is there a list of what those people exactly do?
Good films for 15 year old girl?
How did coulsons heart end up in pieces?
Which movie is this big busted girl in?
EBAY SELLER sold me BOOTLEG dvd that does not work what can I DO ABOUT THIS?
Please answer this question (10 points)?
If Clary is a shadowhunter how can she been seen by people?
Did you watch Jai Ho ?
Will Disney release Frozen 2?
I want to know contact info of Andrea Riseborough (actress in Tom Cruise's movie OBLIVION)?
Interesting movies on the enviromnent?
Whats the name of the movie where a kid wears red high heels and lipstick and play soccer?
what is the movie where a black guy dies and goes in the body of a white rich guy?
I watched a movie and I can't remember the movies name,please help.?
Good comedy movies for teens?
How do i make a character that is shy around girls?
Any one knows release date of timepass 2 (Marathi movie).?
What's so great about The Shawshank Redemption?
Should I pursue my childhood dream?p?
What's the song that plays at the end of the movie 'Her'?
Who are the top 5 horror film directors of all time?
Are there any movies about ancient history that are NOT about war/fighting?
Poll: Name the first movie that made you cry?
what letter must you get the actor to sign when filming them?
Im looking for the name of an old ninja movie with the 3 ninjas wearing demon masks?
I'm thinking of a movie?
Whats are some movies with a lot of name teens/young adult girls in them?
Whats some funny quotes from \Getting that girl\ movie?
Romance movies that can be represented as a horror in a short trailer? I WILL VOTE BEST ANSWER?
Movie villains who appear to be good?
Do you think actors watch their own movies?
Best movie series out of these 3?
Who would you say is the greatest director?
Any one knows this movie?
abt silent Hill revelation?
What would be an example of economic inequality in the movie Wall Street?
Where is the supermarket scene in the movie ninja assassin?
What do you think about movie reboots that change the ending?
what are some good movies to watch on computer that are older than 2013?
Do You Know Where This Gif Is From or At Least Recognize the Actor?
What movie is this from?
is there any movie where the girl is shy and is unpopular?
what are the movies? List movies like a lot of full frontal nudity scenes?
Kids Movie Animated ?
Does any one know this movie?
What movies scare you?
what movie is this (Warning this movie isnt well known)?
have they made a trailer for the faults in our stars?
Help me identify this movie please?
What fan name can we give Hermione?
Whats the song in the movie Real Steel?
Whats the song in the movie Real Steel?
Good coming of age movies?
Help me to identify a movie?
What movie is it where one actor goes to shush another actor or actress with his finger then smudges her face?
Who was more evil? Night Slasher from Cobra or Owen Davian from Mission Impossible 3?
what are the names of these movies?
What is this baseball movie called?
do the ben 10 movies follow the series?
What's this movie?
What is this movie i'm thinking of?
What kind of spider was used in the movie, Arachnophobia? Or was it all special effects?
what are some good romance/drama movies?
Romantic teen comedies and movies?
Help on a fairly unknown independent movie name?
Hunger Games Character Trivia?
Whats your favourite movie?
what is the name of the animated movie where the superhero goes to earth and the jealous brother follows him t?
Mermaid movie ?? please help!!?
A math question about the movie limitless!?
Is American horror story on Canadian Netflix!?
Who movie is better: Titanic (1997) vs Titanic 2 (2010)?
Thai movies that are sweet and cute?
Can someone design a movie poster?
What movie had the Das Boot Drinking challenge in it?
12 years a slave movie, help!?
Do you know this BGM?
Movies like the book series Perfect Chemistry?
which is the best site watch english movies online?
The Lion King on Netflix?
what movie is this, I think it's early 2000.?
I cant find the movie i'm looking for!?
My top 10 Movies of all time?
Please can I get some opinions?
I can't Remember a movie Title :( Can anyone help me please..?
When does the next mortal instruments movie come out?
Whats the name of this movie?
What is the brand name of the shoe Max Minghella wore in The Internship while riding the bike?
Any good movies or books to watch/read?
some actual scary movies?
Name this movie about a detective whose a murderer and kills people with his watch?
when is the sequel for mars needs moms coming out?
Robert Redford or Clint Eastwood?
Top 5 scariest movies of all times?
Was it Ms Loomis or Mickey who did this in Scream 2?
What are good sci-fi movies?
Movies where we see the story from the villain's point of view?
I still don't get Carrie's ending 2013?
What is the name of the japanese movie that has a woman and a guy that looks like a lizard?
where Watch Jai Ho Movie Online?
What do all four of these movies have in common: Inception, The Departed, Serenity, Crazy Stupid Love.?
good trojan war movies on netflix?
Sadness scale of The Notebook?
How can a movie be a epic fail if it was liked by millions?
What does rebellion mean in the hunger games?
Name of this movie on sci fi channel?
Title of the movie in which a wolf girl that falls in love with a man who draws books.?
How did this quote \you can't handle the truth\ become popular?
whats the best food at when you see a movie?
I need help finging a movie?
Was Bert Reynolds in good physical shape when he was doing movies in the 60s and 70s?
The theme of the disney movie Frozen?
Woody Allen fans: Annie Hall vs Manhatten?
how can i download an online movie safely to my computer?
Is it hard to get a job in film/marketing?
where can i watch thor 2 online?
Where was the battle between the gungans and droid army filmed in Star Wars Episode 1?
Does jurassic park look better on blu ray?
What movie is \underwater basket weaving\ from?
Which samurai movies should I buy?
What is your favourte slasher movie?
I forgot some movie name. Can u help me?
Netflix movies about troubled teen girls?
Cars 2 film trailer music name?
\the secret\ 2007 movie soundtrack?
Do they record the Oscars and put them on DVD?
Any romantic/comedy Japanese or Korean movies?
Is project X based on a true story?
What is this movie called?
What's that movie where the guy goes to sleep and a space ship lands in the back yard?
I can't remember the name of this movie?
What is this movie called?
help to find movie from 90s?
Anyone seen the movie 'Short Term 12'?
In the 1996 movie Heat, what was the type of rifle used by Al Pacino during the bank robbery?
What movie should I watch?
when will saw 8 be out?
Movies with murder scenes?
what are the odds of a kickass 3 film ?
DVD by mail websites?
Need a list of alien invasion movies. Please help?
WW2 film with a Saboteur?
What are the bes romantic movies you could think of?
The theme of the disney movie Frozen?
Where does Flynn Rider talk about Arendelle?
who are you favorite actors and your worst actors?
movie with fire boy and water girl?
will there be a kickass 3?
Trying to find a sci fi movie I saw ages ago when I was a teenager ....?
Can someone help me remember a movie?
I really need a new show or movie to watch?
can someone please find me this movie to watch it online?? 10 points!?
Comedy movie with a family parents and 2 kids?
Help about a movie title?
Is insidious 2 scary?
Name of a movie about an inheritance?
Could someone describe the Thing?
can someone gibe me a good description of eris from the movie sinbad? please ..?
What is this movie/scene?
Can a fantasy story be sci-fi too? Like Avatar?
I need help with a movie title...?
Does anyone remember the psychology game that was promo for this movie?
Is this a caracter cameo in Disney's Princess and the Frog?
When is Sean Bean's birthday?
Where can I watch Steve McQueen's short films online?
Question about a movie i am searching for?
Where i can get the movies taboo 1,2,3?
trying to find an old Chinese movie?
Whats the name of the movies where a mans baby boy and wife die in a car crash?
Why have so many movie studios opted to ditch iTunes digital copy for Ultraviolet?
Why is CGI used SO MUCH?!?
why are there no war films about Veitnam from the Vietnamese point of view?
Good World War II movies?
Special effects for The Blob (1988)?
Is Paranormal Activity The Marked Ones Really Scary?
will there be a city of ashes movie you know like the first one and if so when ???????
what movie shall i watch?
What is the name of this movie?
name this action film please?
Funniest comedy movies of all time?
Can I understand the movie \Captain Phillips\ without the subtitles on the pirates?
The theme of the disney movie Frozen??
Trying to remember a movie. I cant remember much about it?
ok im looking for the name of a movie about a man who creates this program that can view peoples memories?
Which Die Hard has the most F-bombs?
whats a good highschool movie but nothing pg13?
can someone tell me the name of this movie?
Someone well-versed with horror films?
I can't find the movie ?
Name of Indie film I think.?
What movie is this gif from?
can anyone tell me the name of this hindi movie?
Was Christopher zReeves wheelchair standard issue?
Do you like any of following? Tom cruise,rob lowe,emilio estevez,ralph macchio,matt dillon,patrick swayze?
Need help on the Leprechaun movies?
Where can I watch the walking dead with spanish subtitles?
Any movie recommendations?
Question on IMDB Top 250?
does anyone knows the name of this movies? please?
How do I tweet a picture of shreks shrock?
What kind of Disney Princess movie do you want to see next?
Why pornographic film in the United States is so developed?
What do you think of this movie .........?
National Rail - short film about skydiving?
I want to calculate the time I spent watching films?
Leprechaun Films: How many were there?
Whats the funniest movie ever?
What are the most scariest movies ever made?
Help - What film is this?
The shining vs saw movie?
you know actor Liev Schreiber, I want some movies starring him, please?
Watch movies for free website?
What's this Movie called?
What is the most scary horror movie you've ever seen?
Scientific topic/concept for a short movie or film (animated) ?
Recent films set in the South and/or the 1950's?
what is the name of this movie?
What movie is the Simon Helberg Al Pacino impression in TBBT episode \Dungeons and Dragons\ from?
Girlfriend and me- Cute DVD?
Can't remember the movie name ?
Anyone knows this movie?
I can't add a theater to my favorite theaters in yahoo movies?
Will Thorin IN PETER JACKONS'S film die at the battle of the five army's?
Was the film \Inglorious Basterds\ shown in Germany?
Just watched flowers in the attic. Incest?
Name a few romantic-comedy movies that men likes?
am i a superhero??????
Movies like Lust caution?
Good Movie Scenes to Reenact/Act out?
What are really funny movies from these days?
Name of Asian (I think Hong Kong) alien movie?
Which movie is better?
Why some movies on imdb have rating before they are released, most of them don't?
Movies like.. Truman show and pleasantville? recommend me movies?
why batman from the dark knight rises got me confused at the end?
would a person who was hypnotised be considered a zombie?
Could you recommend some good movies with female comedians?
Best Cleribies Movies Where I can Watch?
Help translating \warrior\ into lord of the rings elvish?
Why Miranda Cosgrove's site isn't ready yet?
how to make cinema that \producer presnts animation video \say that software name?
Why do people pretend the saw series doesn't have a story and is just gore?
Where is this quote from? \You don't know what you don't know and you never will.\?
Any Good Movies To Watch??? description below?
Movie PremiereTickets?
Anyone know the release date of this movie?
The theme of the disney movie Frozen?
Scariest horror movie you can think of?
Snowy friday night movie?
What movies are most disturbing?
good movies of 2010 to 2013?
Can't remember name of movie..(tough one)?
What's the name of this movie?
When is the release of fast and furious 7?
help me identify this obscure horror movie?
Do you think the new Robocop reboot will suck balls?
Lionsgate Movie in which some girl is an assassin and goes over to japan/china...??
how to find help with finding the name of a movie?
Who watch Bollywood movies outside india?
What is the name of this movie?
What is your favorite Star Wars Episode?
whats the name of that movie?
I'm looking for a movie of that type...?
How is Jai Ho movie? Is it recommended?
What's the name of this recent movie straight to dvd released around 2010-2011?
Anyone Know the bar from the Blind Date Scene in the About Time Movie?
Is there any movie that you will not watch just because of an actor or actress that is in it?
Have you watched Jai Ho (2014) what's your opinion of this movie.?
Tales from the crypt episode?
netflix might be increasing price?
what movie is this? (older film)?
Anyone know the name of the movie that came out in the late 90's about the giant with no heart.?
I downloaded a movie an it is in a few .cbr files?
Changes in star wars movies?
What are movies similar to indiana Jones?
What is your favorite Disney movie?
I have been wondering what is the movie with the scene where a young guy catches his girlfriend...?
Name Of Movie Help??!!?
Chinese romance movies?
Where can i see indiana jones and jurassic park in theaters?
What's the name of the movie this scene is from?
is the second season of Orange is the new black on Netflix?
How would you rate \The Conjuring\ in terms of its scariness (out of 10)?
Help finding obscure, rare film?
Help finding obscure, rare film?
should I watch LOTR first or the hobbit?
any nude scenes in front of kids in movies?
which movie do you prefer Carrie 1976 , Carrie 2002 or Carrie 2013?
Good Sites With Oscar Winner Predictions?
Have you guys watch 1982 \The Thing\ film?
What movie is this creature from?
any Movies that involve relationoships between psychologists and patients ?
What is the movie that is similar to Logan's Run?
What is it called end of a movie?
I need help finding this certain movie?
Do any of you enjoy classic films?
Romance movies set during war?
Am I the only one who thinks Blade Runner (1982) is overrated?
Which of these movies should I see?
Can someone please explain the ending of Wrong Turn 3 for me?
Films that open with text/quotes?
Gimme a really good feel good/emotional movie to watch on Netflix?
Does anyone remember the name of the mulan movie that started off in watercolor, and wasn't mulan 1 or 2?
in the movie The Craft, what song is playing when Chris tries to sexually assault Sarah? And who is it by?
Who is your favourite Frozen character and why?
Can You Recommend Movies?
What are some good classic movies?
help name of teen movie from 2000s?
The movie \Lincoln\ and government class?
What do you think of Bradley Cooper?
whats the difference between overcome and turn around?
Name of this old movie? Old couple gets a robot son in the mail?
what defines a b movie?
any movie theaters in ny with photo booth in it ?
The theme of the Disney movie Frozen??
What movie is this from?
Who played a lawyer with ponytail?
Where can I find this movie?
Will there be a National Treasure Part 3?
Netflix movie recommendations please!! :)?
The Usual Suspects movie question?
Question about Anchor Man 2?
what is treatment in screenplay writing process?
I have seen Insidious 3 and im not a fan of horror but it didnt seen to scare me. Would the marked ones scare?
Can't remember name of movie. Help?!?
Poll: What is the worst movie you have seen and why did you hate it?
does anybody know any sad adventure movies on netflix?
What are some good series available on Netflix?
Halloween 2014, dress up ideas please?
Does anyone know that mysterious music played in the background of that movie DISTURBIA???!?
\The Original Sound of Music with English Subtitles\, doesn't really seem to have subtitles?
Looking for a sci-fi movie, 10 point?
What movie is this quote from?
Movie Suggestions for a Movie Night with friends?
What Part(s) of Titanic did you cry the most?
Is there a movie called \Ass\?
What's a good movie to watch on Netflix?
After downloading from utorrent my movies do not play properly?
movies & TV shows that relate to astronauts, please?
Do you have much difficulty in finding a person to talk intelligently about film with?
Beginning sone in Gone Missing Lifetime movie??????
In the movie 'Pitch Perfect', what D.J app was Becca a.k.a Anna K using on her laptop?
What are some movies on Netflix about guys who are chick magnets?
Omg please what movie is this from???
what are some good movies to watch?
Name of a movie about Quantum physics?
What do you have to say about The Wall (Pink Floyd) movie?
What is the name of the this movie, about young men in a nazi training camp?
butcher or fishmonger etc takes in a young man and the young man sleeps with his wife?
Did They Ever Finish The Blue Exorcist Movie, It Was Only 30 mins And Looked Like It Was Just Getting Started?
historical american films that take place in the 1700s to 1900s?
Name of lifetime movie?
I cant remember what movie this is...?
What are the 3 rounds of sm audition?
In the movie Face/Off, how did Archer (disguised as Troy) convince that one inmate to attack the guards?
Good Movie Help Please?
Recommend good Independent or Foreign movie for Netflix streaming?
Why does Jessica Rabbit love Roger Rabbit?
Pitch Perfect 2.......................?
any good movies for 11 year old girls to watch?
War Movie Title Question?
Anyone watched Battle Royale (Japanese) story is confusing?
What movie or show is this from?
Freddy Krueger vs Keita Kawahira?
How to forget about a scary movie?
do netflix really email you if you're ok?
Is the conjuring the scariest movie in 2013?
Can u give a list of funny james franco films?
Beetlejuice character?
Is it possible for a bitchslap to knock someone in the air?
When does the 5th season of White Collar come out on Netflix?
How long does it take for a movie on hold to arrive at the library?
What are teen romance movies similar to the relationship Rusty had in Stuck in Love?
What is the name of this mystery/horror movie with dolls in it?
Film characters with SHORT blonde hair?
Know any -Villain to Hero- or -Bad to Good- characters?
Can i get into a 14A movie when i'm 13?
Film characters with SHORT blonde hair?
Can you sell candy near a movie theater?
Know any -Villain to Hero- or -Bad to Good- characters?
has anybody watched the movie 'The Help' ?
Will \12 Years a Slave\ win Best Picture?
What is the name of this movie?
Does anyone know this movie?
Is there any detailed 'Behind the scenes' for any good film?
will there or is there another resident evil movie coming out in the future because i loved those movies?
Which movie is better Letters to Juliet or Dear John?
From what movie/show is this?
what happened to the spider that bit spiderman?
a movie that the actress needs to put sand at the door or even at the first step of the bus?
What is the youngest Disney classic?
Zombie movie suggestions?
How much does a Movie Theatre Pay in Royalties per film shown?
What exactly did the Asian guy with the sign 'willing to debase' himself mean in Dredd?
Looking for a obscure movie?
aaaaa name of a movie?
what was the song at end of the movie scene in night at the museum?
remaining Blockbusters?
is being mary jane on netflix?
What movies should I see?
How do orcs have babies?
canada making digital copies of physical dvds I own.?
does anyone know this movie?
In which book and movie does Nico di Angelo showed up?
What are some movies about the internet?
Weird movies for a movie marathon?
Who financed \Mama\ (That horror film)?
give me names of movies?
good movie recommendations?
good movie recommendations?
Can I get the Orange Wednesday deal on War Horse?
Good Classic old movies?
Where can I watch Orbit Ever After?
what movie you watching/last watched?
Please, can I have some feedback on this short film script I'm working on please?
What are all the awards for movies, actors, scripts, production, etc?
What would be your dream cast for this movie?
how to get into a film your not old enough for?
what is the name of this film?? URGENT !!?
what is the name of this film?? URGENT !!?
Did you ever realize how dark children's movies were back in the 90's and further back?
Hello, please do not recognize this movie? much he does not remember but it's something.?
What based-on-a-true-story film do you insipre the most?
So How You Do Explaining About The Mean Girls Character Regina George (Rachel McAdams)?
When movie producers set films in ancient times, what music challenges do they face?
How do I watch movies on Netflix on my computer?
Questions about the movie 9 to 5?
Is there \My Sassy Girl\ in good quality?
You liked the wolf of wall street?
what movie is this song John Jacob jingle hi mer Smith in?
Favorite movie from year of 1960s to 2000s?
Are they Gonna Make Another Cruise Ship Disaster Movie?
Really sad/tragic movies?
What are your Top 5 favorite James Bond films?
What are Thor's sleeves called?
Ninja kid comedy from 80s, maybe 90s - not American? Can you help me figure out its name? Maybe dubbed English?
What are your top 5 thriller Movies?
Is Pierce the Veil's newest documentry This Is Wasteland being shown on UK television?
What is the name of this movie where a sick perverted guy who work for the mob that put in witness protection?
Can anyone send me stories for short film on \suicide\ concept for free of cost?
If i said \Life is Cinema\ what would you think it means?
What are your opinions about the bollywood movie 'Heartless'?
What's the title of the movie where this rocker gets locked in a plane?
Anyone own all the Barbie movies? Help me with finding the songs?
Eves mother?what was her name?
Great Gatsby/ Roaring 20's prom title?
thriller or crime movie for a roadtrip?
Autumn by David Moody?
Does anyone know the name of this film?
what was the name of the movie?
i wanted to know the Sound track from the movie \her\ 2013?
Please Help me find the name of this movie!?
Why won't Netflix use my card?
What is the best english movie in 2013?
In the film THG: Catching Fire, why was the man who welcomed Commander Thread covered with black sack?
trying to find a film on video?
Familiar song that must be from a TV series or a movie?
Non Disney Animated film can't remember title!?
Who is the best actor of all time?
What is the name of the lifetime movie where a mom shoots a man in court who was molstating her son?
Looking for the name of a movie?
Suppose I make a film \ Mere hero ki maiyat and villan ki jeet \......?
What d'you think of our Kickstarter film?
Which film won the best telugu film award at the 60th national film awards present at last year?
Can anyone tell me what types of diagnostic tests & screening were used in the 1995 film Outbreak?
What is the scariest movie you have watched?
How can i download twilight breaking dawn part 2 in hindi language...??
Best Movie of 2010's so far?
I have just open a site about reviews of games, gadgets and movies?
Ending of Enter the Void????!!!!!!!?
A bag full of money hits the bonnet of a car thrown by the villain (double role) from the bridge.MOVIE TITLE?
Really bored what movies should i watch?
Just BROKE Blu Ray Disk HELP?
Help! What movie am I thinking of?
Have you ever gone to see a movie more than once in a weekend?
what was lord blackwood doing in the beginning of Sherlock Holmes movie?
does anyone know what this movie is called?
which bike is used in snakes on a plane (movie) in starting?
What year do you think the film Kick Ass 3 will come out ?
movie about a hopeless romantic guy?
did the butler get oscars noms? how many and what catagory/who was nom too?
What are some good creepy horror/thriller movies?
what's the name of this movie?
What is this 90s kids horror film?
best movie that make you cry?
I wrote a story for indie movie and is very similar to a recent movie. What should I do?
What song does Tom Cruise listen to when he is in the lake house?
Good zombie or apocalypse movies?
Did anyone see this film that a forgotten gem (read description)?
What movie is this screenshot from?
does anybody know a site where i can watch this korean movie?!?
I was planning to attend Maleficent movie premiere in Europe, any idea when it will be scheduled?
Could you name some movies like Gladiator which teaches honor ?
what is the best movie to watch while your frying?
where do all the Tron fans go?
Need help remembering a movie about a British hotel maid?
Is it hard to become an actor for like lord of the rings and those kind of movies?
Is it hard to become an actor for like lord of the rings and those kind of movies?
Is it hard to become an actor for movies like lord of the rings and that kind of genre?
Movies about revenge on bullies?
what was the ending all about in the movie Riddick (2013)?
What is the first song played as soon as the credits start in the movie American Me?
Can't remember what movie this is?
iTunes Preordering Help!?
Making money from home made porn?
What is this movie??
What are some short cowboy western movies?
what is the ending credit song from the movie american me?
What is this movie with Matt Damon?
Which Experience is better, AMC IMAX or United Artist IMAX?
Any movies set mainly in school?
Have any characters in Freddy Krueger ever tried this possible loophole?
Who are Adelaide and johnny in Flowers in the attic?
Who are Adelaide and johnny in Flowers in the attic?
where do actors live when filming in nature?
What's your favorite Arnold Schwarzenegger and Sylvester Stallone movie?
How much film experience do I need on my resume?
i don't remember the name of this movie?
Can Freddy Manipulate the dreams of someone who isn't scared of him?
How long will Frozen be in theaters?
Looking For A 1990s Sci-Fi TV Movie?
Where's a good place to throw a Zombie Birthday Party?
Who is the man with a really long beard that lived inside the mountain?
Who will win the Best Actor in a Leading Role Oscar this year?
Netflix Credit Card Error Message?
What's the name of this movie?
What is this movie I am looking for?
i need help naming a movie it was on vhs tapes?
What movie should i watch.?
If the made a film on Eminem, would Tom Cruise be a good actor choice to act him?
-poll- What is your favourite scene from The Shawshank Redemption?
Help me find this Movie!?
What is the song from the Fifth Estate movie where Daniel quits/gets fired from his job?
what movie is this quote from? \that cloud looks like a birdie\?
What are some good revolution movies or series?
What is the name of p*** star on 0:34 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fhyNZDGs228?
I need help with a plot of a short movie for my video productions class?
What movie is this please help?
What is the movie My Own Private Idaho about?
Which Ernest Movie or Appearance where Ernest race with bicycle in the opening scene?
Are you here to kill me?
Is Plutarch Heavensbee in The Hunger Games good or bad?
how did drama originate ?
Can someone explain this movie quote from \Top Gun\..?
What are your top movies of the year (2013)?
What do you think of these movie ideas?
Which horror movie slasher do you think is better, Michael Myers or Jason Vorhees?
What horror movie is?
Why are Anakin's clothes as a ghost different than his Revenge of the Sith clothes?
Is there going to be a sequel to Project X?
What are some good shows and movies to watch on Netflix?
Scary movie title help!?
Thoughts on my blog post for the :top 10 best films of 2013\?
Are there any movies with a scene of a sports trainer taking care of an athlete?
What is this horror movie?
need help remembering a movie - 4 horsemen appear near end.?
Which movie is better: Avatar or Titanic?
What is the sound effect used to indicate loss of hearing (i.e. from a blow to the head)?
Any Sexy Girly Movies About Sex?
what's the name of that HBO movie?
Why do all teen movies take place at huge high schools?
What's the best Disney cartoon/movie?
What is the lifetime movie where a mom shots a man in court for moola sting her son?
What is this movie called?
Who knows the movie ?
need help mystery movie?
Are there any movies that involve a boyfriend killing a girlfriend or vicae versa?
Who is the fan art of a boy who looks like Elsa from Frozen?
Should movie theaters create electronic glasses that show subtitles for the hearing impaired...just a thought?
Are there any movies that center on draft dodgers during the vietnam war?
Need movie suggestions about the spanish inquisition or dark ages?
what is the name of this horror movie?
name this movie please.a cop and a journalist main characters?
did they ever make or are they in the making of a mrs. doubtfire 2?
Trying to remember some horror movies I saw bits of, any help?
What movie is this?!?
Name of old comedy film?
Any freaky scenes in The Fly?
What are some good old fashioned movies?
Is the new Robocop better then the old school!?
Any good movies to watch on netflix ? 2014?
If you could do anything regardless of human limits, what would it be?
Who's account of lone survivor is it from?
Forgot the film title,please help...?
I have always wondered what happens to musicians when their fame is over?
Are there any romance movie that fits this description?
when actors sign a contract for a film and the film is more successful than expected, do they get more pay?
What films are as funny as these?
Why didnt showtime air the movie back to the future part III in 1991?
What are some good films to make on Christmas of family?
help finding a movie?
a question about making a zombie movie which side would you look at in it.?
If i'm 15, are people younger than me aloud into a M 15+ Cinema Australia?
What is this film called?
i saw a movie a gew years ago as a child but i cant remember what its called and its driving me crazy?
i saw a movie a gew years ago as a child but i cant remember what its called and its driving me crazy?
do you know any good philosophical, sci fi-horror film?
Should I watch 'Drive' or 'The Hunt'?
What happens next...I sent my tagline to an up and coming production company at their request?
What is your favourite movie in which you hated the central character?
What are some teenage romance movies to watch?
What was the last movie released on VHS?
Good Teen Movie Suggestions?
Specific movie type im looking for?
What do you think of these movie ideas?
Should I use subtitles in a film when the interviewee is speaking broken english?
Movie about bed wetting?
Questions about the Disney movie, Frozen?
What's the music playing at the beginning of many older DVDs?
List of good movies...?
Whats Your Best Movie You Seen In Your Life?
What should I go to see in the movies (for a teenager)?
movie where girl goes through fireplace into old mining tunnel and falls in hole next to skeleton of girl?
Does anyone think that Mirkwood wasn't dark enough in the new Hobbit film?
Will history repeat itself?
I the name of the song from the I, Frankenstein trailer?
What show/movie is this from?
Is American Psycho a disturbing/gruesome movie?
What's the best horror movie, EVER MADE?
whats your favourite movie?
Can someone find me a clip of a person telling someone not to jump? Any movies you can refer me to?
Good horror films to watch with friends?
Help with production company names?
What is the french short clip about the boy who dies in an isolated town by inhaling the gas?
Who saw the movie \Drive\?
Need an idea for an opening scene for a thriller movie media coursework?
The Thick of it? I found season 1 rubbish. Does it get any better, shall i continue watching season 2?
What is this movie? People suddenly stopped dying?
if my Netflix account ran out of money will it sign me out on mobile devices?
What is this movie called?
What does the quote masturbation is self improvement mean?
How easy/difficult is it to get a job at Major Motion Picture Studio?
Will there be a secound movie of iam number four?
what should i name a short film about a guy walking through a dark forest, gets knocked out, but dies by a car?
In movie scenes when stunt doubles are used, how is it done so that we see the actor and not the stunt double?
Which Celebrities Do You Prefer Over The Other, and BQ?
in starship troopers, how many rounds do their guns have?
Can you give me some AMERICAN martial arts movies?
is there a quarantine 3?
Do you think Disney movies are becoming better story wise?
help! where can I watch these short films?
How to write a dark comedy?
what DVDs should i get for movies?
Was the lone survivor movie financed by the US army?
Can't remember the name of a horror movie?!!?
How can i get started in film-making?
What are the top 10 most overrated films and the most underrated film in your opinion?
what are some movies that are so bad?
Should I read the book?
why won't some dvds from europe play on a dvd player?
did Tom Cruise do his own singing in the movie rock of ages?
Can you say me the name of this movie?
Is is weird that I don't like superhero movies?
What is the song on The Secret Life of Walter Mitty when he's riding the bike in Iceland?
Who acted as mammootty mother in the film Maniyara ?
Movie survey for The Hobbit?
What is your ultimate favorite Arnold Schwarzenegger film and least favorite?
Good action thriller movies?
What is your favorite blu ray movie to pop in and watch?
any good movie suggestions?
Hey, geeks and Harry Potter fans?
Someone please tell me what this SyFy movie is...?
does anybody know this movie????whats it CALLED?
What is this movie called? about time travel...read description!?
Does Thor 2 suggests a war between earth and Vanaheimr ?
Where can I get The Dark Knight Rises (batman) in full voiced spanish (to learn spanish)?
Need Feebback For An Action Movie Website?
whats new movies have a lot of sensual sex scenes?
Zombie undead movie took place in prison?
how old is steven segal? what year and day was he born?
What is your Top 3 Action Movies from 2000 to till date?
What will be the opening day collection and lifetime collection of hindi movie salman starrer jai ho 2014?
What is this weird film I saw?
What will be the opening and lifetime collections of salman starrer jai ho movie 2014 ?
What are some good disaster movies?
What show/movie is this?
In Iron Man 3 was Aldrich Killian evil or misunderstood?
What is that one movie about a girl who puts a Red A on her clothing?
what are the steps evolved in between an idea and final draft of a screenplay (feature film)?
Which is better: Great Gatsby 1974 or 2013?
Deep inspiring movies?
Name of this kung fu movie?
What is the name of the movie?
Has anyone seen the film 'Berberian Sound Studio'?
A short film / documentary idea?
In Cinderella, did the cat Lucifer die?
what are some good romance movies on netflix?
Which is a good romance comedy movie to watch with my crush?
who's your top 5 over rated entertainers in music or movies? top 5 under rated?
Is the edited version of Hollow Man rated?
Is The Goonies is scary?
what are some good movies?
Where can I buy this DVD?
Poetic documentary recommendations?
In the movie Just one of the girls, why did Kurt shake Chris' hand instead of punch him?
I'm trying to remember a classic movie?
old horror movie.man drives thru patch of fog, into town of corpse eaters?
would a director of a movie get a free pass to see it at any cinema or would he must pay full price admission?
are there movies like harry potter,percy jackson?
is the movie ''i spit on your grave'' scary?
Anyone else notice there are no Lego Marvel characters in the Lego Movie?
film about half black girl in 1800's?
Should I watch free birds or the secret life of Walter Mitty?
what stoner movie is this?
What movie is this screenshot from?
What are your top 5 favorite movies?
best final scene .....?
I'm looking for a title of a movie and it's driving me crazy.?
can i redistribute hindi movies songs?
Can't remember the name of a movie I saw a long time ago?
i am looking for a harry potter fanficion that i can't remember the name of.?
Who are your Top 5 favorite movie characters of all time?
Trying to find a certain movie?
If Nolan returned for Dark Knight 4?
Man of Steel 2 or Dark Knight 4?
What do you know about the Barry Perelman agency?
Aliens that look like human brains that attach themselves to you and kill you...what movie?
Good M and MA horror movies?
In episode 5, why does vadar already know Luke's name before he knows its his son?
What's the name of the movie where the lady goes to jail?
Is the movie Parasite (1982) any good?
Marvel's Age of Ultron vs DC's Batman vs Superman film?
Star Wars episode to watch first?
What movie would be the coolest this 2014?
Good Horror Movies for me to watch?
Why was there an uprising in district 12 in catching fire?
What happened to my netflix free trial?
which is next film of pavan kalyan?
Why do the peacekeepers kill the old man in catching fire?
which movie do u think will win Oscar this year??
Old movie kind of like the woman in black?
where to find 20th century fox company agents?
what was the movie called?
is there a movie site where you can type in movies you like and they will give you similar ones?
What are some zombie charateristics in the movie Zombieland?
GRINDHOUSE fake trailers?
Why did it take Elsa in Disney Movie \Frozen\ three years before she was Queen?
How old was the kid in Big Daddy?
Can you name this movie?
Am I a bad person for liking horror films?
Title of a movie about a women act and wear clothes like men?
What is this european movie!?
movies similar to standing up on netflix?
Help! I need to know the title to this movie?
When do AMC theaters close their concession stands?
What is a good scary movie to watch?
Is gia a hallmark movie?
Any movies/show with....?
Must see movies on netflix?
What is the name of this movie about artificial birth by machines, and a pill used as a contreceptive?
Spiderman 3 Movie last scene...???
What is the name of the movie where a guy is obsessed with a model/actress?
How many seats are in a movie theater?
Can anyone walk me through the steps of making a good independent film? (Read Details)?
The breakfast club movie question?
What's this thriller movie?
What happened at the last part of 'we are what we are' 2013 movie?
What is the best movie of the 2000's?
What movie is this restaurant/appetizer scene from?
Audrey, the plant from \Little Shop of Horrors\ is robbing a bank.?
In your opinion what is the best criterion collection booklet (biggest, detailed etc)?
Romance movie poster a want to remember the name of, its like two teenagers kissing upside down on the ground.?
List of dragon ball z movies?
What is Wrath of The Titans rated?
What is Clash of The Titans rated?
Why don't cops in movies wear uniforms or drive cop cars?
Do you know what this animated movie about cockroaches is called?... Details inside...?
Why is Sirius called Padfoot in Harry Potter?
As of 1/21/14, what are all the awards the movie Frozen has won?
Can you help me find the name of this movie?
How old do you have to be in virginia to go see a rated R movie?
Tittle of a movie question!?
how can i tell my mom?
Movie about summer, forts, and fort wars?
Who did the singing voice as the puppet princess in the movie: The Adventures of Pinocchio (1996)?
What's the name of this horror movie that featured Olivia Wilde?
Which Bollywood movie is this?
What clown movie title is it?
what are some korean dramas that are sad and romantic on dramafever.com or anything that has a 5 star lol?
Documentary about hollywood moviemaking?
Question about the movie Frozen...?
what is that music/tune in movies?
I read that Jonah Hill only got paid 60K to be in The Wolf of Wall Street, isn't that ridiculous?
Who is the actor that played that \mentor\ for Katniss & Peeta in the Hunger Games movie?
What is the name of the movie where a guy is obsessed with a model/actress.?
help finding this movie from back in the early 80's?
Was it just me or was 12 Years A Slave really dull?
In the movie Hunger games:Catching Fire why was the mockingjay sign so bad?
what is the name of this movie?
What is a good family movie?
Name a couple good movies?
Many hindi or bengali movie lip to lip kissing,so is it original kissing?
need help on a movie....?
Anyone know the name of this movie?
What is the last film you watched?
What is the name of this movie?
Can you get caught for downloading movies online ?
Choose a Movie from this List?
Thoughts on Cabin In The Woods?
I'm looking for a movie but I can't remember the title. Can someone help me out?
what's that movie where a guy named eddie gets help from his brother to get a date on his birthweek?
I need a good movie to watch.?
why are there Masonic symbols in Close Encounters of the Third Kind?
What is the name of this movie?
Tauriel: well, 2nd time is less irritating?
Who is the actress during the bathroom scene in The Shining?
I'm 15 can I go see the devil's due even though it's Rated R?
what is that moive when a Girl gets lock in the basement and the lady who lock her up let her sons rape her?
I don't understand the movie mortal instruments?
Is Princess Jasmine a victim of gender oppression?
I need you guys help?
What movie is this scene from?
what are the best comedy movies?
What is your top 5 batman movies and y?
What's the name of this movie?
can you give me some AMERICAN martial arts movies?
Why do most of Disney's movies have only one parent?
Is there a way you can find out what movies are on Netflix?
Is the Marco Berger 2013 film \Hawaii\ available on DVD or the internet?
Does anybody know the movie or actress in this video?
why does hollywood make animated series into live action movies?
Star Trek: Nemesis ending: anyone else extremely disappointed and sad.?
Does Tarantino use Trauma based programming in his films?
Whats a good Roman or Greek movie?
Shutter island music?
what's the difference between Hulu and Netflix and which is better?
Looking for a movie that had a big subway fight?
Ending of the 2013 movie Texas Chainsaw?
What's the name of this movie (dystopian, pollution)?
which movie has this quote \Life is not a problem to be solved ,but a reality to be experienced\?
Movie about deaf people?
what is this movie rated?
The movie A Face in the Crowd (1957)?
What are those plastic signs at movie theaters called?
Horror movies with deformed characters?
Movies where thoughts are expressed through dance?
HELP ME... What's the name of this movie?
Is the nature scenes in The Hobbit movie real ?
In the Star Wars universe, are there any other orders similar to the Jedi?
any good teen romance movies?
Should they make a Star Wars spinoff about Jar Jar Binks?
I can't remember the name of this movie?
I cant remember the name of this movie I watched on Netflix?
Horror Music for a Movie I'm making?
What are some really motivational movies?
What are some good songs for a vietnam war movie?
Can you test a vudu movie code without redeeming it?
-poll- What do you think of the shirt below honouring an actress from the movie Caddyshack?
Viewing PDF material on Doctor Who dvds?
Will avatar 2 also be a ripp off?
I want to watch a good action movie. What are some?
I have a movie in itunes that wont upload to icloud.?
can you help me find this movie/show?
Need help finding a movie !!!?
What do I have to do to use a song in a short film I want to make?
best werewolf and vampire films from around the world?
What are the Best resources for learning Film-making?
How can I start making a short film?
How can I learn film making by practicing and reading books?(Balancing it out)?
How can I learn filmmaking?
What movies do you think deserved to get nominated for an Oscar that didn't?
What are some good indie movies?
What are your top ten worst movies?
What are some movies that should have never been remade?
theres a horror movie where a doctor tortures some africans, who after dying do the same to him?
the scaarlet letter movie from 1979?
Is the movie Un breakable with Bruce Willis based on a real Super Hero?
Who was the actress that starred in a movie where she posed nude under rose petals?
Link to watch ' The Notebook' please :(?
Is the chick in Being Erica the sister from Jack and Jill?
Poll: What words would you describe a film that made you feel scared?
Poll: What words would you describe a film that made you feel angry?
im looking for a lifetime movie?
who seen the movie Disappearing Acts with Sanaa Lathan?
I would like to know if there is a big wedding 2 released yet, if not do you know if there will be one?
Any girly teen movies from any era?!?
Late 90's/early 2000's Teen Movies ANY RECCOMENDATIONS?
what movie is this :(?
What movie is that where there's a girl with Tourretes who wants to be a cheerleader?
Who was Jeff the Killer?
Thoughts on the wolf of wall street?
why games need more fps than videos and/or movies?
What are some good teen/romance movies?
what movie is this :(?
i going to take one short film plz tell some names for my film ?
Movie night, what should I do?
How do people enjoy Superhero movies?
Movies depicting mental illness?
what is that movie, i think its sci fi?
What's this movie name? related to space, outer universe?
Comedy Movie 2000-05 HARD ONE!?
in the movie catching fire, why was she casted again?
What subtitle format plays on PS3?
List of depression movies?
Where is this from?? Is it a movie?
can smaug solo the orc army?
Resident Evil - why did it go down hill?
Is the more recent 'Carrie' worth viewing?
why is gandalf so weak he couldnt defeat the orcs?
Harry Potter question, are Wizards spoiled by their magic?
Are there any MOVIES similar to this?
what are these horror movies?
what movie has castle and Kuntz in it?
What is one movie that was a waste of your time watching?
What are You Thinking about \Jai Ho \ At Box Office ?
where can i find this movie ?Mysterious Footwork of Kung Fu?
Is 'Before Sunrise' worth watching....?
Who was a time traveller with un umbrella?
Name of French WWII comedy movie where a clumsy villager perceived as hero due to coincidence of events?
In the movie Thor, what happened to Loki when he let go at the end?
Which version of \The Town\ should i get?
Please help me remember this movie.?
movie where student record himself taking drugs and then kill people?
what movie had a rich kid left at home with a housekeeper or teacher who fake dying during sex with the kid.?
Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon theme?
Movies that you fall asllep too?
Did anyone think the movie Below (2002) was very good and underrated?
where are pasion de gavilanes filming locations in Colombia? (exact city, village)?
Do u guys know the title of this movie?!?
What happened to the little girl from the movie Miss congeniality (2000)?
what movie is this from? please answer?
How old were you when you first saw City of Angels with Nicolas Cage and Meg Ryan?
How many Ip man movies are there?
Have You Watched This Movie, If Not You Need Too?
What movie is this from?!?
What movie had a speech about the state of humanity?
I got caught for downloading a movie through a torrent on suddenlink?
Does anyone throw up in 10 Things I Hate About You?
What video does this .gif located?
what is that occupation called in Texas, doing with oil, please?
Angelina Jolie in Maleficent?
A question about movie scripts/ screenplay?
other callcenter movies? aside of \outsourced\?
I want to ask the name of this movie?
Good movies like Cyberbully??
Did any movie theater supply tissues with ticket because the movie was so emotional?
Is the car scene in the movie \Sixth Sense\ the scene that made most people cry?
i need help searching for a movie!?
What do you think is the most overused plot?
i need help finding the title of a movie PLEASE HELP?
what is your favorite animated Disney movie?
Need Name Of These Movies!?
Did you end up liking some movies that was generally panned by the critics?
when can I buy tickets for a movie?
Anyone like day of the dead 1985?
weird to see a movie alone?
Iron Cat: The movie. A great idea?
What is the name of this Horror movie?
What's a way to ask a girl out with a theme of the Disney movie Frozen?
should there be a lost sequel?
why did they even make twilight into a movie?
I want to know a movie name pls answer?
How can i make my own movie do anybody knoe?
love melancholy, is there anyone else?
Can't remember the movies title. Please help!?
What does this mean help?
Did Sarah cheat on her husband in The Dead Zone?
Did Johnny have an affair with Sarah in The Dead Zone?
Help me find this movie?
why didn't they make vampire kisses into a movie before twilight?
Car Crashes in Movies?
What are some movies about boys who are playing girls?
What was that movie called? Similar to sixteen candles and 16 wishes?
Please name hindi mivie in which heroine is* phool ka ped*?
What's the name of this movie?
A hindi movie in which a boy is suffering from desease is about to die soon the boy loves diwali very?
name of older movie with a blonde short haired woman? action film.?
What is this movie called?
Can someone tell me the theme of the metropolis movie (1927)?
What is your current prediction of what movie will win best picture?
What's the name of the creature movie where people get there body taken over if the first person dies?
song from walter mitty when they are playing soccer?
Is episode 2 and 3 of season 3 Sherlock out?
Will chris nolan surpass scorcese and spielberg?
Are there any girls that like Star Wars?
Are there any girls that like Star Wars?
What is this animated movie called?
Who owns the Godzilla movie rights? Legendary or Warner Brothers?
Any Good Prison/Jail Movies On Netflix ?
How is Amazon.com able to offer HD versions of movies that are not available on blu-ray?
What is this horror movie called?
Is the 2 season of digimon connected anyway to the movie called Digimon Hurricane Touchdown?
what are the names of theso gs played in the movie frozen?
Any good movies like 28 days later?
Which Harrison Ford movie is this?
what are some good bully movies?
In what movie is there a scene where they are watching the Bourne Identity on tv?
What is this quote from?
who invented the IMAX?
What is the role of women in Singin' in the Rain?
Is it weird for a guy who like About Time movie?
Is the movie \zodiac\ good ?
Can anyone summarize \Paranormal Activity\ 1-5?
I want to make a movie but I can't get any investors?
Any good suspense movie suggestions?
How do I stop being obsessed with Elsa from Frozen??!!?
What's the name of this movie?
Teenage movies on Netflix?
what's the name of the film?
Laptop can't run Netflix Movies/Shows etc?
in pirates of the carribean why didn't pintel die when the removed the curse?
how old is Gretel suppose to be in the movie ”Hansel and Gretel witch Hunters 3d”?
what is the check?ins in IMDB?
What should my short film be about?
Who do you prefer? Robert downey or johnny depp?
what movie is this from?
when did the Volturi come in Breaking Dawn?
Bram Stoker's Dracula question?
Why are all movies aimed towards men??
how many film noir movies was nominated or won awards?
What are some good Supernatural movies or Shows?
What is the best Christmas film ever?
Any Trippy Alien movies on Netflix?
Does the film kick ass actually resemble what would happen in real life?
What's your opinion of the jeepers creepers movies?
who is the voice of the rat in the movie the nut job?
Free Original Movie Scripts Online?
What man-eating plant movie/show am I talking about?
Forest Gump Overrated?
I Need help finding a type of movie?
What movie is this? I can't remember.?
Does the movie wild child (L' Enfant Sauvage) have the option of english subtitles?
Why did people like the Avengers SO much?
Name of this movie please?
300 rise of an empire?
Why do older directors make more films than newer directors?
Why do people dislike Carrie?
Help with the name of this movie please?
Buying movie on iTunes?
Should this character be a boy or a girl?
Comedy movie reccomendation please?
What is the name of the second Avengers movie?
Do cameramen have a permanent or do they just get hired?
Do you know which movie im talking about?
Can you please recommend a really good movie for me ?
The Movie Titanic's Love Story?
Why don't you like Harry Potter?
paranormal activity 5 takes place 2012 and PAT in 2009?
What are some good teen movies?
Unrated good movies I haven't seen a really good and funny?
Unrated good movies I haven't seen a really good and funny?
Why is there no male equivalent for Disney Pricesses?
Choose a Movie from this List?
alan rickman it is just a good in the harry potter film series, in the others movies he is terrible?
What is the song played in the bar at the begining of the movie The Wolverine?
British Movies ( new one )?
Which Godzilla movie the best?
ideas for a short film?
Is it ok for me to watch The Walking Dead?
Are they going to make a Maximum Ride movie?
what actors and actress do you think are awful and and which do you think are really good?
paranormal activity 5 takes place 2012 and PAT in 2009?
What is the name of that movie?
When will One Direction \This Is Us\ be available on Netflix?
A haunted house, Movie help?
How was skeeter in the movie help affected by discrimination/Racism?
What is the name of this movie?
What happened to Polly streaming!?!?
Are there 124 or 133 pink panther short cartoons?
Why is there a musical in American Horror Story?
Why did the pirates want to break the curse in Pirates of the Caribbean?
How much money did Mordain steal in The Chorus?
What are some good comedian movies ?
What video game does Kevin Hart play in Ride Along?
fantasy/adventure movies with nature imagery?
Would you watch a Wolverine film without Hugh Jackman?
Would this be awkward?
I am trying to find the movie Grand Avenue on DVD?
Do actors or actresses stay on the set when they are filming an film?
What did you think of the movie 'Her' (2013)?
Great Gatsby film, 1974 or 2013?
Del Toro's Beast with Emma Watson: Any word on who will play the Beast?
Good Horror Movies? Any good ones?
What are some good romantic movies?
Whats happens if a movie moves at higher frame rate than 24 frames per second?
Beatles movie please help me?
recommend some post-apocalyptic movies?
Name of this movie please?
Deciding on a Movie to Watch?
What's your top 5 favorite movies?
who raises the finance for a film ?
Jukebox Hero by Foreigner alternative version.?
what would you want to see in the action movie/james bond/harry potter/twilight/mortal instruments film?
I don't get the end of the butterfly effect 2?
What is your favourite movie quote ever?
Crime intense thriller movies with police officer as a main character?
In which film is Quicksilver going to be in Xmen days of future past or in the Avengers 2?
Question about movies like child's play?
I'm looking for a movie but i can't find it ...?
Feedback on most recent Star Trek?
the name of the movie...?
What would take to survive a zombie apocalypse?
In the Star Trek series or the movies the character Spock is from another planet. Was this Venus?
What are some good horror movies?
can someone tell me a summary about the movie Luther (2003 film)?
can someone tell me a summary about the movie Kingdom of Heaven?
How do i make my original book ideas and get them to be on the big screen?
What's your favorite leonardo dicaprio movie?
What are some good true movies !!!?
Which country has the best technology service and Netflix?
Good Spanish language movies on netflix?
How do you get Netflix to run your webseries?
Funny films? Can anyone recommend any?
names of some america sex movie?
Anybody know the name of an anima movie that aired on toonami between 2000-2008? Help please?
What happened to the Kryptonians that arrived in Earth before Kal-El in the Man of Steel movie?
Which one of the X Men movies mention the word \strontium\ ?
friends went to the movies and bought three bags of popcorn that cost $1.67 a piece. They also bought?
regarding Vijay movies?
Silence Of The Lambs movie!!!...?
How do you practice film making without actors?
Can you name 3 male stars, who died in the movie The Alamo.?
Why do so many people hate the Star Wars prequels?
I have a question about the movies fast and the furious?
How would you rate Julia Roberts performance in August Osage County?
do you think the dark knight one of the best movies ever?
can anyone link me to a chart showing how often things need to happen in games or movies?
What are your top 5 films ever made?
Please Explain me the climax of shutter island film ?
Netflix Free Trial? What things should i definitely watch during my free trial? Movies, TV shows or cartoons?
Paranormal activity 4 Unrated differences?
Can I watch 13-pg movies with my sis who's 9 and her friend who's 8- when I am 17?
What would you LIKE to see in Episode VII?
What is the name of this war movie?
Which one of these movies should I watch?
Harry hill movie vs Keith lemon movie?
What movie can this be?
What is the chronological order of the X-Men and Wolverine?
Looking for this movie, look at description.?
Is Kevin Hart: Let Me Explain worth buying? Is it any good?
Joe The King movie!!!....?
whats different from paranormal activity 4 unrated version from the normal version?
what is the name of this movie?
Can anyone tell me the name of this movie?
what's the name of a movie?
Your favorite horror movie you've ever seen?
Will a Halloween 9 be made anytime soon that follows the first 8 well 7 out of the original series?
What is the name of this mother/daughter documentary that ISN'T GREY GARDENS?
Good tv shows/movies on Netflix?
How important is plausibility in movies?
Is it true that the ending of thor 2 was not intendend to involve loki?
Cinematic Review Questions! People who know everything about movies and the making of movies!?
what are some funny movies like Dark Shadows?
I watched a horror movie and now I'm scared.?
Is Frozen worth seeing?
Help me remember a sci-fi movie title?
The movies of George Pal on DVD.....?
Who is the most tough looking Villain ever?
What is 'Shrek is love, Shrek is life'?
where can i download not another movie online.?
Where can I download TV series and movies?
October sky questions?
what is it called when you see movies and read books and its just like they either change you or they seem lik?
so did Donnie show the paper to FBI in Wolf of Wall Street Movie?
What is the name of this movie?
Whats the samurai b-movie where the woman goes bac in time in a dream after given a samurai sword from her mom?
I got turned into a vampire in skyrim...again.?
good action movie on Netflix that are pg-13 or pg-14?
what is your best part or favourite scene in the movie Hachiko?
Did River Phoenix perform some classical pieces really or the audios dub by pianists in Running on Empty?
Where was the movies her filmed?
Why don't they made any movie on hindu mythology?
How does the new movie 'reasonable doubt' with Samual Jackson end?
What are some GREAT revenge movies?
Does anyone know the name of this old asain movie?
How many times did you cry while watching A Walk to Remember?
wat is the name of a good adilt erotic novel made into a movie not the 50 shades ofgrey?
I am looking for the “Title” of a film narrated by Orson Wells about the Gulf war.?
What are some SCARY (and relatively recent) movies!?
dil mangata hai dil aaja soniye song from hindi movie?
Im looking for an alien invasion film?
Any good romantic movies ?
What's this movie called?
is the \ip man trilogy\ any good?
how do I find out this movie?
Anyone know this Chinese movie?
SHERLOCK SPOILERS Why did Mary shoot Sherlock?
Songs that make you think of certain films?
what significance does rigor mortis have in the film industry?
i downloaded a movie and i pressed something now it says you have already rented this, go to downloads to mana?
How do I know if my \tagline\ for my one hour drama script treatment is interesting..should I ?
decent stoner or jackass-like movies?
Anyone go the full list of Lilo and Stitch movies?
whats this train movie?
Glengarry Glen Ross Script?
What is a good and very scary horror film?
Need help figuring out title of old movie.?
What's the scariest movie you've ever seen?
what are some good movies?
whats the movie (black and white)?
Why didn't Disney produce the dubbed version of From Up On Poppy Hill?
What is this movie called?
In movies speech is too low , special effect too loud?
Hey...tell me some best site to watch hollywood movies?
Insidious Chapter 2 ending?
Movie day. what to watch?
How does filmmakers film movies with only?
can you recommend some movies for me?
percy jackson. and the lightning thief question?
Her (2013 Movie): Hypothetical Alternate Ending Idea?
Good Movies suggestions please?
Explanation for Donnie Darko?
What is this GIF from? *Creepy Zombie GIF*?
What are some good movie quotes?
Why movie director always do this sign with their hands ?
Raunchy Comedies like Horrible Bosses or We're The Millers?
Vito Corleone vs Tony Montana? (Respectful/Helpful vs Anger/Hotblooded)?
Jennifer Lawrence naked in new x-men movie?
Jennifer Lawrence naked in new x-men movie?
I need a program that can successfully burn a movie onto a DVD?
Opinions on flowers in the attic remake ?
Can anyone help me find this old black and white film?
What Movie Should I See?
Does anyone know the name of this movie?
Korean/Japanese film name?
Movies like Glengarry Glen Ross?
Whats your favorite movie?
What is the movie about a kidnapping and a man pretending to be a cop?
Why did it take so long for Percy Jackson Sea of Monsters to come out?
What are some movies like The First Time with Dylan O'brien and Britt Robertson?
What is this movie called?! PLEASE HELP!?
movies like cloverfield and quarantine?
WHAT IS FARZANA HUSBEND NAME?
Can anyone give me a list of Movies with Evil Clowns in them?
The name of man who own the sniper and the types of the snipers?
The name of man who own the sniper and the types of the snipers?
Does anyone else think Roman Holiday had an odd star cast?
Any really funny movies on netflix that can make me LAUGH a lot preferably rated R please (:?
I cant find this movie!!!!!!!?
Wolf of Wall Street loods?
what are some good tearjerker movies?
Help with the movie?
What's a good movie to watch on Netflix ?
What are some good \who done it\? nystery movies on netflix?
Take my Shoe Poll :)?
What movie is this can't remember name?
Is this a good story for a film?(movie)?
SONG IN WINTER'S TALE TRAILER..??
Things I need to know about the 80's before I watch American Psycho?
in what comedy did the son in law have to compete with the father in law for his daughters hand in marriage?
Could you picture this cast?
Does anyone remember this oldish movie?
How important is plausibility in movies?
My friend, she's a Jehovah's Witness can she watch Disney Films such as Snow White?
What Did You Think Of Devils Due?
What is the name of that movie where some teenage girl and her friends kill some girl by accident?
good movies to watch?
Name of a terrible movie?
What's a good scary movie?
What's that movie...?
what state or town doors the movie fear island take place in?
What shows/movies are these?
Should I get release forms for a no budget indie film?
Can anyone identify this Movie?
Anyone who understood the Inception movie clearly ive some questions?
I was watching this movie forgot name?
What's your favorite Arnold Schwarzenegger & Sylvester Stallone film?
What is this movie? It's about an elephant with a leaf and a raindrop with a town inside?
Is Adam Levine on the movie \Saving Mr. Banks\?
I need help with a movie?
Movie title to an old movie.?
\Grown Ups 2,\ \After Earth\ Lead Razzie Noms: What Is the Worst Movie of 2013?
Movies about Father and sons?
Bradly cooper play as a father?
juliet angel costume?
i need movie recomendations!?
How can I get the movie jawbreaker on net Felix?
When does season 4 of The Walking Dead come out on DVD?
do you of any Vampires movie?
Are there any subtitles in 47 Ronin (Remake)?
I need a list of scary movies!?
What are some great movies to watch while smoking pot?
Who is Django and why is he unchained?
What are most feature films edited with?
Samuel l jackson is a great actor but?
What is this movie called because I can't remember?
What movie or movies are free on YouTube ?
Movies like Life of Pi?
is there gonna be a toy story 4?.?
help with movie idea?
Movie review for Bullies ( 1986) starring Jonathon Crombie?
Did anybody see the Barack Obama movie this weekend?
where can I download and watch movies on my galaxys3?
What movie is this (title)?
star wars ep 1 question.?
star wars ep 1 question.?
Does anyone know where this gif is from?
how many times is it goung to take to kill Megatron?
Invasion of the Body Snatchers=Communism?
where to buy carrie dvd in australia?
How do you get DIGITAL MOVIES? How does Flixster work? How does Vudu work? What is \UltraViolet\?
What was this movie called?
Who's your favorite serial villain of all time?
Do you know this movie?(animated)?
Lifetime Movie That Just Aired?
what is the name of thia animated movie?
What's happening on netflix?
HELP! What's this movie?!?!?
Do you think there'll be a sequel to the movie 'Frozen'?
What are some '50s, '60s, and '70s grindhouse movies?
name of movie pls help?
Do you know what movie this may be?
So many questions about insidious 2?
Why was elsa (from frozen) wearing purple eye shadow?
Harry potter what is the first centaur that Harry meets?
Would this make a good short film?
How would you sell a movie idea? Also would you need to have a script or just the plot?
Movies similar to We Bought A Zoo and Dolphin Tale?
Is The ZKA (Zombie Killing Alliance) Good?
a question for star wars?
Who was the person in the all black cloak in the recent Hercules movie?
Suggestions of Best Foreign Films?
Can you suggest me any good action movie?
Any movies about Zoos?
Top ten Martial Arts films?
What movie is this from?
where can i watch foreign films in london ?
How did they added color to the \Wizard of Oz\ in 1939 if color was introduced in the 50s?
Say which movie ending is like this its bollywood movie the line is like this they do wrong things right way?
what the heck is with the Great Gatsby soundtrack ?
Yearbook photo - movie based?
How many movies did you watch in 2013? What were your favorites and least favorites?
Top 10 films that you'd highly recommend?
Flowers In The Attic (lifetime movie/book)?
black & white movie of a monster that rode on top of a train?
Lifetime Movie Search Help?!?
Good Horror movie for a mature 12 year old?
When will pitch perfect be on netflix?
Please suggest some old giant creature horror/sci fi flicks?
City of Bones curiosity?
Any good movie to suggest? :)?
Are there any relations between all the Americans Pies?
What is this old movie?
What's the best Martin Scorsese film?
How Do I Stop Felling Sad After Watching A Sad Film?
What are some extremely disturbing psychological movies like \Sinister\ (2012)?
In animated films and movies who does all the small noises?
Can't find the movie!?
UNIQUE Blonde Movie Character ideas?
How Do I Stop Felling Sad After Watching A Sad Film?
Netflix only showing some films unless i search for them myself? help! 10pts?
How do I get clips from my dvds to make fan made videos?
movie were boy is accused of killing girl at i think a sleepover and is hypnotised into making him believe it?
What was your opinion of '12 Years A Slave?'?
Can anyone help me find a dinosaur movie?
can someone give me a summary of the movie Kingdom of heaven?
Can someone give me a summary on the movie \A Knights Tale\ made in 2001?
What was this on demand movie?
What are some good horror movies for my sister to watch?
Can someone help me remember a movie?
Can you help me find this French movie about a rich invalid and his black caretaker?
Is there anywhere online I can watch the movie Good Burger for free?
What film coming out in 2014 are you most excited to see?
movies, in the movie Cloud Atlas, did you get the idea that Homosexuality is being propagandized falsely?
what are some really good movies?
Where to obtain a 'made for tv' film?
did Morpheous LIE when he said if you take the blue pill everything will end and be forgotten?
What is name of this movie? Please Please?
Do you feel you have what it takes to be a movie star?
help me brainstorm a movie?
What are some cliché boy meets girl movies?
A group of guys make a bet who has?
Does anyone know this short black and white film where a woman befriends a mute clown...?
I'm trying to remember a movie I saw about a year ago?
How does netflix work?
What is the name of this movie?
Why is there no movie about the war in Syria ?
Questions about the movie Fight Club?
In what order do all the star Wars books go?
where I can buy a Harry Potter watch?
Will there be a sequel or prequel to Disney's \Frozen\ sometime soon?
Does anybody know some good emotional movies?
I'm looking for a movie about a teenage girl being stalked by an adult man?
What is this movie?!?
Can you give me a website that you can download movies from?
I'm searching for a horror movie that I watched during 90s about some twins.?
A film about terrorism set in London I believe?
I'm searching for a horror movie that I watched during 90s about some twins.?
whats the name of that movie starring Tom Hanks?
What's the name of this movie?
What is the film where a guy with an afro hacks into his company's computer system?
What is your Top 3 Action Movies from 2000 to till date?
Any movies about music?
mickingjay. film (trilogia hunger games)?
I the film Great Escape.?
Anyone here know what name of this movie?
I need help finding a movie, its a comedy where a family goes to buy a home and the owners keep taking things?
Do you haf to have EXPERIENCE to work in the Cinaplex Movie theater?
what order do the films outpost go ?
need help finding a movie?
in what field in norristown,pa. was Susie Salmon killed?
What is your favorite movie?
Can i put Downloaded movies on a 3DS??
Modern movies set in the '40s?
Where can I download the 86th Academy Awards (2014 Oscars)?
What is the song was playing in background in dil chahta hai movie when sameer saif ali khan visit aakash aami?
What are the best types of movies to watch on Christmas?
Who does Yoda say \feisty one you are\ to?
which film is better? The green mile or Forrest Gump?
Why do i find horrors so scary.?
What is the song was playing in background in dil chahta hai movie when sameer saif ali khan visit aakash aami?
What was that movie called?
Who do you think will win the oscars?
What is your Top 3 Action Movies from 2000 to till date?
Is Pirates if the Carribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl a remake of The Black Swan?
I am confused in hunger games 2 catching fire?
whats this film called????!!!!!!?
What is this movie?????????
How to get over a scay movie?
What was the last movie you watched?
Last movie you watched...?
Is this a movie................?
I don't understand the ending to the Korean movie 'The Thieves'?
In Films, how the scene of a man or woman hanging dead by neck in a rope noose tied to a ceiling fan is shot?
Can you help me find a movie to watch?
Whats is your favorite suspense thriller movies?
Does walking dead worth watching?
what is the name of the movie where...?
only tamilians...has anyone watched jilla?
Animated movie starring a man who always has pins in his mouth?
What is a film's storyline?
looking for the name of a film?
how to burn movies onto a disc?
Can you list some best crime-thiller movies about professional assassin / hitmen?
any good 2013 movies?
what combination of substances could possibly create the state of mind mr.bean is in?
woah. what happened to these movies?
I love movies like Saw,any movies like it?
Is All About Eve the movie about split personalities?
Suggest a movie…………?
Which is the scariest movie of all time?
The best horror movies ever?
Movies better than titanic or into the wild?
Movies, movies, movies suggest a few?
Can any 1 say this English movie name ?
Do you think Disney learned the lesson about the stars wars prequels?
What movie are you most anticipating?
Do you know this movie...?
Which bollywood actor worked in maximum number of movies till date? How many?
American Horror Story: Why does Tate shoot up the school?
What's the name of that movie?
Does anyone know why there wasnt a sequel to the disney chanel movie the thirtenth year? it really deserved on?
Where can i see harry potter film online ?
Why is Harry Potter so underrated?
Do people know that you can watch movies that are in the theaters online?
Need music for movie, help!?
Did you hear the latest news about the superman vs batman movie?
A movie about a girl with a burned face, treated by a doctor to be like his wife.?
Can't remember this movie?
whats your favourite movies from the 1930's?
Best Time-Travel Movies?
Need help remembering the title of a wartime romance movie,please.?
Is there a movie where it showcases what Australian High schools look like?
about the Lock out movie (2012) . . the ending is kinda confusing . .?
what was the best movie of 2013 ?
Is it just me, or does it seem like many people don't like the current James Bond(Daniel Craig)?
Why do porn directors hav someone sitting in the movie?
What are your favorite '80's horror movies?
Do you ever watch movies JUST because of the actor starring in it?
what is the name of this war movie?
How many zombie land movies are there?
Whats the bgm music playing in the bollywood movie nayak?
Really bloody gory gruesome movies?
Seeing how Hollywood is obssessed with servant themed movies, should Hand That Rocks the Cradle have won?
is it a bad idea to watch ju on and then the grudge?
Do you remember a megaman movie?
What are some zombie scene ideas for a film?
wht is the best webiste for hollywood movies?
Why is Frozen such an overrated movie?
Any good Korean dramas/comedies that you would suggest to me?
What is the best Kung Fu Movie of all time?
Was FLOWERS IN THE ATTIC based on a true story!?
Does anybody think that the \Curse of Chucky \ sucked?
When I put a disc in my lap top whether its a game or a dvd it will work for a little while but then stops.?
When I put a disc in my lap top whether its a game or a dvd it will work for a little while but then stops.?
what is the name of this movie?
Thoughts on my \best of 2013\ film blog post?
What is this movie called?
What was the last movie you watched?
What movie is This Kiss by Faith Hill in?
When is the cinema empty?
will the series dragon riders of berk continue from where the second movie leaves off??
Looking for a movie I saw a long time ago?
In the movie, Lone Survivor why doesn't Marcus snipe the main target from the mountain?
What is your favorite anime movie of all time?
(spoiler) Clearing up question about Saving Mr. Banks.?
What was that scary movie where these little kids are singing 1,2 we coming for you 3,4 ( forgot the rest )?
When did original Robo Cop movie come out!?
Is there anywhere online I can watch the full movie Good Burger?
in the movie last of the mohicans what is cantuckie when talking about fur trading?
So i saw red dawn i didnt catch why the us army didnt do anything?
do movies ever get un-delayed?
thoughts on my best of 2013 films post on my blog?
In True Blood Why do the vampires accept to obey to the guardian who has only 500 ans ?
Where can I buy \Frankie and Alice\?
I wanted to know about the features of car used in the film gran torino?
I wanted to know about the features of car used in the film gran torino?
What channel was the Harry Potter movies on about a month ago- All except part 2 of the last one?
is 12 years slave on netflix ?
Is it normal to have a crush on a cartoon character?
How to get someone's music in your own film.?
School Appropriate Part To Show From Movie: Anchorman 1 or 2?
Princess Diaries 2 Song?
When should I watch the FMA movies?
Any idea what show or movie this is from?
need help with a name of a horror movie on netflix?
Does anybody remember the name of the song in \Piglet's Big Movie\ commercial?
Need help with a movie title?
flowers in the attic.what is the ending?
1993 Version of Escape to Witch Mountain on DVD?
What is the name of this movie?
Major Benson Payne vs Sergeant Emil Foley who is better?
Fast and Furious death of Letty?
Blue Exorcist Movie english dub?
Will they make a yugioh gx movie?
Why is the movie Lone Survivor rated-R?
looking for good fighting movies preferably 3 stars and up?
which terminator film was best?
What's your favorite movie?
What is this movie called?
good romantic comities movies to watch when bored?
what is this movie? I cant remember?
where can i watch this movie? for free?
What are some other classic Asian horror movies like Kuroneko and Onibaba and Kwaidan?
can someone please tell me the names of these two movies?
I need the name of a movie?
whats the movie where a group of guys steal a kidnappers car?
At a movie theater which arm rest is yours?
What happens in the movie You're Next?
What's a good fantasy (not girly) action/comedy movie?
Movies With Super Powers?
Is the movie The Wolf Of Wall Street good?
Whats this movie about the Holocaust?
In your opinion who is the most famous disney princess and what is the most classic disney princess song ?
Do you consider this a mistake in finding nemo?
do they still have pee-wees house?
I can't think of the title of a movie?
what did eduard delequar say in french to mr. jingles as he was leaving to be executed?
is it better to make weird films?
Is it weird that despite loving old movies, I found Casablanca really boring?
POLL the Movie Jack Ryan...Great or so so?
im trying to remember a bank robbery movie with a mother and four sons who rob and ends in massive shot out?
What is the original version of the 2004 movie \Blessed\ staring Heather Graham?
I like to see a good horror movie, but I mean really scary, so i can't sleep at night, suggestions?
what this cave movie?
Silent Hill (films)? Help!?
how long long does it take a movie to go from dvd to broadcast tv?
Anyone else hate Tauriel?
There's a movie that I can not remember the title!?
im trying to think of a movie?
What is this movie? Please help?
What are the best asian and martial arts movies?
What are some REALLY GOOD recent romantic comedies to watch?
Where can I watch free movies online?
I'm trying to think of the title of a movie?
Why do people not like The Lone Ranger?
what is the name of this movie?
the song never let you go what movie is that from?
Ok, I just canceled my Netflix DVD plan, and want to get a streaming plan, will they charge me again?
I can't remember the title of this movie/book?
what does the movie rated system reveal about the adult assumptions?
Good horror movies on Netflix?
Paranormal activity the marked ones?
is it weird to go to the cinema by yourself?
In movie adaptations of movies why are the people who portray characters so much older than them?
Good horror movies ?!?!?
Captain Rex helmet starwars?
Has anyone watched the movie Taro the Dragon Boy?
These type of movies?
Why is the oscars mainly for American film?
Which \Saw\ movie is the best?
Where can I find the song where Jack and Rose kiss?
MOVIES: Is Saw 2 a good film to watch ?
what films have the exorcist in them?
Can you recommend some good must see films?
Should I watch Star Trek: Generations before I watch First Contact?
Why do in most movies, the women gets to hit the guy but not the other way around? is this sexism in movies?
i cant remember the name of this movie?
Male characters who have one shoe on?
What is the best movie Elvis was in?
What is the best movie you have seen recently?
What is Doctor Who??????
Is there gonna be a 5th Shrek in 2016?
what are some good horror movies about highschool or college kids?
whens The Chronicles of Narnia:The Magicians Nephew gonna be delveope? is the 4th and 5th gonna be a double fe?
In Hangover Part 3, how did Chow lift 2 bags of gold without any help?
What's the name of the horror movie that ends with young twins girls killing a young boy?
Whats your favorite rip off movie?
what is the movie \the recruit\ about?
17 and Movie tickets?
what is your fav movie in the world!!:)?
Movies that span a long period of time?
Is Anchorman overhyped/overrated?
Movie suggestions with outcast/odd children, please?
do you know the name of a movie where a teacher kidnaps a student?
Why do people nitpick every little thing in Terminator Salvation?
What song played at the scene of \I Hate Luv Storys\ when he sees her at the theater?
Is there \My Sassy Girl\ in good quality?
What did Jack give Molly Brown after the dinner in the movie Titanic?
I can't import music on Windows Movie Maker?
Good Horror Movie Titles?
The Fast And The Furious Tokyo Drift Part Two?
Could the government be denying a zombie apocalypse? ( not like in the movies but something similair to it)?
What are the 3 best Ben Stiller movies?
Movies like Wild Child?
Which is the best war suspense movie?
Scary Movies - Can you name all the people with the name of the movies?
can anyone please tell me the name of these two movies?
Netflix streaming or DVD?
AFI 100 films update soon?
Good horror movie titles?
What is the name of this movie?
what are some good teen romance movies like another cinderella story??
what is this movie from stephen chow called?
Name of porn movie with father and son living next to mother and daughter and mom son hook up and dad daughter?
Movies like American Mary or Excision?
Scary Movie, I'm trying to remember the name of a movie I watched when I was younger?
What are your thre favorite cinderella movies?
What movie is this from?
War Horse (film): Analysis help?
I'm looking for a film?
What was the last movie you saw?
What are good chick flicks?
How tall are crash and Eddie from the ice age movies?
Is the purge on Netflix?
What is the name of the following Corbin Bernsen Made For TV movie?
What is the name of the movie that has this dialog?
can you help me with my essay?
What horror movie is this?
Where can I buy the newest updated version of the Star Wars Saga on DVD?
Question about Avatar the movie?
What movie has the plot where the babysitter dies and then twins throw a party?
Question about the ending of Wolf of Wall Street?
How old do you have to be to watch a \Not Yet Rated\ movie?
Does anybody have any vine ideas?
Films like 'Inception' and 'Now You See Me'?
American Psycho: Good movie or not?
Help finding movie titles by plot or scene description!?
Whats the name of this horror movie?
What is this movie?!?
Does anybody know the name and location of the cemetery in the movie \Man of Steel\ (2013)?
Which paranormal activity is the most appropriate for a thirteen year old to watch? 1st or 2nd one?
anyone know what song this is from this mini movie puppy? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qwM-Pch8g_g?
what are some good Netflix movies?
Who is the SECOND Person in This Picture.?
What did Charlie Crowe Camfield die of?
what movie/ animated movie is this?
Where can I download pokemon episodes and movies?
Please recommend good Thriller plays?
diary of a wimpy kid hard luck movie?
Anyone excited for the LEGO Movie?
Same size vore in movies?
what local movies are playing today?
What's that corny kung fu movie everyone parodies?
Vampire Academy UK Release Date?
Do you need to watch Lord of the Rings before watching the Hobbit?
What's a good movie to watch?
I'm playing a character which I need to base on a modern day female.?
How does finding nemo fit it's genre?
Who has watched the movie, \O Brother, where art thou!\?
Do you think Jennifer Lawrence is looking incredibly sexy in American Hustle ?
There is an old VCR film that had a 1959 Buick on the cover. Anybody know the name of this film?
Can someone please give me (a) movie(s) to do with families with teenagers etc and more lists below?
Indiana Jones & the last crusade, were the mercenaries at the start good?
What are some road-trip movies about girls?
Can you name all the alien movies?
Do you recognize this movie?
Online dating movie suggestions?
Does anyone know a porn movie like the scene from The wolf of Wall Street?
Any good horror movies with a good plot?
Windows Live Movie Maker saving problem.?
Does a 3D film look strange without 3D glasses?
how many times can you use golden ticket for amc theatres?
Why do people say movies usually suck compared to books?
What is this romantic movie called?
How is Ruyk done in the film?
Slasher movies always kill the back guys and nerds first.?
What are your top 5 favourite films?
What's the name of this western movie?
Which paranormal activity is the most appropriate for a thirteen year old to watch?
How to add a new audio stream to a video? ( a japnese movie.I want to listen it English.How?)?
What did you think of the movie Lone Survivor? Also did you read the book?
Best movies that revolve around drugs?
Do you know this film - Movie?
I need help finding a horror film!?
How do you store a Shotgun Microphone.?
Which Disney villian would make a perfect Sith Lord and apprentice?
True or False- 'After Earth' was the worst movie of 2013?
Have you ever been in extra in a movie?
What is this movie called?
Review my short film, Need some critique?
are there any good movies about teenagers (teen movies)?
In the movie \Prisoners\ do you think that?
I want to know everything about star wars?
Past or present movie actors or actresses that goes by 3 names instead of 2 names?
Any Good Sad Romance Movies Like A Walk to Remember and Keith??
Is there any way to read dialogue on TV movies and dramas?
Movie whith Charlize Theron?
What movie is this???
Which film is this......?
Whats the name of this movie?
a good movie to watch?
Malena (2000) film plot development?
Movies like Prince of Persia: the sands of time?
Suggest Just One Movie ?
was spirited away based on child prostitution?
What 3d animation (film?) is this?
\\O_O/ HALP pah-leeeaaaaze?
Is riddick worth renting and watching?
what is that film about 4 or 5 guys who meet up after a long time in a cabin?
Why are most movies now a days rip offs?
Where can I buy the ring from LOTR here in the Philippines?
Movies In Greek i can watch ?
what is this movie name ?
What movie is this about soldiers who have mission in dessert?
What's this movie can't remember?
IMDb's Highest Rated Movie Over the Years?
what was that old-ish disney movie?
In THE NUMBER 23 why does Agatha give Walter the book at the start of the movie?
What movie really gets you down?
new movies online.....?
scariest movie watchable on youtube?
Total Recall old or new which one is better?
Whats this movie called??
Amazon Prime or Netflix?
Can any one tell me the first film's name of Suchitra Sen sahiba who passes away yesterday?
Why does this male Tok'ra have female breasts?
who played Jill Valintine in the original Resident Evil 2002?
where can i watch Sunday (bollywood movie) for free online?
What movie is this????
Can someone help me identify this movie by a plot description?
Where can I find 'Wa Tamdi Al Ayam' (Kaybolan Yillar) with ENGLISH subtitles?
what is the movie where at the end, a guy has these kids all like floating in like a church room or something?
What is better: dvdscr or webrip ?
i'm serching for a film from 2013 it's about a separation on rich and poor and the rich are in space ,?
Did Napoleon Dynamite inspire the Hare Hare Yukai,?
How can I work for a film producer ?
Batman vs Superman pushed back to 2016?
There are many movies out there that are \so bad they're good\. What is so good, it's bad?
Whats your opinion on the movie Beastly?
Who will voice Nemo in Finding Dory?
What's this movie called ?
Why is Charles Xavier only portrayed as a Brit in the X-Men Movies?
Does anyone know where this scene is from?
Recommendations on Marvel Comic Films?
Why peaple see horror movies?
Is there any movies similar to Inception?
What is a mid 2000's movie about a female cult?
what are some good r16 movies?
What's your favorite Woody Allen film?
What is this ghost film called?
Picture of Winona Ryder on Vulcan?
What movie is this!!!?
What did you think of the movie Frozen?
Picture of Winona Ryder on Vulcan.?
Movies about the guy saving the girl?
Which are the funniest movies you've seen of all times?
Must watch 21st century movies?
What was Godzilla meant to be?
What's the best movie to watch when you're feeling less than, like, living?
What did you think about Ender's Game (2013)?
What is the name of this song?
Is it illegal to watch disney movies in school?
What is the movie Name?
what does special engagement mean at amc theaters ?
What sci/fi movie is this?
Could you picture this cast...?
Does the movie Oldboy have any vomiting in it?
Movie's like the follwing?
Where to find the movie (online) called The Talking Dictionary)?
Do you know what the name of this movie is?
Can someone help identify this movie?
What should I name my movie?
Is this an okay plot for a horror short film?
How do high quality movies get uploaded online before the DVD comes out?
Isnt white house down just a combination of die hard and air force one?
How come stunt people have no Oscar category?
Movie about surfers going on an odyssey?
Can someone help me find a Hindi movie?
Did Miles Elliot get the part to play Jason Steed in the FLEDGLING JASON STEED Movie?
can you name of all of exo songs?
snub and surprises in this year Oscars 2014?
Trying to find a movie?
In the movie The Incredibles...?
Isn't the movie \Olympus Has Fallen\ a rip-off of \Die Hard \ ?
what are some hilarious comedy's kinda like clerks?
What are some nicknames/insults from movies?
What kind of school was it in the movie dead poets society?
How to use Aliens (the movie) copyright?
Whats that made for tv movie that kinda like cinderella?
If I cancel netflix, will I still get to use it?
which scene in catching fire did they film in LA?
Whats that made for tv movie that kinda like cinderella?
What are some of the best Horror movies and some of the worst Horror movies?
Film starring Linda Gray working with chimps and bonds with one called Amy.?
What's the solution to this \When you see it picture\?
CAN YOU HELP ME FIND TITLE MOVIE BY PLOT SOMEWHAT?
Fake hospital Netflix movie?
Name of Animated Movie?
what do you think is the worst best picture winner?
what song does the choir sing in the movie the book thief?
I have a question about the Transformers film series?
In 70s-80s movies why did things go in slow motion?
does anyone recommend any good movies to watch?
what movie is this from?
What's the saddest movie you ever watched?
Describe the Perfect Movie (Made Up)?
What did Annie eat and how did she kill herself?
Would You Watch A Movie Like This?
The Galactic Empire vs Sauron's Army?
Did anyone else notice this plot hole in The Shawshank Redemption?
Need help finding a movie.?
Is the movie boys dont cry scary?
what's the song that's played on the record player on the movie the stand?
Which Godzilla films should I watch?
What are relevant love movies like...?
Why do people get angry when classics are remade?
In the lion king 2, if simba had had a boy, what would have been his name?
How many Twilight Related Movies are there and what are they?
Explicit scenes in Borat?
Are there any parts that were in the Divergent series but are going to be left out of the Divergent movie?
is hollywood will make another batman movie in 2016?
IS DISNEY MOVIE CLUB A SCAM?
can anyone tell me what movie or show this is from?
how much does each person pay at the grand movie theater?
What do you think happens to Cate blanchett character at the end in Blue Jasmine?
I didn't understand Carrie's ending?
Is the new great gatsby movie on netflix?
What are the best comedy movies that are not about sex, alcohol, adults acting immature, or any of this:?
In movies/TV, do people actually have to have sex in sex scenes?
Is there going to be \Fifth Element\ sequel?
What is the name of the movie about woman getting repossessed again from people watching the tape?
Forgot the name of this film. Please help???
What's the name of this movie?
why does HBO play movies like this?
Did anyone see the movie Devil's Due? how was it?
Are the Ken outfits in Toy Story 3 based on real vintage outfits?
Part cut out in first Percy Jackson movie?
Is Madge going to be shown in mocking jay?
Is Madge going to be shown in mocking jay?
What movie is this (children's fantasy)?
Why are women moaning about the sex in wolf of wall street?
Who are some of the best movie directors?
Trying to find a old horror movie where girls are beeing kidnapped and tortured. Tryed to find it for 2 years?
Does a Cineworld unlimited card show your age when you book a film?
War movie with 2 soldiers who have to pretend to be enemies?
Your top 5 horror movies of all time?
what movie is this help?
Am I slow or was the movie American Hustle hard to keep up with at times?
Please I need a good and complete english subtitles file for the hindi movie Ram Leela?
Name the zombie movie!?
Crazy movies w/ full action?
What do you think about ourvideoz.com?
Which is the best route to take when trying to get my script Bible to someone interested in a t.v. pilot?
What are some movies with deep stories?
The Hunger Games : A Good Movie?
What is this korean drama movie called?
Movie to Deal With Loss of Loved One?
Stuff that are like netflix?
Does anyone remember this short film of a disc jockey?
How can i make a vhs movie?
Need a new film ending?
Why is there no rape scene in Flowers in the Attic?
''gross ,creepy and sick'' est horror movie you've ever seen?
Can somebody give me some links for analytical reviews for the movie \the re-animator\ and its book?
A movie that will make you think about life?
Apollo 13 the movie questions!!!?
What film is this please help?
What is the movie where they race dogsleds but the one team is found to be racing wolves?
have u seen this movie...?
Who Is Greatest Actor Ever?
Has anyone seen the older Jack Ryan Movies (read for list if not) and the New one? How was it?
What was some of Marilyn Monroe's biggest films?
Anyone else see this Oscar nominee movie called 'The Wolf of Wallstreet'?
Whats the movies name..?
Any HD movies websites for free?
Is Cinematography only really useful in Action Films?
What are some good skin head type films to watch?
in Harry potter whre did they flim hagrid's hut?
What happened in ride along?
Song from the movie Last Vegas (nightclub scene)?
TOwer of terror movie??? Help Disney film?
Good 3d movies for women. Are there any good ones?
Anybody out there who write stories and wants to make a film out of it?
Which actor would you like to play New James Bond? ( Tell Me Your Opinion )?
How many Lara Croft films have there been?
what movie can i watch?
Anyone seen the move Prisoners? Good/Bad, worth the 2.5 hours?
Please help me find out the name of this old movie about a kid who always got beaten up....?
is there anyone who wants to collabrate on a horror story?
Whats the name of this thing?
What's the name of this movie?
movie where monks read a never ending story?
What is the movie in 2014 you are really really looking forward?
Does Joaquin Phoenix always play the role of an eccentric, somewhat slow character?
Popular films with American themes? E.g. the great melting pot, the frontier, the american dream, manifest des?
can bodybuilders still become action heroes like Arnold Schwarzenegger?
Need help finding the name of a movie I've seen years ago?
Will there ever be a Tupac movie?
What is this supernatural movie about a girl going to turn 18?
YAHOO IS MY LAST HOPE PLEASE HELP ME WITH FRENCH SERIOUSLY I AM SO TERRIFIED OF MY FRENCH TEACHER PLEASE HELP?
What are some of the best Horror movies and some of the worst Horror movies?
Movie about online dating and meeting in real life? Romantic movie?
Can somebody help me remember this movie? About an alien-sci-fi-romedy? Please!!?
What Movie is this?????
Need some help remembering a movie title...?
Which is the best movie of Ben Afflek ?
Have Adam Sandler and Ben Stiller ever acted in a movie together?
do you reccomend any good disney films or games?
Was Dan Brown's \Deception Point\ or \Digital Fortress\ ever made into movies?
What's the name of this movie?
Whats your favorite movief or tv show?
Battle Royale, book or movie first?
What is your favorite movie?
Is Stanley Kubrick the most sexist good director of all time?
MOVIE HELP PLEASEEEEEEE!! ITS KILLING ME!!?
will hollywood will make a second movie of e.t. the extraterrestrial?
70's movie where a FBI agent was riding a chopper through the desert in a suit &tie maybe Henry Fonda.?
when will toy story 4 be released?
Did you see tamil movie jilla? now answer to this question?
could you do me a summary of the first harry potter movie?
i'm searching for a movie?
whats a movie that would scare the shit out of me ?
Which one of these movies should I watch?
Do you know any details about the Drake and Josh/Sam and Cat crossover movie?
help to find movie//?
the best WW2 film?(excluding saving private ryan)?
What's a movie so bad that you successfully blocked it from your memory?
Movies similar to Mummy, Indiana Jones?
Find movie scenes about someone being fed grapes or fanned?
Does Anyone know where can I find HD trailers of the first two Spider-man movies?
What is your biggest movie let-down?
Why is there only 1 the Simpsons Movie while there 4 full lenght Futurama movies?
which is the best site to download movies?
Please help. What that movie called?
What's the funniest movie ever made?
What are some accurate biographic movies?
When does Justin Biebers Believe movie come out in Australia?!?
will another awesome movie be made ?
where can i find all harry potter movies subbed in korean ?
Just watched The Hunger Games- wow......amazing experience. have u seen it?
Why do you watch a film?!?
Frozen gets nominated for an Oscar(see description)?
Who is your favourite movie villain?
How do you rate Gravity movie?
What's your Top 2 favorite Bill Murray films?
What are some really scary, really suspensful, gory, jumpy horrors/thrillers?
Star Wars KOTOR movie dream casting?
What movie is this from?
What is the name of this movie?
Guess the Hollywood Movie? Story is described below?
tell me a good movie?
Please help me lmn played a movie today around 12-1 pm about some teen girls what was the name.?!?
Movie like When Strangers Appear?
What is this horror movie? Homeless people trapped in a big house...?
Is \Europa Report\ movie a true story?
What do you think about Tanushree Dutta?
Last day to watch Frozen?
How should i clean my ukulele ?
What are some really suspenseful, scary,gory, jumpy horrors/thrillers?
Why is everyone obsessed with Loki?
what is the best site to download english subtitles for dhoom 3?
Hi I am a new script writer and I some help I'm lost.?
what's this movie called?
hollywood sex related movie?
I am a lonely squad four medic soul reaper, and have just found myself hostage to two intruders,?
A Nightmare On Elm Street (1984) vs Child's Play (1988)?
Do I need to read the first Mortal Instruments book?
What movie am I thinking of?
Good actions movies to make a trailer with?
Anyone know where I can get Joey season 2 on DVD region 1?
help me find a dark action anime?
Foreign romance movies?
When will Hollywood is going to announce the winner of the Oscar award?
guys if you saw the A L I E N movies... tell me what do you think of ripley?
Can anyone explain me LOST HIGHWAY hollywood movie story....?
Why did Tony Stark remove his arc reactor? He could have gotten the shrapnel removed and kept the ark reactor?
What does \Johnson's Lassard\ mean?
Was the movie, The Blair Witch Project, really a class assignment?
Movie called the Lorax! PLZ HELP ME!!?
Has anyone watched this disturbing movie before?
What personalities are needed to have a BALANCED main trio?
what is this gif from?
Can anyone tell me the name of two movies filmed in Little Rock, Arkansas?
Dances with wolves stands with a fist?
Can anyone recommend me some good creepy documentaries?
I can't remember the name of a movie?
what are some good movies to watch with a girl?
i need one iran movie information by IMDB?
Movie trivia? Long debate about this?
Dances with wolves wind in his hair?
Which movie do you like better?
Anyone know the name of this classic movie?
How do i find a past channel lineup for TMC (The Movie Channel) on Directv?
Should I see wolf of Wall Street?
The last song why did Kim and Steve get divorced?
What is the news on the Maximum Ride movie?
Do you know the name of this movie?
What did you think of the Movie August osage county?
Which one should i do to pass time: listen to music or watch netflix? Cant decide...?
Whats fictional and whats accurate in the movie a knights tale?
Good drama movies that will make you cry?
what is your favorite movie?
Good movies on Netflix?
What timecode is this picture from in scarface?
are you familiar with actor Tom Berenger, I need movie suggestions starring him, please?
will there be an immortals 2???
Why do I like all the movies that most people dislike?
What all do I need to get Or have netflix.. step by step?
Embarresed to tell my friends i film?
Help with naming this animated movie?
Where can I stream The Wolf of Wall Street online?
Which Rob Zombie film is better?
What are some casts your glad they didnt keep in a movie (changed before being made)?
what are some really good horror movies on netfix?
Which Friday The 13th movie do you like better?
What is the difference between Critics' Choice Awards, Oscars and Golden Globe Award?
What's happening to me?
Movie about film of a angel being tortured?
Does knowing where a movie is filmed influence your decision to see it?
Will the Believe Movie ever come out to Victoria BC?
who is the actress in the movie the impotent king?
What's that movie...?
What's the movie? please help?
i've been trying to find this movie for over a year. can you help me?
If I'm 16, can I go into an R-rated movie with my 17 year old friends?
question about The Departed?
I've written a movie script and now I want to direct it myself. How do secure backing to proceed?
can you maybe name these two movies?
Hulu plus vs netflix?
Movie with native population and artifacts? Comedy.?
The movie Bad Grandpa?
Where can i download 90s horror movies?
Date to a Rated R Movie?
What movie should I watch?
Does a parent have to go inside an R rated movie with a minor?
What is the font used on the posters for her?
What is the name of the mid 1980's movie where teenagers get trapped in the arcade game Elevator Action?
How long will the hunger games catching fire be out (USA(?
QOTD: What are your favorites to watch on Netflix?
What is the name of the movie where the protagonist takes revenge for the murder of his father?
Do you really care about \The Oscars\ with all that is going on in the world today?
What are x-rated novies?
What Movie is more Tolerable to watch 'SHOWGIRLS' or 'SPICE WORLD' ?
Help me find out the name of this show please?
Best film of 2013..................?
Is it just me or the movie Gravity feels a little lacking?
list of movies which of won best picture and directed by the star of the film?
Does anyone know any good movies on fios that involve a lot of sex?
Need help please looking for a movie?????
How is Peter Jackson going to fit everything that happened between The Hobbit and LOTR in There and Back Again?
NEED HELP REMEMBERING A MOVIE!?
Does somebody know the name of this movie?
What can I watch on Netflix?
what is the most disturbing movie that you can see on youtube?
What animated movie is this? reward for answer?
How many Oscars awards does Leonardo Dicaprio have?
what is this movie scene please?
Which Disney Renaissance movie do you believe is the best?
Is Batman Forever an Adventure film?
what is something that everyone wants to see in a movie?
Do you know any good ones?
What movie is this from?
Am I the only one angry about this Oscar snub?
what are Jackie Chan's top ten movies?
A little movie advice! No criticism or ignorance -_-?
Themes in the first rocky movie (1976)?
What quote is this movie from? \I've been there since the beginning not him\?
Is Night of the Lepus appropriate for kids?
last house in the woods? please explain!!!?
what are some good movies to watch with a girl?
Can a movie contain no credits at all?
i forgot the name of a movie does anyone no what it is?
Films with the same crisp/modern editing pace as these films?
What movie do you hope wins an Oscar?
An old TV movie.. Whats it called?
Movie theatre shooter going to get justice?
Did anybody else think that the cabin in the woods was a really really awfully bad movie?
Movies about murderes with an M.O?
Does anyone throw up in moulin rouge?
I`m looking for a good movie plot tipe- someone is hellped in the past and after some year the deed is returnd?
Is there a guide that teaches how to download unlimited movies legally and without using P2P sites?
what is that movie's name?Plz help me to find that..?
Questions about Harry Potter?
What are some good martial arts movies?
What are some good spy movies besides the James Bond series?
Last scenes in the victim's eyes?
what's so special about Disney's Frozen?
Are they making a new movie for the power of six (the book/movie after I am number 4?
How does the film Bogus end?
Why are a lot of movies unavailable on Netflix?
What Leonardo DiCaprio movie is this from?
Is the movie ... the same movie as...?
How did Jimmy have the authorty to whack Mori since Jimmy wasn't a made man?
Would I be allowed to go see and R rated movie?
In \The Green Mile\ ?
Any good movies to watch?
Short film ideas urgent help?
what's the name of an old movie?
why do people think movies like the conjuring and insidious are scary?
I hope Veeram is a good movie and better than Jilla !!!?
Need help with a marketing assignment?
Where can i find the music Justin Bieber was working on in the Believe movie that didnt make it to the album?
Special Request (Romance movies) ?
Top 10 Apocalypse Films?
Which movies of these is better and WHY?
Do you think Star wars should get the Star trek treatment ?
How good was Barkhad Abdi for his first movie role?
Can Leonardo Di Caprio win his first academy award for best actor this year ?
What upcoming film can't you wait to see?
What were the original theaters to show Star Wars during the original limited release in may 1977?
How long does it take to film a movie?
Should I see paranormal activity 4 before I see the new one?
Will The Silmarillion be made into a trilogy?
Are you excited for jurassic park 4?
Why did they ruin Smaug's appearence in The Hobbit The Desolation Of Smaug?
What are some movie scenes with scary, monstrous screams/shrieks?
why isnt tom hanks on the oscars list for captain Phillips?
Name of movie John candy was alone with his thought?
Can anyone tell me what movie these aliens come from?
What is the film Upstream Color about?
Where can I watch Romeo's Blue Skies?
Feeling sick after watching movie?
which character from Jim Henson's dark crystal is this?
I cant find this movie!?
what is the name of this movie?
Whats the instrumental in the movie get rich or die tryin during the joy Bryant sex scene after 50 is shot?
blooywood movie dedh ishquiya dialogue....?
Any Johnny Depp fans? why do you like him so much?
What is the title of the movie with the character of God in a court room?
Anyone who's seen Dogtooth?
how can you view the movies on netflix?
cool movies about ancient GREECE?
Where can I fin good Movie Scripts to learn?
Where to buy Fast and Furious movies in stores?
Do you believe that finally Leonardo DiCaprio will win an Oscar?
What is the scariest movie alien you've ever seen?
i don't understand the movie captain phillips?
Which movie should I watch with my invisible friends?
What is the title of this Dance movie?
Suggest some good bollywood movie review sites....?
Movies where people have super powers?
What is this movie about your other selves?
name any movie pr serial in which there is a pinching punishment?
Are dual audio videos substantially larger than the same video with a single audio track?
Need help finding a movie?
What are some movies like Spirited away and My neighbour totoro?
Have you ever been in a movie?
Where can I find a VHS original of the Japanese film \Muzan-e\?
What is the opening song in the movie Sunshine Christmas?
Help! Costume ideas needed! Hero/Villain/Male?
Is The Usual Suspects a crime or a thriller?
Any great indie films???
What where the movies that got nominated for being the worst of 2013?
Looking for a certain Samurai movie?
Good ideas for a short movie?
Do you remember name of a movie about an '80s girl band?
What song in \The French Connection\ was sung by the Three Degrees?
The desolation of smaug dates?
Nice movies in british accent?
The Secret Life Of Walter Mitty Question (SPOILERS)?
lone survivor - Why didn't the seals just tie the kids and the old man up until they shot their target?
What's the movie called where the guy slowly gets younger?
What movie is this? I think it was a horror movie?
Babay Devil - Scary Or Funny?
Good movies like never back down or IP man,karate kid?
How durable is the Flash?
Anyone know what movie this is?
Is it hard to become an actor, i mean like fantasy actor, as in lord of the rings and movies like that?
can you give me the story of \mars attack\?(It's a movie)?
What are the Bourne movies about?
Why do people ship Dwalin and Ori?
Really scary movie/story please!?
What is this movie? Ryan Reynolds, Stephen King?
confused about insidious 2?
What do you call someone who shoots movies? And directs it?
I'm looking for a movie.?
What song is this in the film Rock of Ages?
name any movie or serial in which there is pinching punishment scene?
what is the name of this korean movie or show?
Trying to think of a chick flick movie similar to a \mean girls\ movie?
What do you think of the movie \her\?
Suggest some good chineese romantic movies ?
Does this scene from this movie bug anyone else?
Does anyone else think that most movie critics are inaccurate?
did u watch any movie or serial in which pinching is given as a form of punishment? if so, which movie?
Wolverines Claws after \The Wolverine\ movie?
Guess the 90s movie's. ... help please!!!!?
What does uncut mean on movies ?
Disney Channel Original Movie?
whos your favorite film director?
Some good boy meets girl, they hate each other, then later fall in love movies?
A movie I watched as a child, where one of the main characters is gunned down by cops at the end.?
What is your top 5 favorite movies of all time?
Is it weird to have a crush on an animated character?
What's the film where they talk to each other all night on the phone and then drive to meet each other?
Does this scene from this movie bug anyone else?
need help finding a movie?
Why is The Wolf of Wall Street rated R18+?
which movie do you like better, percy jackson sea of monsters or clash of the titans?
The Ring, The Grudge and The Exorcist too scary?
If your scene gets cut, do you get notified before it comes out?
How is Harry Potter pop culture?
Is it just me that thinks this movie was awesome??!!?
Which Friday The 13th movie do you like better?
Which superhero movie has the most epic music?
Is American Horror Story based on a true story?!?
Why won't my movie play?
What is that movie plzzzzzzzz?
Any movies where the popular guy falls for an emo/ goth girl?
What is your favorite movie?
Are they maing a movie for the Hush, Hush saga?
Is The Great Gatsby 2013 on netflix?
Whats better indiana jones or star wars?
Whats better indiana jones or star wars?
What song would represent samwise gamgee as a hero in Lord of the Ring?
who is playing Christian grey in fifty shades of grey movie?
Question about the New York Film Academy?
How do you go about writing, directing, and starring in your own film?
Who is your favorite Disney princess or movie?
where can i find the movie go ask alice with Kristen Stewart?
whats the name of this horror movie?
Song in the movie trailer her ?
Title of time travel movie?
Should I buy or rent Akira?
What movie with a boy wearing flannel sitting with a girl on a bench?
To Kill a Mockingbird movie errors?
In the film scarface. who do u think was the most smartest character?
Whats the name of the movie in which Jim Varney plays as a little boy?
Which film can you relate with the most and what are the reasons?
The final Heaven's lost property movie is coming out in April, is there any chance of seasons after it?
Is there an old black and white western film in which a character uses a spear or whale hook to kill someone?
Free movie website for iPhone?
oh brother where art thou question?
What are some example of how Samwise Gamgee (Lord of the Rings) was a hero?
Is percy jackson and the lighting thief a good movie?
Movies like Salmon Fishing in the Yemen and The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel?
What song would represent Samwise Gamgee from 'Lord of the Rings' as a hero?
Why do people watch more popcorn movies than intelligent dramas?
what movie used the quote\if you aint thinking about pussy ..you aint concentrating\?
how come Kathleen McCormack went missing? how come nobody found anything about her till now?
Need to know the name of this anime?
What are some critically acclaimed comedies of the past 10-15 years?
What is the best film in the public domain ?
What is the name of the movie with a robot bull and the guy with gazelle legs?
QUICK! I NEED MOVIE IDEAS ASAP!!!?
What is your favorite quote from a movie?
Silence Of The Lambs!!!?
Silence Of The Lambs?
Which war movie depicts a group of soldiers choosing to regroup rather than rest and eat?
Is Frozen a movie? I was thinking about watching it this weekend.?
movies and demons?????
What do you think about the movie 47 ronin?
whats the movie called about a man falling in love with a girl who is a quadriplegic?
does the movie The Lorax show any nostalgia?
What is the best baseball movie?
Looking for any movie with a specific plot!?
Which disney princess wears a white dress?
Is Marlon Brando Good In Superman?
Can anyone recommend movies like these?
Movie 2006: Group of people traveling in a car.?
How do you rate jurassic park?
True or False: A good movie deserves a good movie theater?
anyone remember an 80's pioneer type kids movie w the phrase make me some food turds?
i need quotes from Gravity movie 2013 !!?
Would you watch a movie with a stranger?
Name of a thriller movie about adoption?
I was wondering how they use the 3 sea shells...?
What are my chances of becoming a film director?
Best Hollywood movies?
whats this movie title?
What are any films that feature a couple looking at the stars while one explains the constellations?
Why want it let me watch Netflix?
Animated film about two princes?
PLEASSEEE ANSWER IMPORTANT TO MEE?
Where do I start as a young film maker?
Movie where a red light on a tv turns people watching it into dust?
why is The Prestige movie so underrated? the rank from IMDB is so unfaire...?
why is The Prestige movie so underrated? the rank from IMDB is so unfaire...?
Why did Indiana Jones know not to look inside the Ark when it was open?
Good coming of age movies?
I need the title of this movie?
What's this movie called?
What Idris Elba movie/show was this?
Why is this movie offensive?
Short Film Ideas Needed?
Help naming Brad Pitt movie..?
What movie is my ring from?
movies about someone who becomes a quadriplegic, (romance)?
movie about psychotic child murdering other person's family?
question about Pride and Prejudice movie, and others like it?
When does somebody deserve credit in writing?
What happens if the Captain of The Flying Dutchman does not return to the ship after his 1 day on shore?
Does anyone else love \The Wrestler\?
What's the name of this movie?
I want to watch this movie online with out any downloads or pay wise?
In \The Green Mile\ movie?
what's the title of this movie...?
I'm looking for 2 specific movies on DVD! 10 points! Please include link!?
Movie Published Between 2004-2008, With Three Kids, I Think One Is In A Wheelchair, And A Swing.?
What are some annoying things people do at the movie theater?
Are there any good scary movies or shows on Netflix?
WHAT FILMS HAS HASBRO.inc MADE FILMS FOR?
Film suggestions please?
What is this Korean Movie name ? please?
HELP! Shirley Temple?? Name of older western movie?
Best comedy movie that you have seen?
